http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15282 democracy deficit
democracy deficit
Accountability in the European Union
Democratic deficit? : institutions and regulation in the European Union, Switzerland and the United States
The end of European integration : anti-Europeanism examined
The European Union and the public sphere : a communicative space in the making?
European integration as an elite process : the failure of a dream?
Abstract.
National parliaments and the European union
This Discussion Paper critically examines local governance in the Niger Delta and its relevance to the search for inclusive and sustainable conflict-resolution in the oil-rich Niger Delta region of Nigeria. It critiques the existing local government system and explores the possibility of reconceptualising local governance along more inclusive, accountable and participatory lines that would institutionalise democracy, development and peace at the grassroots or community level in the troubled oil-rich region. Its originality lies in its departure from top-down perspectives, and its refocusing of attention on the oft-neglected local sites of conflict and under development. The paper will appeal to scholars, policy actors and development planners with a particular interest in developments at the African grassroots level.
"This book focuses on 'democratic deficits', reflecting how far the perceived democratic performance of any state diverges from public expectations. Norris examines the reasons behind the democratic deficit and analyzes the consequences for active citizenship, for governance, and ultimately, for democratization"--
The 'double democratic deficit' : parliamentary accountability and the use of force under international auspices
Innocence lost : Islamism and the battle over values and world order
Law, legitimacy, and European governance : functional participation in social regulation
Power in the global information age : from realism to globalization
Authoritarian backlash : Russian resistance to democratization in the former Soviet Union
The new European community : decisionmaking and institutional change
The end of politics and the birth of iDemocracy
Political representation and legitimacy in the European Union
The net delusion : how not to liberate the world
Reconceptualising democratic local governance in the Niger Delta
Democratic dilemmas of multilevel governance : legitimacy, representation and accountability in the European Union
Parliamentary communication in EU affairs : connecting with the electorate?
Debating political reform in China : rule of law vs. democratization
The debate on Turkey : the perspective of the European Parliament on Turkey's affiliation with the European Union
A democratic audit of the European Union
Institutional challenges in the European Union
EU accession of Central and Eastern European countries : democracy and integration as conflicting logics
A possible world : democratic transformation of global institutions
Independent diplomat : dispatches from an unaccountable elite
Democratic deficit : critical citizens revisited
The European citizens' initiative : an assessment of European citizenship as a solution to the democratic deficit in the European Union (2014)
The real world of EU accountability : what deficit?
Strategies for gender democracy : women and the European social dialogue
The European Parliament and the democratic deficit
Addressing the democratic deficit of the European union in the treaty of Lisbon
A kingdom in crisis : Thailand's struggle for democracy in the twenty-first century
Global governance and democracy : democratization of global governance processes
Globalizing democracy and human rights
Can democracy be designed? : the politics of institutional choice in conflict-torn societies
Accountability and legitimacy in the European Union
Politics as usual : what lies behind the pro-poor rhetoric
Democracy in the European union : integration through deliberation?
Virtual politics : faking democracy in the post-Soviet world
Global democracy: for and against : ethical theory, institutional design and social struggles
What's wrong with the European Union and how to fix it
"John Keane calls for a fresh understanding of the vexed relationship between democracy and violence. Taking issue with the common-sense view that 'human nature' is violent, Keane shows why mature democracies do not wage war upon each other, and why they are unusually sensitive to violence. He argues that we need to think more discriminatingly about the origins of violence, its consequences, its uses and remedies. He probes the disputed meanings of the term violence, and asks why violence is the greatest enemy of democracy, and why today's global 'triangle of violence' is tempting politicians to invoke undemocratic emergency powers. Throughout, Keane gives prominence to ethical questions, such as the circumstances in which violence can be justified, and argues that violent behaviour and means of violence can and should be 'democratised' - made publicly accountable to others, so encouraging efforts to erase surplus violence from the world."--BOOK JACKET.
Popular support for an undemocratic regime : the changing views of Russians
The 'democratic deficit' of the European Union is a much discussed concern of politicians and commentators, and this insightful collection argues that this is a result of the multi-level nature of EU governance. Focusing on the EU, this volume examines the problems multilevel governance causes for democratic legitimacy by placing it in a comparative and theoretical context, and explores how challenges faced by the EU compare with those faced by traditional federal systems worldwide. Through a combination of theoretical perspectives and empirical research, this book offers the means to evaluate the various explanations for the problems facing democracy within the EU and shows how legitimacy and accountability can be improved.
Democracy, social resources and political power in the European Union
Reinventing democracy
Representing Europeans : a pragmatic approach
Federalism doomed? : European federalism between integration and separation
Non-democratic regimes : theory, government and politics
Comparative politics : theory and methods
Constructing legal systems : "European Union" in legal theory
Europe as the would-be world power : the EU at fifty
The justification of Europe : a political theory of supranational integration
The intellectual debate on the European Union in Finland
Civil society participation in European and global governance : a cure for the democratic deficit?
Od demokracji "wirtualnej'' ku europejskiej : geneza i konsekwencje przełomu politycznego w Mołdawii = From 'virtual' to European democracy : the origins and consequences of the political breaktrough in Moldova
Direct action and democracy today
National parliaments on their ways to Europe : losers or latecomers?
Violence and democracy
The uncertainties of Putin's democracy : conference proceedings
