http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15209 sense of smell
sense of smell
Handbook of olfaction and gustation
The scent trail : an olfactory odyssey
Customer sense : how the 5 senses influence buying behavior
Handbook of fruit and vegetable flavors
Multisensory museum : cross-disciplinary perspectives on touch, sound, smell, memory, and space
How does the ear hear? : and other questions about... the five senses
Parfums : a catalogue of remembered smells
On psychophysical evaluation of olfactory sensitivity in health and disease
Sensory history
The ecology of a freshwater crustacean: Lepidurus arcticus (Brachiopoda; Notostraca) in a High Arctic region
A colorful world under the nose : designing for olfactory brand experience
Predator-prey dynamics : the role of olfaction
Smell and taste in health and disease
Odour sensing by insect olfactory receptor neurons : measurements of odours based on action potential analysis
Chemical senses and food quality perception : a literature review
Sensory evaluation of food : principles and practices
Encyclopedia of perception
Aroma : the cultural history of smell
Sensation and perception
Cold smell, white touch and the beautiful braille : a multisensory approach to visual art
Taste : surprising stories and science about why food tastes good
For years, marketers have been experimenting with the senses and sensory experiences to create better perceptions of their products. Even with a product as simple as a potato chip, there are many factors that go into the experience of interacting with the chip. How it tastes, how it smells, the sound that eating it makes, and the appearance of its packaging can all influence our perception of the potato chip itself. As scientists and managers begin to recognize the importance of the senses in product design and marketing, more and more products and advertisements have become sensory in nature. Accepting the importance of the senses brings about a change in how a manager views his or her products. What changes can be made in the packaging, branding, and advertising to captivate the consumer's senses? What changes can be made to the product itself? Dr. Krishna helps managers to understand how customers relate to products on a sensory level, detailing the specific interactions unique to each sense and showing them how small sensory changes can make a huge impact. Customer Sense allows managers to unlock the secret world of sensory appeal and to craft unique products and advertisements for their businesses.
Sensory exotica : a world beyond human experience
The perception of odors in interaction
The handbook of multisensory processes
Flower cues for hawkmoths : colour, place and odour
Being a dog : following the dog into a world of smell
The chemical senses
The detective dog
Methods in chemosensory research
Differential effects of context on intensity judgements of taste and smell : perceptual change or judgemental bias
Food flavours : biology and chemistry
Influence of chemosensory performance on flavor perception and food acceptance of the elderly
Autobiographical odor memory
Smell and the ancient senses
Detection of vole scent marks by avian and mammalian predators : role of ultraviolet sensitivity
Sensory and food related perceptions of 8-, 9-, 10- and 11-year-old school children : baseline measurements
Perception
The foul & the fragrant : odour and the social imagination
Electronic noses : principles and applications
Perfumes : art, science and technology
Olfaction, taste, and cognition
Male moth behaviour and perception in pheromone plumes
Footprint reading library. Beagle patrol
Memory for odors
Neurotransmitter Interactions and Cognitive Function
Olfaction and taste XII : an international symposium
Nutrition and the chemical senses in aging : recent advances and current research needs
Flavor of meat and meat products
Wine quality : tasting and selection
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 4, Olfaction and taste
Fragrance : the psychology and biology of perfume
Individual recognition by scent
The human sense of smell
Ageing and changes in the chemical senses related to food perception : a literature review
Odour detection in the desert locust, Schistocerca gregaria : antennal structure and function
Neuron identity and axon pathfinding in the primary main olfactory system
Olfactory function : the influence of demographic, cognitive, and genetic factors
Alexandra Horowitz, the author of the lively, highly informative New York Times best selling blockbuster Inside of a Dog, explains how dogs perceive the world through their most spectacular organ, the nose, and how humans can put their under-used sense of smell to work in surprising ways.
Past scents : historical perspectives on smell
Genetic and environmental influences on human responses to odors
The body social : symbolism, self and society
Handbook of perception. 6 A, Tasting and smelling
Perfume : the story of a murderer
Smellorama : nose games for dogs
Zonal arrangement and function of mouse main and accessory olfactory neurons
The emperor of scent : a story of perfume and obsession
Olfactory recognition and behavioural avoidance of angiosperm non-host volatiles by conifer bark beetles
Neurogastronomy : how the brain creates flavor and why it matters
Sensory evaluation : a practical handbook
Responses of olfactory receptor neurons of the large pine weevil to a possible deterrent Neutroil® and two other chemicals
"Human sensory and perceptual experience is emphasized, and neuroscientific underpinnings of experience introduced. Chapters are written by experts in each of the sensory systems and integrate current findings in active areas of research. The text provides comprehensive treatment of higher perceptual functions (attention, music, language). Sensory systems including vision, audition, spatial orientation, the vestibular system, taste, and olfaction"--
Mapping the mind
Kallmann syndrome : clinical and molecular genetic features in Finland
Signals and perception : the fundamentals of human sensation
Microbiological, sensory and toxicological aspects of paperboards
The role of odor and sensory irritation in human chemical sensitivity
Flavor chemistry and technology
Chemical ecology and phytochemistry of forest ecosystems
Olfactory imprinting and homing in salmon : investigations into the mechanism of the imprinting process
What the dog knows : scent, science, and the amazing ways dogs perceive the world
Introduction to aroma research
A host of neurotransmitters and neuroactive substances underlies respiratory regulation in health and disease. The centerpiece of investigations regarding adaptation to hypoxia and sensorial perception has been the dopaminergic system. It is now clear that a complex interaction among various neuroactive substances, rather than a single one, forms the basis of respiratory changes. The research on neurotransmitter interactions provides the knowledge of how the brain functions and a new level of understanding of mind-to-body connection, which opens up avenues for novel therapeutic interventions.
Sense of smell in allergic and nonallergic rhinitis
Standardized human olfactory thresholds
