http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15337 seals (building supplies)
seals (building supplies) sealants sealing compounds
Gaskets : design, selection, and testing
Rules of thumb for mechanical engineers : a manual of quick, accurate solutions to everyday mechanical engineering problems
Hard rock tunnel grouting practice in Finland, Sweden, and Norway : literature study
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Mechanisation and automation in dairy technology
Handbook of machinery dynamics : edited by Lynn L. Faulkner. Earl Logan, Jr
Improving the lifespan of an underground loader cabin door seal
Industrial mechanics and maintenance
Preliminary worked examples according to Eurocode 3 part 1.3
Crop residue based densified total mixed ration : a user-friendly approach to utilise food crop by-products for ruminant production
Joining of plastics : handbook for designers and engineers
The objective of this Bachelor's thesis was to improve the sealing ability and lifespan of an underground Load Haul Dump vehicle cabin door seal. The current seal design is subject to wear and tear caused by the operator's equipment as well as environmental factors that reduce the lifespan of the seal. The goal was to minimize and remove these factors to increase the lifespan of the seal and to introduce new solutions and improved concepts for the client. The first section of the theoretical part discusses some aspects of the mining environment that have impact on the seal design and introduces the requirements set for the sealing by the environment. This section also explains some of the major causes that lead to sealing failures as well as important safety aspects, concerning the cabin enclosure and door seal design. The second section of the theoretical part covers the fundamentals of sealing and ways profile size, mass and shape affect bending radius and sealing ability. This section also covers the different material options chosen for this particular application. The last chapter of the theoretical part presents the most important material properties and a comparison between the different materials is made. The practical part of the thesis discusses the design process in more detail. Considerations on how to improve the current design and elongate the lifespan of the seal are presented. Production and manufacturing cost considerations are also included as well as the introduction of different methods, designed to protect the seal from abrasion, tearing and deformations.The final section of the practical part introduces and compares the attachment methods and sealing profile concepts, designed especially for the application. The concepts were compared to each other using a comparison table. Crown and triangle profiles got the highest overall rating in the comparison, while the solid profile concept got the lowest rating. There was very little differences in the profiles with the highest rating but finally, the triangle profile was chosen over the crown profile for its better shape properties and. The direct clamp attachment method was chosen as the most suitable of the methods because of the ease of attaching and replacing, compared to the other methods. Material choice was left open at this point because materials used by different manufacturers may, at first look, appear to be identical and still have very different properties.
Improving sealing, electrical contacts, and corrosion resistance in solid oxide fuel cell stacks
The competitor analysis of a small to medium size company : case: TT-Gaskets oy
Handbook of sealant technology
Fundamentals of machine elements
Performance properties of sealants in concrete facade joints
