http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15388 value theory
value theory
"We are the originals" : a study of value in Fiji
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
Socialism and marginalism in economics : 1870-1930
Intrinsic value : concept and warrant
Reconstructing Marxian economics : Marx based upon a Sraffian commodity theory of value
Choices, values, and frames
Foundations of economic value added
Man as a moral agent in Aristotle
Ethics and society : a Marxist interpretation of value
Ideology and social welfare
Axiological investigations
Consumer value : a framework for analysis and research
Legal foundations of capitalism
Theory of value : an axiomatic analysis of economic equilibrium
On comparing and evaluating scientific theories
Knowledge, belief, and character : readings in virtue epistemology
Facts and values : studies in ethical analysis
Rethinking social work : towards critical practice
Against empiricism : on education, epistemology and value
"When we affirm (or deny) that someone knows something, we are making a value judgment of sorts - we are claiming that there is something superior (or inferior) about that person's opinion, or their evidence, or perhaps about them. A central task of the theory of knowledge is to investigate the sort of evaluation at issue. This is the first book to make 'epistemic normativity,' or the normative dimension of knowledge and knowledge ascriptions, its central focus. John Greco argues that knowledge is a kind of achievement, as opposed to mere lucky success. This locates knowledge within a broader, familiar normative domain. By reflecting on our thinking and practices in this domain, it is argued, we gain insight into what knowledge is and what kind of value it has for us"--Provided by publisher.
Thought, culture, action : studies in the theory of values and its Greek sources
An analysis of knowledge and valuation
The Oxford handbook of value theory
Greed : gut feelings, growth, and history
Studies in the labour theory of value
Pluralism and education in values
Extreme values in finance, telecommunications, and the environment
The new value controversy and the foundations of economics
Economics and culture
Virtually no one would deny the extent and intensity of suffering in the world. Can one also consistently hold that there is an omniscient, omnipotent, perfectly good God? This book argues that the difficult questions raised by the problem of suffering can be considered best in the context of biblical narratives.
The Tanner lectures on human values. 4, 1983
Aristotle, Adam Smith and Karl Marx : on some fundamental issues in 21st century political economy
Actively crafting customer value or merely representing a solution : linking value-based selling to salesperson performance
Naturalism : a critical analysis
The Blackwell guide to ethical theory
The labour theory of value
Sociological theory and the problem of values
Theories of surplus-value : (volume 4 of Capital). 3
The logical foundations of the Marxian theory of value
Feminism and gender equality
Carnap and the unity of science : the intellectual and moral formation of a science-technology generalist : a case study
Virtue epistemology : essays on epistemic virtue and responsibility
The value dimension : Marx versus Ricardo and Sraffa
Sovereign virtue : the theory and practice of equality
Limits and renewals. Vol. 2, A parliament of souls
Reasons and value : in defence of the buck-passing account
The rise of marginalist economies coincided with major increases in the spread of socialist ideas. Socialism and Marginalism in Economics explores the varied socialist responses in a number of major European countries including Italy, France, Russia and the German speaking countries. The relations between marginalism and socialism are shown to be highly complex and variable, and this book pays equal attention to the differences and the common themes. It also highlights some of the many innovative contributions to classical political economy.
Theory of value, prices and accumulation : a mathematical integration of Marx, von Neumann and Sraffa
Capital, profits, and prices : an essay in the philosophy of economics
The elements of moral philosophy
The street porter and the philosopher : conversations on analytical egalitarianism
Modern anti-realism and manufactured truth
"We Are the Originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Theories of surplus-value : (volume 4 of Capital). 1
Prospect theory and mood
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Moral education
Thinking and reasoning : special issue : social judgement theory
Capitalism, value and exploitation : a radical theory
Critical perspectives on regulation of international financial markets : assessing the possibilities for transatlantic regulatory cooperation
Proportions, prices and planning : a mathematical restatement of the labor theory of value
On equality and Trojan horses : the challenges of the Finnish experience to feminist theory
Human rights learning : the significance of narratives, relationality and uniqueness
Value and capital : an inquiry into some fundamental principles of economic theory
Engaging reason : on the theory of value and action
Wandering in darkness : narrative and the problem of suffering
Moral value and human diversity
Ideals & idols : Essays on values in history and in art
On what matters. Vol. 1
Portfolio decision analysis for robust project selection and resource allocation
The use and abuse of art
Collected papers of Clarence Irving Lewis
Constitutional topography : values and constitutions
Model integration and the economics of nuclear power : a study in applied general equilibrium analysis
Contingencies of value : alternative perspectives for critical theory
Ethics without principles
Theories of surplus-value : (volume 4 of Capital). 2
Theory of valuation
Modern investment theory
Historical materialism and the economics of Karl Marx
Samuel Bailey and the classical theory of value
Exploring ethics : a traveller's tale
Intellectual virtues : an essay in regulative epistemology
Amenity resource valuation : integrating economics with other disciplines
Value judgement : improving our ethical beliefs
Risk, uncertainty and profit
Building the human economy: a question of value?
Achieving knowledge : a virtue-theoretic account of epistemic normativity
A tract on monetary reform
Value...and what follows
On what matters. Vol. 2
Harry Markowitz : selected works
Lexicographic preferences in contingent valuation : a theoretical framework with illustrations
Symbols and values of strategic managers : a semiotic approach
Collective choice and social welfare
