http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15341 food production
food production
Science, ethics, and food : papers and proceedings of a colloquium, organized by the Smithsonian Institution
The ethical aspects of animal cloning for food supply : proceedings of the Round-table Debate, Brussels, 24-25 September 2007
Factors influencing green sourcing in food retailing : case study: Finnish food retailers
World food security : selected themes and issues
This book reflects the latest developments and research on today's global food landscape, including biofuels, the international food market, food aid, obesity, food retailing, urban agriculture, and food safety. The second edition also features an expanded discussion of the links between water, climate change, and food, as well as farming and the environment. New chapters look at livestock, meat and fish and the future of food politics. Paarlberg's book challenges myths and critiques more than a few of today's fashionable beliefs about farming and food.
Food activism : agency, democracy and economy
The locavore's dilemma : in praise of the 10,000-mile diet
Impacts of ozone pollution on food security in the UK : a case study for two contrasting years, 2006 and 2008
Food industry design, technology and innovation
Agriculture's futures : America's food system
Energy use in global food production : considerations for sustainable food security in the 21st century
Foods derived from biotechnology
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
Biotechnology : a comprehensive treatise in 8 volumes. 5, Food and feed production with microorganisms
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Green technologies in food production and processing
From the ground up : rethinking industrial agriculture
Proceedings of the 3rd International Symposium on Supply Chains in the Transitional Economies : Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, July 4-8, 2010
World livestock 2011 : livestock in food security
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
Sous vide and cook-chill processing for the food industry
Hungry city : how food shapes our lives
How to HACCP : a management guide
Design to feed the world : 100 projects 50 schools 5 topics
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference "Sustainable Food Systems: Multi-actor Co-operation to Foster New Competitiveness of Europe"
Moveable feasts : the incredible journeys of the things we eat
Food security in a changing Africa : proceedings of the Workshop on Africa Food Security in a Changing Environment: Sharing Good Practices and Experiences held in Kampala, Uganda, June 6-9, 2001
Improving the quality of dry-cured sausages using pork from rustic breeds
Foodways and daily life in medieval Anatolia : a new social history
CAPD and agricultural development in the Republic of China on Taiwan : March 1979 - September 1984.
Essential food hygiene for the food industry
Coping with a changing climate : considerations for adaptation and mitigation in agriculture
Food politics : what everyone needs to know
Stolen harvest : the hijacking of the global food supply
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 3, Institutions and international trade policies
Land under pressure : the impact of water erosion on food production in Ethiopia
What can the Finnish food chain be proud of? Views on value added factors in the Finnish food chain.
New insights into consumer-oriented food product design
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
"An in-depth look at agroecology, an alternative to the world's current food crisis" --
Just food : philosophy, justice, and food
Seed sovereignty, food security : women in the vanguard of the fight against GMOs and corporate agriculture
Methods for modelling and optimisation of quality properties and costs in food products
Customer willingness to pay for sustainability in the food sector : an examination of three WTP types
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Voluntary Standards for Sustainable Food Systems: Challenges and Opportunities : a Workshop of the FAO/UNEP Programme on Sustainable Food Systems, 11-12 June 2013, FAO headquarters, Rome
So shall we reap : (how everyone who is liable to born in the next ten thousand years could eat very well indeed; and why, in practice, our immediate descendants are likely to be in serious trouble)
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Food for all
Manifestos on the future of food & seed
Ethics of animal use
Hydroponic strawberry production : a technical guide to the hydrophonic production of strawberries
Genetic engineering in agriculture : the myths, environmental risks, and altervanives
Towards a risk-based chain control
Agricultural and food policy
Debunking the notion that our current food crisis must be addressed through industrial agriculture and genetic modification, author and activist Vandana Shiva argues that those forces are in fact the ones responsible for the hunger problem in the first place. Who Really Feeds the World? is a powerful manifesto calling for agricultural justice and genuine sustainability, drawing upon Shiva's thirty years of research and accomplishments in the field. She proposes that instead of relying on genetic modification and large-scale monocropping to solve the world's food crisis, we should look to agroecology —the knowledge of the interconnectedness that creates food— as a truly life-giving alternative to the industrial paradigm. Shiva succinctly and eloquently lays out the networks of people and processes that feed the world, exploring issues of diversity, the needs of small famers, the importance of seed saving, the movement toward localization, and the role of women in producing the world's food.
Proposals for a World Food Board
Maximise your mark : food technology : revision guide
Empires of food : feast, famine, and the rise and fall of civilizations
What's to eat? : and other questions kids ask about food
The butcher, the baker & the cheese maker : TRADEIT case study book
Asia Pacific Symposium on Postharvest Research, Education and Extension : Bangkok, Thailand, August 2-4, 2010
The crisis of food brands : sustaining safe, innovative and competitive food supply
Towards effective food chains : models and applications / edited by Jacques Trienekens ... [et al.]
Acta agriculturæ Scandinavica. Section C, Food economics
Of agricultural systems and systems agriculture : systems methodologies in agricultural education
World soil resources and food security
Report of the Panel of Eminent Experts on Ethics in Food and Agriculture
Food security and public distribution system today : failures and successes
QRA models of farm-to-fork chains : some experiences from Finnish risk assessments
The omnivore's dilemma : the secrets behind what you eat
An innovative accounting framework for the food-energy-water nexus : application of the MuSIASEM approach to three case studies
Evaluation of a separative rearing method of the mealworm beetle for protein production
The future of food business : the facts, the impacts, the acts
Resource management in challenged environments
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
'What 's for dinner?' seemed like a simple question-until journalist and supermarket detective Michael Pollan delved behind the scenes. From fast food and big organic to small farms and old-fashioned hunting and gathering, this young readers' adaptation of Pollan's famous food-chain exploration encourages kids to consider the personal and global health implications of their food choices. Examines the origins of the different food chains that have sustained humans throughout history, discussing how certain foods and cuisines have become a popular part of people's daily diets.
Land tenure and rural development
Toward sustainable aagriculture and food production : a vision for the future viability of food production, processing and marketing
The animal trade
Economics of resources, agriculture and food
The future of food : biotechnology markets and policies in an international setting
Globalization of food systems in developing countries : impact on food security and nutrition
Regional integration and food security in developing countries
Food safety : a practical approach
Agricultural economics and agribusiness
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
Agriculture and environment : bringing food production and environmental protection in developing countries : proceedings of an international symposium sponsored by Division A-6 of the American Society of Agronomy in Cincinnati, OH, 7-12 November 1993
The food chain in sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of the workshop held in Bamako, Mali, October 15-19, 1999 = La chaîne alimentaire en Afrique sub-saharienne
Change in agriculture : lectures and summaries of case studies presented to the International Seminar on Change in Agriculture, University of Reading, Berkshire, England, together with a general review and conclusions
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Applications of Modelling as an Innovative Technology in the Agri-Food Chain : Model-IT : Madrid, Spain, June 9-11, 2008
Incorporating nutrition objectives into development policies and programmes
Handbook of food factory design
Food in Sub-Saharan Africa
Food security and global environmental change
Rising tides : the history and future of the environmental movement
Food security in nutrient-stressed environments: exploiting plants' genetic capabilities
The Baltic environment, food and health: from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Technical assistance to the People's Republic of Bangladesh for the third livestock development project
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Report of the second World Food Congress, The Hague, Netherlands, 16-30 June 1970. Volume 2.
Encyclopedia of agricultural, food, and biological engineering : Volume 1.
Outgrowing the earth : the food security challenge in an age of falling water tables and rising temperatures
Make money by growing mushrooms
Technical background documents : World Food Summit, 13-17 November 1996, Rome, Italy. Vol. 1, 1-5
Population and food
Agriculture, food and nutrition for Africa : a resource book for teachers of agriculture
Contract farming for inclusive market access
Who really feeds the world? : the failures of agribusiness and the promise of agroecology
In search of biohappiness : biodiversity and food, health and livelihood security
Grass-fed nation : getting back the food we deserve
Ozone pollution : a hidden threat to food security :report prepared by the ICO Vegetation
The liberalization of food marketing in Sub-Saharan Africa
"Food is one of the most basic resources that humans need for daily survival. Forty percent of the world's population gains a livelihood from agriculture and we all consume food. Yet control over this fundamental resource is concentrated in relatively few hands. The 2008 food price crisis illustrated both the volatility and vulnerability built into the current global food system; at the height of the crisis, the number of hungry people on the planet climbed to over 1 billion. At the same time, there are serious ecological consequences that stem from an increasingly industrial model of agriculture that has spread worldwide. This book aims to contribute to a fuller understanding of the forces that influence and shape the current global food system. Author Jennifer Clapp explores how corporate control, inequitable international agricultural trade rules, and the financialization of farm commodities have each had a fundamental influence on the practices that dominate today's global food system. By contrast, farmers and consumers, particularly in the developing world, have had little voice to change the rules of the game. But movements are emerging to challenge the dominant global system. The extent to which these alternative movements can displace it, however, remains to be seen."--pub. website.
Food democracy : from consumer to food citizen
Summary.
Food for thought : changing the world one bite at a time
This book explores the links between food and democracy. It addresses how democratic principles can be used to shape our food system and takes a practical ‘how-to’ approach to using democratic processes to regain control of the food we eat. It also highlights what food democracy looks like on the ground and how individuals, communities and societies can be empowered to access, cook and eat healthy food in ways that are sustainable. Food democracy, as a concept, is a social movement based on the idea that people can and should be able to actively participate in shaping the food system rather than being passive spectators. The book is useful for university and advanced TAFE courses that cover topics examining food in health sciences, social sciences and other areas of study. It is also relevant to health practitioners, nutritionists, food advocates, policy makers and others with a keen interest in exploring an alternative to the industrial food system known as “Big Food.”
Law and modern biotechnology : selected issues of relevance to food and agriculture
Proceedings of the 4rd International Symposium on Supply Chains in the Transitional Economies : Cebu, The Philippines July 4-7, 2012
Food production and consumption : the efficiency of human food chains and nutrient cycles
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
International food and agribusiness management review
Agro-industries for development
The use of pork from rustic pig breeds was tested to improve the quality of dry-cured fermented sausages. The quality of a salchichon/salami-type sausage manufactured with pork from Chato Murciano breed (CM) and Early White pig (EW) (Large White x Landrace breed) was compared. CM pork improved several quality characteristics of dry-cured fermented sausage. Significant (p . 0.05) differences between mean CM and EW values were found for total lipids, ash, collagen, water activity, total acidity, CIELab colour, proteolysis, fat acidity, fatty acid profile, total viable counts, lactic acid bacteria, Micrococacceae, moulds and yeasts, colour, odour, flavour, fattiness and acceptance. CM mainly intensified the reddening of sausage cuts and increased monounsaturated acids in fat. Acceptance was also better for CM, although odour and flavour were only slightly improved. The production of high-quality specialities of dry-cured meat products can contribute to the sustainable production of CM and similar rustic pig breeds, maintaining the genetic diversity of pig species.
Food safety regulatory compliance : catalyst for a lean and sustainable food supply chain
Food quality and consumer value : delivering food that satisfies
Food surpluses : disposal for welfare purposes
Will there be enough food?
Food economics : the official journal of the Nordic Association of Agricultural Scientists (NJF)
Contamination routes and control of Listeria monocytogenes in food production
Saving the planet with pesticides and plastics : the environmental triumph of high-yield farming
Forest farming : towards a solution to problems of world hunger and conservation
Private voluntary control mechanisms and a case study on McDoland's Agricultural Assurance Program
Environmental systems analysis of meals : model description and data used for two different meals
Agricultural and food science in Finland : Vol. 7, no 2, 1998
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Food and agriculture in Papua New Guinea
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
The state of agricultural commodity markets
Food, population and employment in China
Food engineering, quality and competitiveness in small food industry systems : with emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean
Advancing the aquaculture agenda : workshop proceedings
Food marketing reconsidered : an assessment of the liberalization of food marketing in Sub-Saharan Africa
Who has access, and who is denied access, to food, and why? What are the consequences of food insecurity? What would it take for the food system to be just? Just Food: Philosophy, Justice and Food presents thirteen new philosophical essays that explore the causes and consequences of the inequities of our contemporary food system. It examines why 842 million people globally are unable to meet their dietary needs, and why food insecurity is not simply a matter of insufficient supply. The book looks at how food insecurity tracks other social injustices, covering topics such as race, gender and property, as well as food sovereignty, food deserts, and locavorism. The essays in this volume make an important and timely contribution to the wider philosophical debate around food distribution and justice.
Agriculture : toward 2000.
Tiivistelmä: Metoder for å modellere og optimere kvalitetsegenskaper og kostnader i næringsmidler.
Handbook of organic food processing and production
Feeding frenzy : the new politics of food
Systems theory applied to agriculture and the food chain
"This book investigates daily life in Anatolia during the fourteenth century, the dawn of the Ottoman era, through the many ways in which humans experience food. This includes meals and the social interactions that they entail, of course, but also the production activities of peasants and gardeners, the exchanges of food between the common folk, merchants and the state, and the religious landscape that unfolds around food-related beliefs and practices. Using an array of sources ranging from hagiographies to archaeology and from Sufi poetry to endowment deeds, the resulting study presents a broad picture of a society's daily life and worldviews through the multiplicity of its interactions with food, in a style that both scholars and non-specialists will enjoy"--
Food : from farm to table
Quality management in food chains
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Food security in Africa : concepts, measurement, policy and reality
Energy-smart food for people and climate : issue paper
Managing the livestock revolution : policy and technology to address the negative impacts of a fast-growing sector
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Futures of Finnish food system by 2050 : the perspective of resilience
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Inputs supply and incentive policies
Processed foods for improved livelihoods
Life cycle assessment (LCA) of different Central American agro-food chains
Food
The plan for the world food congress : Washington, D.C., 4-18 June 1963.
Food, agriculture and rural development : current and emerging issues for economic analysis and policy research (CUREMIS II). Vol. 1, Latin America and the Caribbean
Ecolabels and the greening of the food market
Case studies in food policy for developing countries. Volume 2, Domestic policies for markets, production, and environment
Value from village processing
Globalising food : agrarian questions and global restructuring
Globesity : a planet out of control?
Critical perspectives in food studies
Structurally adjusted Africa : poverty, debt and basic needs
Food manufacturing has evolved over the centuries from kitchen industries to modern, sophisticated production operations. A typical food factory includes the food processing and packaging lines, the buildings and exterior landscaping, and the utility-supply and waste-treatment facilities. As a single individual is unlikely to possess all the necessary skills required to facilitate the design, the task will undoubtedly be undertaken by an interdisciplinary team employing a holistic approach based on a knowledge of the natural and biological sciences, most engineering disciplines, and relevant legislation. In addition, every successful project requires a competent project manager to ensure that all tasks are completed on time and within budget. This Handbook attempts to compress comprehensive, up-to-date coverage of these areas into a single volume. The multi-disciplinary nature of the subject matter should facilitate more informed communication between individual specialists on the team. It should also provide useful background information on food factory design for a wider range of professionals with a more peripheral interest in the subject: for example, process plant suppliers, contractors, HSE specialists, retailers, consultants, and financial institutions. Finally, it is hoped that it will also prove to be a valuable reference for students and instructors in the areas of food technology, chemical engineering, and mechanical engineering, in particular.
The omnivore's dilemma : the search for a perfect meal in a fast-food world
Food and economics
Biorefineries in decentralized environment : review
Introduction to food and agribusiness management
The Baltic environment, food and health : from habits to awareness : feasibility study : Central Baltic INTERREG IV A Programme 2007-2013
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 2, Vulnerability of food resources to climate
"Across the globe, people are challenging the agro-industrial food system and its exploitation of people and resources, reduction of local food varieties, and negative health consequences. In this collection leading international anthropologists explore food activism across the globe to show how people speak to, negotiate, or cope with power through food. Who are the actors of food activism and what forms of agency do they enact? What kinds of economy, exchanges, and market relations do they practice and promote? How are they organized and what are their scales of political action and power relations? Each chapter explores why and how people choose food as a means of forging social and economic justice, covering diverse forms of food activism from individual acts by consumers or producers to organized social groups or movements. The case studies embrace a wide geographical spectrum including Cuba, Sri Lanka, Egypt, Mexico, Italy, Canada, France, Colombia, Japan, and the USA. This is the first book to examine food activism in diverse local, national, and transnational settings, making it essential reading for students and scholars in anthropology and other fields interested in food, economy, politics and social change"--
FAO principles of surplus disposal and consultative obligations of member nations
Vegan : the new ethics of eating
Contribution of livestock to food production in developing countries
Food unwrapped
Towards a new agricultural revolution : research, technology transfer, and application for food security in Africa
Increasing food security for all? : challenges of strengthening food security of a Cambodian village
Smallholder irrigation technology : prospects for sub-Saharan Africa
The food wars
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference on Managing Quality in Chains MQUIC 2006 : the integrated view on fruits and vegetables quality : Bangkok, Thailand, August 7-10, 2006.. Vol. 1-2
Ethics and the politics of food : preprints of the 6th Congress of the European Society for Agricultural and Food Ethics : EurSAFE 2006, Oslo, Norway, June 22-24, 2006
Report of the second World Food Congress, The Hague, Netherlands, 16-30 June 1970. Vol. 1.
Developing world agriculture
Identifying the driving forces behind price fluctuations and potential food crisis
Mycotoxins in food production systems : [proceedings of a conference held at] University of Bath, 25-27 June 2003
The Latin American agriculture in the international division of labour : food for human survival vs. food for capital accumulation
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Local food for local people
