http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15340 stories of origin
stories of origin foundational stories
Finnish folk-accounts for the origins of the Gypsies
Folktales of India
Founding communities : departures, arrivals, returns and resettlements in West Seram
There is no dog
The diversity of the Muslim community : anthropological essays in memory of Peter Lienhardt
The Viking gods : from Snorri Sturluson'd Edda
Songs of creation among the Fenno-Ugrians around the Baltic
The serpent's promise : the Bible retold as science
An introduction to viking mythology
Mga anak ng araw : bakit iba-iba ang kulay ng mga lahi = Children of the sun : why different races have different colors
Bulsa Sunsuelima : folktales of the Bulsa in northern Ghana. Vol. 1, Tales of the sky-god (Wen, Naawen). Part 1
Nyumba ya Mumbi : the Gikuyu creation myth
Tales of native America
Tales of the Narts : ancient myths and legends of the Ossetians
Nacimiento Yukuna : reconstructive ethnography in Amazonia
African myths of origin
The Genesis creations story : its literary structure
Myths and legends of the Vikings
Songs beyond the Kalevala : transformations of oral poetry
Collective works of Hijikata Hisakatsu : myths and legends of Palau
Alamat ng bahaghari =  (The legend of the rainbow)
Encyclopedia of creation myths
Myth, cosmos, and society : Indo-European themes of creation and destruction
Rational ancestors : scientific rationality and African indigenous religions
The raw and the cooked
Northern religions and shamanism
The Dîné : origin myths of the Navaho Indians
Noah's flood : the Genesis story in Western thought
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part B, Folk legends. Vol. 2
A people of stories in the forest of myth : the Yukuna of Miritiparaná
Texts in multiple versions : histories of editions
Creation and procreation : feminist reflections on mythologies of cosmogony and parturition
The signifying monkey : a theory of Afro-American literary criticism
Oceanic and Australasian mythology
Studies in folklore : in honor of Distinguished Service Professor Stith Thompson
Maori origins and migrations : the genesis of some Pakeha myths and legends
Primeval history : Babylonian, biblical, and Enochic : an intertextual reading
An egg at Easter : a folklore study
The dark crystal : creation myths. [1]
Oral literature of Korea
Magical arrows : the Maori, the Greeks, and the folklore of the universe
How the world began
From primitives to Zen : a thematic sourcebook of the history of religions
Language, tradition and identity : proceedings of the international seminar held in Dar-es-Salaam 1-3.4.1992
Creation and evolution in primitive cosmogonies : and other pieces
Studies in social anthropology : essays in memory of E. E. Evans-Pritchard by his former Oxford colleagues
An epidemic of rumors : how stories shape our perception of disease
Myth in primitive psychology
The other nomads : peripathetic minorities in cross-cultural perspective
When the world was young : creating and pouquoi tales
Creation myths of primitive America
Butterfly mother : Miao (Hmong) creation epics from Guizhou, China
Myths of the origin of fire : an essay
"The Nart sagas are to the Caucasus what Greek mythology is to Western civilization. Tales of the Narts presents a wide selection of fascinating tales preserved as a living tradition among the peoples of Ossetia in southern Russia, a region where ethnic identities have been maintained for thousands of years in the face of major cultural upheavals. A mythical tribe of tall, nomad warriors, the Narts were courageous, bold, and good-hearted. But they were also capable of cruelty, envy, and forceful measures to settle disputes. In this wonderfully vivid and accessible compilation of stories, colorful and exciting heroes, heroines, villains, and monsters pursue their destinies though a series of peculiar exploits, often with the intervention of ancient gods. The world of the Narts can be as familiar as it is alien, and the tales contain local themes as well as echoes of influence from diverse lands. The ancestors of the Ossetians once roamed freely from eastern Europe to western China, and their myths exhibit striking parallels with ancient Indian, Norse, and Greek myth. The Nart sagas may also have formed a crucial component of the Arthurian cycle. Tales of the Narts further expands the canon of this precious body of lore and demonstrates the passion and values that shaped the lives of the ancient Ossetians."--
Tsawalk : a Nuu-chah-nulth worldview
Where you came from
Cosmos, self, and history in Baniwa religion : for those unborn
"In An Epidemic of Rumors, Jon D. Lee examines the human response to epidemics through the lens of the 2003 SARS epidemic. Societies usually respond to the eruption of disease by constructing stories, jokes, conspiracy theories, legends, and rumors, but these narratives are often more damaging than the diseases they reference. The information disseminated through them is often inaccurate, incorporating xenophobic explanations of the disease's origins and questionable medical information about potential cures and treatment. Folklore studies brings important and useful perspectives to understanding cultural responses to the outbreak of disease. Through this etiological study Lee shows the similarities between the narratives of the SARS outbreak and the narratives of other contemporary disease outbreaks like AIDS and the H1N1 virus. His analysis suggests that these disease narratives do not spring up with new outbreaks or diseases but are in continuous circulation and are recycled opportunistically. Lee also explores whether this predictability of vernacular disease narratives presents the opportunity to create counter-narratives released systematically from the government or medical science to stymie the negative effects of the fearful rumors that so often inflame humanity. With potential for practical application to public health and health policy, An Epidemic of Rumors will be of interest to students and scholars of health, medicine, and folklore"--
The origin myth of the medicine rite : three versions : the historical origins of the medicine rite
Kuinka hirvi sai sarvensa = How the elk got his antlers
Living by stories : a journey of landscape and memory
Ale, spirits, and patterns of mythical fantasy : the origin of alcoholic beverages according to Finnish folklore
African intellectual heritage : a book of sources
Abraham, Blessing and the Nations : a Philological and Exegetical Study of Genesis 12:3 in its Narrative Context
Great synty in Kalevaic and lament poetry
Stories from Quechan oral literature
The standard Babylonian creation myth Enūma Eliš
Nart sagas from the Caucasus : ancient myths and legends of the Circassians and Abkhazians
Storytelling in religious education
Shier shengxiao de gushi = Story of the Chinese zodiac
Mythology and cosmic order
Children of Tamus : a history of the Sulka in Papua New Guinea : a supplement to the research of the Hamburg South Seas Expedition from 1908 to 1910
Tales of the Cochiti Indians
First light : a history of creation myths from Gilgamesh to the God particle
Adam and Eve : the myths of the creation of eros
Solomon Island folktales from Malaita
Founding the city, creating identity : marriage and ideology in Rome
The woodpecker that helped people out of the tree : a south-west African myth -relic
The life-giving myth and other essays
Suomen kansankulttuurin kartasto = Atlas of Finnish ethnic culture. 2, Suomen perinneatlas = Folklore
Scandinavian mythology
Essential sacred writings from around the world
