http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15371 honour killing
honour killing
Summary: Crime in history.
The hummingbird
We can be heroes
Honor lost : love and death in modern-day Jordan
The covered Muslim woman is a common spectacle in Western media - a victim of male brutality, the oppressed and suffering wife or daughter. And the resulting negative stereotypes of Muslim men, stereotypes reinforced by the post-9/11 climate in which he is seen as a potential terrorist, have become so prominent that they influence and shape public policy, citizenship legislation, and the course of elections across Europe and throughout the Western world. In this book, Katherine Pratt Ewing asks why and how these stereotypes - what she terms "stigmatized masculinity" - largely go unrecognized, and examines how Muslim men manage their masculine identities in the face of such discrimination. The author focuses her analysis and develops an ethnographic portrait of the Turkish Muslim immigrant community in Germany, a population increasingly framed in the media and public discourse as in crisis because of a perceived refusal of Muslim men to assimilate. Interrogating this sense of crisis, Ewing examines a series of controversies - including honor killings, headscarf debates, and Muslim stereotypes in cinema and the media - to reveal how the Muslim man is ultimately depicted as the "abjected other" in German society.
The ghost runner : a Makana mystery
Character assassination throughout the ages
Religion, culture and the politicization of honour-related violence : a critical analysis of media and policy debates in Western Europe and North America
Only one life
Cover her face : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
The white tiger
International accountability for honour killings as human rights violations
Violence against women and children : vision, innovation and professionalism in policing, VIP guide
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
The attack
Armchair guide to the Middle East. Vol. 3, Women in islam
Death spiral
'Honour'-based violence is a form of intimate violence committed against women (and some men) by husbands, fathers, brothers and male relatives. A very common social phenomenon, it has existed throughout history and in a wide variety of societies across the world, from white European to African cultures, from South and East Asia to Latin America. The most extreme form of Honour-based violence - 'honour' killing - tragically remains widespread. Over the last decade, national and international efforts, including new policy development and activist campaigns, have begun to challenge the practice. Based on a pioneering and unique study, conducted collaboratively by the Centre for Gender and Violence Research, University of Bristol, the University of Roehampton and Kurdish Women's Rights Watch, this book is at the forefront of this new and challenging policy direction.
Honor killings in the twenty-first century
'Honour' killing and violence : theory, policy and practice
Honour, violence, women and Islam
Gender danger : survivors of rape, human trafficking, and honor killings
Honour-based violence : experiences and counter-strategies in Iraqi Kurdistan and the UK Kurdish diaspora
The front
Killing honour
Growing up with risk
Does God hate women?
"Honour" : crimes, paradigms, and violence against women
Honour killing : stories of men who killed
Murder in the name of honour : the true story of one woman's heroic fight against an unbelievable crime
Reclaiming honor in Jordan : a national public opinion survey on "honor" killings
The ice princess
