http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15382 organisational culture
organisational culture
The emergence of leadership : linking self-organization and ethics
Authors Gerald W. Driskill and Angela Laird Brenton have created a stimulating workbook to guide students through data collection, analysis, interpretation, and application of organizational culture data using a practical five-step process. Based on more than 20 years of experience in using this approach with hundreds of students, the authors help students apply cultural insights to fostering diversity, supporting organizational change, making leadership more dynamic, exploring the link between ethics and culture, and making organizations more effective overall. Organizational Culture in Action is an excellent supplemental text for advanced undergraduate or graduate students studying organizational communication, organizational culture, organizational development, leadership development, or managerial communication.
A four times told tale : combining narrative and scientific knowledge in organization studies
Transforming public enterprise organisational culture in developing countries for improved performance : a study of Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and Shell Petroleum Development Company (SPDC)
Business Communication Study : Case Study: Product Company Wärtsilä Finland & Wärtsilä Network Companies Located in Middle East & South Asia
Are leaders born or made? Does each society get the leaders it deserves? How-and why-is leadership 'rhetoric' different from leadership in reality? Leadership is one of the most talked about yet least understood concepts in current business and society. This book explores how theoretical models and views of leadership have evolved over time; how leadership can be investigated from individual, organizational, and societal perspectives; and perennial dilemmas and emerging approaches in Leadership Studies. Positioning its discussion within a multidisciplinary framework that touches on management, sociology, philosophy, anthropology, history, literature, and politics, this book examines and critiques the common assumptions that inform the ways in which leaders and leadership are recognized, rewarded, and developed.
Management & organisational behaviour
What more can we do? : developing a multicultural action plan for the Girls' House, a meeting place for girls and young women in Helsinki
Managing diversity and inclusion : an international perspective
Making leadership : performances, practices, and positions that construct leadership
Throughout the history of business employees had to adapt to managers and managers had to adapt to organizations. In the future this is reversed with managers and organizations adapting to employees. This means that in order to succeed and thrive organizations must rethink and challenge everything they know about work. The demographics of employees are changing and so are employee expectations, values, attitudes, and styles of working. Conventional management models must be replaced with leadership approaches adapted to the future employee. Organizations must also rethink their traditional structure, how they empower employees, and what they need to do to remain competitive in a rapidly changing world. This is a book about how employees of the future will work, how managers will lead, and what organizations of the future will look like. -- Publisher website.
The cultures of management
Human-based change leadership model proposal : Case-study: Product Creation Renewal program in large, global enterprise
Organization theory and design
The relationship between organization culture and knowledge sharing in a born global firm
Around the corporate campfire : how great leaders use stories to inspire success
Added value of intangibles for organizational innovation
Organizational psychology in cross-cultural perspective
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Culture, self-identity, and work
Implementing quality culture : case Wärtsilä Finland Oy - Power Plants
The agile organization : how to build an innovative, sustainable and resilient business
The role of emotions in organizational culture : "emotional-organizational model"
Organizational culture and climate continues to engage academic interest and debate. Culture has increasingly been linked to a diverse range of individuals and organizational behaviours. However, despite the international interest and importance of the concept, the dominant literature in this field has tended to reflect an Anglo–US model and perspective. There are no significant texts which have attempted to combine and integrate the more traditional with the more emergent perspective. This book will be the first volume to offer authoritative, critical and comprehensive discussion and information on the topic. It will review the current state of the art in terms of the theoretical and methodological issues and problems and it will consider future research directions.
Organization theory & design
Summary (s. 9-10).
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
The Oxford handbook of organizational climate and culture
Discourses on 'culture' and 'usability work' in software product development
"Businesses are built by growing relationships with customers. Culture is created by the stories those relationships tell. Two of the most important differentiators of a business are its talent and its culture. Talent energized by a compelling culture will drive organizational success and provide innovative growth opportunities for both the business and the individual. Based on her more than thirty years at Chick-fil-A, most of which have been spent as Vice President, Corporate Talent, Dee Ann Turner shares how Chick-fil-A has built a devoted talent and fan base that spans generations. It's My Pleasure tells powerful stories and provides practical applications on how to develop extraordinary talent able to build and/or stimulate a company's culture"--Jacket.
Improving Internal Communication between Marketing and Buying Departments: Case Company
Integrating corporate values with organizational culture : from journey of exploration to leadership
Abstract: The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg.
Corporate environmental management. 2, Culture and organizations
"A new edition of the classic business parable that has sold more than a million copies since 2006. Our Iceberg Is Melting is a simple fable about doing well in an ever-changing world. Based on the award-winning work of Harvard's John Kotter, it is a story that has been used to help thousands of people and organizations. The fable is about a penguin colony in Antarctica. A group of beautiful emperor pen&shy;guins live as they have for many years. Then one curious bird discovers a potentially devastating problem threatening their home--and pretty much no one listens to him. The characters in the story, Fred, Alice, Louis, Buddy, the Professor, and NoNo, are like people we recognize--even ourselves. Their tale is one of resistance to change and heroic action, seemingly intractable obstacles and the most clever tactics for dealing with those obstacles. It's a story that is occurring in different forms all around us today--but the penguins handle the very real challenges a great deal better than most of us. Our Iceberg Is Melting is based on pioneer&shy;ing work that shows how Eight Steps produce needed change in any sort of group. It's a story that can be enjoyed by anyone while at the same time providing invaluable guidance for a world that just keeps moving faster and faster"--
Transforming organizational values into action - challenges in a multinational organization : case: Halton Ventilation
Organizational learning and knowledge management in contexts
Our iceberg is melting : changing and succeeding under any conditions
The organic organisation : freedom, creativity and the search for fulfilment
Working life based foresight information in human resource development and managing
Changing school culture through staff development : 1990 yearbook of the Association for Supervision and Curriculum Development
Organizational Climate Survey: OP-Services
The game changer : how to use the science of motivation with the power of game design to shift behaviour, shape culture and make clever happen
Ten steps to maturity in knowledge management : lessons in economy
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The positive organization : breaking free from conventional cultures, constraints, and beliefs
Confronting company politics
Assessing academic climates and cultures
International assigment : case The United Kingdom
Organizational Structures for Small and Medium Sized Enterprises
Managing the change of organizational culture in cross-border mergers and acquisitions : the role of post-acquisition integration in organizational culture change
Intelligent leadership and leadership competencies : developing a leadership framework for intelligent organizations
Essays on human resource management perspectives on diversity management
Why are some companies more succesful than others? : An exploration into organizational culture and dynamic capabilities
Abstract: The goal of this thesis was to determine the state of resources effecting into customer service quality. In this thesis was focused on competence of the staff, job tasks, work motivation, work satisfaction, atmosphere and leadership. Information gathering was conducted by a survey, which was sent in an email to all of the employees, 20 in total.  Hacklin Logistics is an international company and therefore not all of the employees speak Finnish. The survey was carried out during October 2016 and was made in English. The response rate was fairly good as it was 65 %, so 11 out of 20 employees answered. The survey was a structured survey with readymade answer possibilities. The respondents were also given a chance to answer into a few open ended questions.  The theoretical part entails information about competence, organizational culture and atmosphere, motivation and leadership. To help gather the information was used many different sources; literature, internet and former case studies. From these sources, the author has looked up information regarding all the objectives of this thesis. The topic was rather wide, so it had to be narrowed down to avoid going off point. The author gathered the empirical data with the survey described above. The response rate was 65 % so 11 respondents out of 20.  In the later part of the thesis one can find the survey results and conclusion. After these the author has given some suggestions on how the case company would be able to improve their employee's motivation level, and wellbeing at the office. The overall answers received from the survey were good. Both, good aspects and aspects that need more attention were taken into consideration in this thesis. The results are relatively reliable. There are some aspects that might lower the reliability of the answers. Recommendation for further research was to re-do the survey after some time has passed in order to get information which is comparable with this study. The survey could also be altered so, that it could be held for customers and partner companies.
Abstract: Research has pointed out the importance of culture and climate in relation to strategy and overall success of knowledge organizations. Vision, mission, and values make up the culture but they are also the building blocks in strategic planning. It has been shown that satisfied and happy employees are more productive especially in the context of a knowledge organization. OP-Pohjola Group aims to be the financial sector's most attractive employer. The Group makes a strong long-term commitment to improving employee wellbeing, competence, leadership development, and rewarding practices. Personnel are encouraged to pursue professional growth throughout their careers. The results of the Organizational Climate Survey were mostly positive even though clear areas of improvement were found. The areas of improvement include the following: It seems that employees need to deal with too much bureaucracy. Also female employees are not satisfied with their opportunities for advancement and it seems that mission, vision, and values do not show in everyday work and procedures. Employees do not always get enough feedback from their managers. Furthermore, there is a lack of two-way communication. Regardless of these areas of improvement, the respondents are generally satisfied with OP-Services as an employer. In a big organization there are various opportunities.
How leades build value : using people, organization, and other intangibles to get bottom-line results
Cultural knowledge in organizations : exploring the collective mind
Reward culture and practices in the IT sector : the experiences and expectations towards work and its' rewards in a Finnish IT service company
Organizational culture and leadership
Communicating for managerial effectiveness : problems, strategies, solutions
Handbook on business process management. 2, Strategic alignment, governance, people and culture
Management of organizational culture in acquisition integration
Consultancy Skills for Mission and Ministry provides a readable handbook to doing consultancy in church based organisations. Many of those who exercise ministry in churches move into roles where they are expected to supervise and support ministers and church leaders in their work. Consultancy is an effective way of doing this and provides skills and theoretical frameworks for both those working explicitly as consultants to ministers and church workers and leaders as well as for officers in churches such as Archdeacons, Superintendents, Mission Officers, local church and regional development advisers or those involved in continuing professional development. Often people moving into these roles are not provided with the specific skills and knowledge they need. Other groups who will find this book useful will include consultants who operate in commercial, public and voluntary organisations but who need to know how to apply their skills in church settings and students on courses in consultancy.
Cross cultural analysis of the influence of humor on organizational dissent in the US, Korea, Japan, and China
Information systems in context : building a tool for analysing the sociotechnical context of organisational information systems
Handbook of business practices and growth in emerging markets
Creating WE : change I-thinking to we-thinking build a healthy, thriving organization
Exploring leadership : individual, organizational, and societal perspectives
The effects of culture and leadership styles on organizational performance
Leadership in symphony orchestras : discursive and aesthetic practices
Impact of organisational practices and language on an international business cooperation : the case of a German-Slovakian corporation
Organizational behavior
Same but different? The relationship between organizational culture and individual values: an exploratory study in Finland and Estonia
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Multiple challenges for professional intercultural competence. A case study of the experiences of Nokia Networks Oulu Unit personnell
Human resource research methods
Intra-organizational knowledge transfer in a Finnish multinational company
Assessing organizational culture in complex sociotechnical systems : methodological evidence from studies in nuclear power plant maintenance organizations
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
This thesis is a result of the writer’s own interest in project management and effective working. Project management should have been put into practice in the company but the change has been difficult. The objective of this thesis was to find the ways to improve the project working from the perspective of an ordinary designer. The company the thesis is made for is in a cultural change and the project management processes are brought into use. The study is made by participating in the project and observing the working. The writer has interviewed personnel from the various levels participating in the project. This information is compared to the theory and to the good practices. The results show that the organizational culture and the leadership have an essential impact on the project management implementing in the middle of the change of the culture. Working in the new way requires a great deal from the different parties in the company. The change begins from the company’s management and streams through the organization to the workers. Everyone needs to be committed, the change should be managed and controlled and truly brought into use.
Competing values leadership
Management control and organizational behaviour
Six Sigma-based change management program at Hotel Kämp
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook / Gerald W. Driskill, Angela Laird Brenton
Advances in business marketing and purchasing : Volume 16, Organizational culture, business-to-business relationships, and interfirm networks
Team players and teamwork : new strategies for developing successful collaboration
Merging for the future : orchestrated blending and the ambiguity of organizational culture
The Financial Times guide to management : how to make a difference and get results
Leading outside the lines : how to mobilize the (in)formal organization, energize your team, and get better results
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
From detective work to love affairs : case study on the development of organizational social network relations in the Finnish Institute in London
Acts of becoming : on the dialogic imagination of practice in organizations
Reforming the European Commission
It's my pleasure : the impact of extraordinary talent and a compelling culture
Constructing the best culture to perform
Essentials of organizational behavior
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Essentials of organizational behavior, Instructor's manual with test item file
Organisational behaviour for dummies
Creating a kaizen culture : align the organization, achieve breakthrough results, and sustain the gains
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
The nonprofit organizational culture guide : revealing the hidden truths that impact performance
Change is now so commonplace that people no longer talk in terms of the "whitewater epoch". Every sector of the economies of the developed world has experienced huge swathes of change in the last decade of the twentieth century alone. Increased global competition, aided and abetted by technological advances, has led many organizations to seek to re-invent themselves in the hope of being able to survive and thrive. In mature sectors in particular, where the pace of consolidation is accelerating, organizations have had little option but to grow through acquisition or be absorbed. Whether the change is labelled "continuous process improvement", "restructuring", "downsizing" or re-engineering", to employees, change usually brings with it added pressures, job insecurity and a consequent loss of commitment to the organization. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success argues that strategic change in the new millennium will be geared increasingly to achieving sustainable high performance, rather than just short-term gains. Most theorists now agree that the real challenge of change lies in gaining employees" willingness to commit to the change effort. Change leaders at every level need to be able to understand the elements at work in any change process, and to use judgement about the style of leadership required to give the change effort the best chance of success. Understanding Change: theory, implementation and success provides an overview of change and organizational theory, leading in particular to the author"s definition of the "input" elements of the high performance organisation, based on extensive research into UK and international organisations. It also contains a section looking at the management of change, with case studies illustrating approaches to managing change which are conducive to achieving sustainable high performance. In her companion book, The High Performance Organization- creating dynamic stability, the author explores some of the "how to"s" of building an organizational culture which is supportive of high performance in today"s challenging environment.
Cultural change in a business enterprise : studying a major organizational change and its impact on culture
Knowledge sharing behaviour in cross-border interpersonal relationships
Storytelling in organizations : facts fiction and fantasies
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook
Culture as innovation in vocational higher education
KEY FACTORS IN PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT : Employee point of view
Influence of corporate top management to safety culture : a literature survey
Power in organizations : proceedings of the First Annual Vanderbilt Sociology Conference, March 27-28 1969, Nashville, Tennessee
Organizational climate survey : OP-services
Improving project work in the middle of cultural change
Organizational culture & employee behavior
Organizational behavior : core concepts
Cases in organisational behaviour
The comparison of Finnish and Russian organisational culture and work habits
A discourse of legitimacy : critiquing the culture agenda in Finnish public broadcasting
The impact of organizational culture on knowledge creation processes
Consultancy skills for mission and ministry
The effects of information technology on job design at Hotel Kämp
Intercultural management and the process of international acquisitions : a study of Turkish firms
Estonianism in a Finnish organization : essays on culture, identity and otherness
The corporate culture survival guide
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Glow : how you can radiate energy, innovation and success
Case Wärtsilä : flerspråkighet i arbetssituationer = monikielisyys työtilanteissa = multilingualism in work situations
Principles of management
Ethics management in the European Commission : the young professionals’ perspective
Manager's guide to virtual teams
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
"Build on values to create a high-performing corporate culture Based on Ann Rhoades' years of experience with JetBlue, Southwest, and other companies known for their trailblazing corporate cultures, Built on Values reveals exactly how leaders can create winning environments that allow them to thrive. Companies that create or improve values-based cultures can become higher performers, both in customer and employee satisfaction and financial return. Features dynamic examples from Rhoades' work with JetBlue, Southwest, Disney, , Loma Linda University Hospitals, Doubletree Hotels, Juniper Networks, P.F. Chang's China Bistros and more Shows leaders how to develop a unique Values Blueprint that is tailored to their organizations and goals Clearly maps out how to hire, fire, and reward according to values--the keys to finding and retaining top talent Built on Values presents a clear and proven method to generate positive corporate culture change and ultimately increase any companies) bottom line."--
Crisis and renewal in one Finnish private school
The organizational culture perspective
Organisation development : metaphorical explorations
The role of ethical organizational culture in preventing sickness absence and turnover in organizations
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Errors in organizations
Management of knowledge-intensive companies
Office kaizen : transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
Culture and corporate governance
Organisational cultures in theory and practice
Bullish on uncertainty : how organizational cultures transform participants
Perceived success factors supporting the integration of service design into brand building work
Living moments in family meetings : a process study in the family business context
Built on values : creating an enviable culture that outperforms the competition
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Organizational behavior in education : leadership and school reform
Occupational subcultures in the workplace
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
Effects of Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series Standard and organizational learning on core competencies building
Intercultural communication issues in small and medium-sized foreign-owned companies in China
Understanding change : theory, implementation and success
Organizational health : integrated approach to building optimum performance
All good at Hacklin Logistics? : Personnel Survey Study
Good to great : why some companies make the leap...and others don't
The international handbook of organizational culture and climate
Budgeting and forecasting application development : an evaluation
Organizational cultures of Finnish hospitals in change
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Gender differences in absorbing the organisation culture of New College Durham
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Communication at work : management and the communication-intensive organization
Abstract.
Handbook of principles of organizational behavior : indispensable knowledge for evidence-based management
Understanding organizational change
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
The quest for well-being in growth industries : contexts, research design and methodological development
An introduction to organisational behaviour for managers and engineers : a group and multicultural approach
Organizational behaviour
Governance culture and development : a different perspective on corporate governance
Human resource management for the event industry
Hospitality leadership lessons in French gastronomy : the story of Guy and Franck Savoy
Lifelong learning travels : single actors' perception and talk of lifelong learning in a specific organizational context
Improving innovation culture in the front end : Case Ruukki Metals Oy
Supporting employee engagement with internal communication for high reliability
Development Plan For Multicultural Working Environment , A Case Study – Middle East
Orgnisational communication in a multinational corporation : a case study of communication between a Finnish headquarters and its Swedish subsidiary
Individual awareness and its effect on organization development and well-being
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
From Tools to Social Construction of Organizational Reality: Studying Value Dissemination in three Case Companies
The organisational culture and management of Finnish organisations in St. Petersburg : a multiple case study
Making sense of change management
The future of work : attract new talent, build better leaders, and create a competitive organization
The collective potential : a holistic approach to managing information flow in collaborative design and construction environments
Ethical organizational culture and person-organization fit
The silo effect : why every organisation needs to disrupt itself to survive
Human resource management in cross-border acquisitions : Cultural assessment and integration planning
Compassionate leadership : how to create and maintain engaged, committed & high-performing teams
The character of a corporation : how your company's culture can make or brake your business
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Governing change : how can ERP governance help us to reduce failure rates and promote efficiency in a constanly evolving modern business environment?
The leadership experience
Radical candor : how to be a kickass boss without losing your humanity
Leadership and management in service organisations
The ideal team player : how to recognize and cultivate the three essential virtues : a leadership fable
Corporate values guiding day-to-day work: A Case Study
The four cultures of the academy : insights and strategies for improving leadership in collegiate organizations
Diagnosing and changing organizational culture : based on the competing values framework
"Agility" is the ability to continuously adapt to rapidly changing circumstances, while "resilience" is being able to bounce back from setbacks. Resilience is essential if a company's benefits are to endure in the long run and if their employees' loyalty is to be kept.The Agile Organization focuses on how to build both agility and resilience at individual, team, and organizational levels. Author Linda Holbeche puts the process of developing agile strategy, structures, and processes into the big picture context.This book provides OD/HR practitioners with ways to be effective in a 24/7 business culture, to recognize and avoid the pitfalls of achieving agility without also building organizational resilience, and to understand the importance of involving people in transforming organizations for greater agility.Combining case studies, self-assessment tools, guidelines, and practical checklists with theory, Holbeche explains how to achieve organizational agility while also maintaining and enhancing employee engagement and resilience. "--
Differences in organizational cultures : a challenge for IT projects
Conflict and diversity
