http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15328 wishes
wishes
Two caravans
Templeton gets his wish
20 fragments of a ravenous youth
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
Rich girl poor girl
Phorn phieng phrakaandiou = Only one wish
Love on delivery = Fra Thailand til Thy ; Ticket to Paradise = Fra Thy til Thailand
Children of the lamp. [3] : The cobra king of Kathmandu
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
How expectancies shape experience
The pearl
Christmas magic
Wishes Fulfilled : Mastering the Art of Manifesting
Sugarlump and the Unicorn
Arousal : the secret logic of sexual fantasies
Under pressure : rescuing our children from the culture of hyper-parenting
Daughter of smoke and bone
Charlotte's piggy bank
The engagements : a novel
Nick Mack's good luck
A Christmas wish
Becoming an adult : possibilities and limitations - dreams and fears
Four children and it
Daughter of smoke & bone
Little Stars : a Hetty Feather adventure
Snow bunny's Christmas wish
Philippa Fisher and the dream maker's daughter
There's a spell up my nose
Finnish dive tourism : Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad
Porvoo and the whole region of Itä-Uusimaa is constantly growing and becoming a more and more important factor in the metropolitan area. To meet future demands a new campus is going to be built in Porvoo in 2010. The planning work is being done in co-operation with the city of Porvoo, two universities of applied sciences, i.e. Laurea and HAAGA-HELIA, and Posintra, a regional development company. The aim of the thesis was to find out what expectations international students had on the new campus. Data were collected by means of questionnaires consisting of relevant questions. The questionnaire included open questions and the students could freely respond and express their own thoughts. The theoretical framework of the thesis comprises three main fields: Itä-Uusimaa as a region, campuses in general and HAAGA-HELIA from the international viewpoint. The region was described and a swot analysis was made of it. Campuses in general were discussed and some examples on both domestic and international campuses were presented. There is also information on HAAGA-HELIA and its international activities. The questionnaire was handed to the first, second and third year international students who study at HAAGA-HELIA Porvoo. The third year students were not that eager to answer the questionnaire. The reason to that was that they are about to graduate and will therefore not study at HAAGA-HELIA in 2010. After analysing the answers from the respondents it was clear that the students wanted the New Porvoo Campus 2010 to be big enough, with a bigger library, bigger cafeteria with a larger number of seats, and with dormitories within the area of the new campus. When asked about the free time activities and hobbies most of the respondents wanted to find a gym and also space to practice different sports like football and basketball.
Lost everything
Eric : a novel of Discworld
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Eric : a Discworld novel
Living aspirations and holiday dreams
The faery's gift
Goldfish from beyond the grave
The spin
Use your imagination
This thesis was carried out in cooperation with the Finnish Divers' Federation. The research problem was to find out Finnish scuba divers' opinions on diving activities in Finland and abroad. The objective was to get up-to-date research-based information on potential dive tourists' needs and expectations, enabling the development of dive tourism to coincide with the research results. The theoretical part of this research was made regarding both Finnish and foreign studies relating to dive tourism, literature relating to sports tourism and producing tourism services as well as statistics on Finnish leisure travel. Quantitative research was chosen as the research method for this study. An online questionnaire was sent by e-mail to 4033 members of the Finnish Divers' Federation. The questionnaire was also published on the web pages of the Federation and Snorkkeli.net. 642 answers were accepted to form the empirical data. The questionnaire was created and the data analyzed with Webropol software. One of the essential outcomes of this research was that the Finnish divers form a very heterogeneous group. Diving has increased its popularity, especially among women, families with children, senior citizens and physically disabled people. According to this research, instead of commercial dive operators Finns prefer the services of dive associations for their inexpensive prices and the sense of community. Finns make many self-planned dive holidays, but they also use travel operators' package deals when more convenient. Finns are very price-quality conscious customers whose destination choices are guided by recommendations from familiar divers, Internet forums and companies' web pages. They demand plenty from their dive operator: expertise, reliability, dive safety and green values that prevent the deterioration of the dive sites. The domestic destination favourites were the Archipelago Sea, Åland Island and Hanko; foreign favourites were Norway, Egypt, Mexico, Indonesia, Thailand and Australia. The research demonstrated that the supply of dive holidays as it is now does not meet the demand. Dive operators should offer their services in the future with more economical prices and to more destinations; they should also take into consideration the needs of different groups of clients. However, the future of dive holidays is looking good. As more people take up diving, more dive destinations are discovered, dive operators get specialized and services get better. As our world keeps globalizing and technology keeps developing, new possibilities, new experiences and exoticness will become available for scuba divers.
The odd life of Timothy Green
Philippa Fisher and the stone fairy's promise
Rabbit's wish
Don't you forget about me
Great expectations : imagination and anticipation in tourism
Freddie and the fairy
Santa Claus : the magical world of father christmas
One wish
The snowman's wish
The best friend wish
Play, dreams and imitation in childhood
I wish I was an alien
Arthur Chrismas : the movie storybook
Porvoo Campus and the international students' expectations
Katie McGinty wants a pet
Children of the lamp. [1] : The Akhenaten adventure
Meg's wish
Batmouse
Caribou island : a novel
Dear Santa : [the best letters ever written to Father Christmas]
The three wishes
What Mona wants, Mona gets
Be careful what you wish for
Freddie and the Fairy
Children of the lamp. [4] : The day of the Djinn warriors
Psychology of expectations
Bunny wishes
A Cinderella story : if the shoe fits
Children of the lamp. [2] : The blue djinn of Babylon
The perfect pony wish
The house of mirth
On desire : why we want what we want
The sculptor
Soumchi
Foreign, Gods, Inc
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
World Cup wishes
Void's enigmatic mansion. 1
One b1g thing : discovering what you were born to do
Baxter's book
Magnetizing your heart's desire
Saving desire : the seduction of Christian theology
Sally gets a job
Blue bottle mystery : an Asperger mystery
Starlight adventure
Visioning : ten steps to designing the life of your dreams
Castle in the air
The Land of Do-As-You-Please : a Faraway Tree adventure
Could I do that?
The wish list
Tiny rabbit's big wish
