http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15308 spirituality (mental qualities)
spirituality (mental qualities)
The secret of your immortal self : key lessons for realizing the divinity within
Conscious evolution : awakening the power of our social potential
The spiritual dimension : religion, philosophy, and human value
Kindling the native spirit : sacred practices for everyday life
Remember who you are : remember 'where' you are and where you 'come' from : remember
Skilful means : a concept in Mahayana Buddhism
Black Elk's religion : Sun Dance and Lakota Catholicism
A psychology of body, soul & spirit : anthroposophy, psychosophy & pneumatosophy : twelve lectures, Berlin, October 23-27, 1909, November 1-4, 1910, December 12-16, 1911
A life at work : the joy of discovering what you were born to do
Spirituality in nursing : standing on holy ground
The Spiritual Dimension offers a new model for the philosophy of religion, bringing together emotional and intellectual aspects of our human experience, and embracing practical as well as theoretical concerns. It shows how a religious worldview is best understood not as an isolated set of doctrines, but as intimately related to spiritual praxis and to the search for self-understanding and moral growth. It argues that the religious quest requires a certain emotional openness, but can be pursued without sacrificing our philosophical integrity. Touching on many important debates in contemporary philosophy and theology, but accessible to general readers, The Spiritual Dimension covers a range of central topics in the philosophy of religion, including scientific cosmology and the problem of evil; ethical theory and the objectivity of goodness; psychoanalytic thought, self-discovery and virtue; the multi-layered nature of religious discourse; and the relation between faith and evidence.
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
Religion, spirituality and identity
The Seer
The chakra kitchen : feed your body to nourish your spirit
From despair to faith : the spirituality of Søren Kierkegaard
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
The great waves of change : navigating the difficult times ahead
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
In Tears to Triumph, the author argues that we-as a culture and as individuals-have learned to avoid facing pain. By doing so, we are neglecting the spiritual work of healing. Instead of allowing ourselves to embrace our hurt, we numb it, medicate it, dismiss it, or otherwise divert our attention so that we never have to face it. In refusing to acknowledge our suffering, we actually prolong it and deny ourselves the opportunity for profound wisdom-ultimately limiting our personal growth and opportunity for enlightenment. Frozen by denial, we are left standing in the breech. Whole industries profit from this immobility, and while they have grown rich, we have become spiritually poorer. As Marianne makes clear, true healing and transcendence can only come when we finally face our pain and wrestle with what it has to teach us. Written with warm compassion and profound wisdom, Tears to Triumph offers us a powerful way forward through the pain, to a deeper awareness of our feelings, our lives, and our true selves.
Lighting the lamp : the spiritual dimension of nursing care
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Koli National Park: Eden Revisited?
Visions of a universal humanity
Kabbalah : the power to change everything
Tears to triumph : the spiritual journey from suffering to enlightenment
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles and belief
Third Jesus : how to find truth and love in today's world
New religiosity in contemporary Sweden : the Dalarna study in national and international context
Hymns to an unknown God : awakening the spirit in everyday life
Grace, guidance & gifts : sacred blessings to light your way
The greatness of Saturn : a therapeutic mythic
"That is why I gave in to age my competitive ability but not my soul!" : a spiritual journey in endurance running
Archangels 101 : how to connect closely with archangels Michaelm Raphael, Gabriel, Uriel, and others for healing, protection, and guidance
Spirituality in social work practice : narratives for professional helping
Bail yourself out  : how you can emerge strong from the world crisis
Zen and the art of knitting : exploring the links between knitting, spirituality, and creativity
The encounter of man and nature : the spiritual crisis of modern man
H is for hawk
Sage-ing while age-ing
In the company of Rilke : why a 20th-century visionary poet speaks so eloquently to 21st-century readers
The mystic philosophy of Sant Mat
The face of God : the Gifford lectures 2010
The mission of art
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
This very readable brief guide examines a wide range of spiritual writing that can be read for enjoyment or inspiration, including some books that come from beyond any religious tradition. While written from within the Christian tradition, and offering introductions to the writings of medieval mystics, Quakers and modern evangelists, both Protestant and Catholic, it also looks at classics of secular spirituality and writings from different religious traditions. Each book is explained to convey a brief idea of what each one has to offer the interested reader, while a 'Speed Read' for each book delivers a quick sense of what each writer is like to read and a highly compressed summary of the main points of the book in question. This is an excellent reference to dip into, but within sections such as Early Christian Classics, Secular Texts, Lives of Inspiration and Alternative Approaches, the books are arranged chronologically, revealing some interesting juxtapositions and connections between them.
"The beautiful soul" : spiritual and ideological conceptions of perfection in Oscar Wilde's A house of pomegranates
Ihmiskunnan herääminen = Humanity ascending. Part 1 : Our story
The laughing Jesus : religious lies and Gnostic wisdom
Education in the new age
The attention revolution : unlocking the power of the focused mind
The oneness of the eastern heart and the western mind : Part I. 1, The oneness of the eastern heart and western mind
The great work of your life : a guide for the journey to your true calling
The white hole in time ; The global brain ; From science to God
Spirituality and aging
One day the shadow passed
The keys to the universe : access the ancient secrets by attuning to the power of wisdom of the cosmos
The wisdom of the enneagram : the complete guide to psychological and spiritual growth for the nine personality types
Meditation in action
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Kerouac, the word and the way : prose artist as spiritual quester
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
The spiritual revolution : why religion is giving way to spirituality
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Looking in the distance : the human search for meaning
The art of meditation
Children, spirituality, loss and recovery
The Mystery Schools of Egypt, Greece, and Rome understood that vibration is the fundamental active force in the universe and developed specific chants and tones for healing the mind, body, and spirit and achieving altered states of consciousness. Overtone chanting--also called vocal harmonics--is the ability of the human voice to create two or more notes at the same time. Healing Soundsexplains how to perform vocal harmonics and experience their transformative and curative powers. An internationally recognized master teacher, the author provides diverse examples of sound healing systems incorporating both mystical and medical traditions--from Tibetan monks' use of tantric harmonics to Dr. Alfred Tomatis' use of Gregorian chanting--and their capacity to affect us on all levels. With many easy-to-follow exercises, Healing Soundsis the first book to show from both the scientific and spiritual viewpoints how to use the transformative power of sound for healing on physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual levels.
How enlightement change your brain : the new science of transformation
Dance, somatics and spiritualities : contemporary sacred narratives
Archangels 101 : how to connect closely with archangels Michael, Raphael, Uriel, Gabriel and others for healing, protection and guidance
Sincerity's shadow : self-consciousness in British Romantic and mid-twentieth-century American poetry
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
Healing yourself : the true relationship between mind and body
The web of light : a spiritual adventure
Northrop Frye and American fiction
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
The soul of leadership : unlocking your potential for greatness
The power of your spirit : a guide to joyful living
Transition to the golden age in 2032
Listening below the noise
Secular and spiritual values : grounds for hope in education
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
Quantum change : when epiphanies and sudden insights transform ordinary lives
Never mind : a journey into non-duality
Experiencing religion : new approaches to personal religiosity
Spirituality and social work
The oneness of the eastern heart and the western mind : Part III. 3, The oneness of the eastern heart and western mind
The road less traveled : a new psychology of love, traditional values and spiritual growth
Goddesses in older women : archetypes in women over fifty
Haiku  : the sacred art : a spiritual practice in three lines
Spiritual intelligence at work : meaning, metaphor, and morals
A correspondence with nature : an exploration of the natural environment in the works of Ralph Waldo Emerson
Maitreya's teachings : the laws of life
From chaos to harmony : the solution to the global crisis according to the wisdom of Kabbalah
The divine matrix : bridging time, space, miracles, and belief
When a solid gold reliquary missing from a church in Belgium suddenly resurfaces in America, a young newspaperman begins to investigate the story. At first, it seems like just another case of a treasure stolen during World War II that has resurfaced. But it soon becomes apparent that much more is at stake.  Hidden within the medieval reliquary is a gold box that holds a sacred relic--a single finger bone--from an anonymous saint. Why would the remains of someone unknown to the Church be considered holy? The search for answers leads to a shocking discovery--a dangerous secret known only to a small band of people. If one touches the reliquary, a sacred vision is received--a vision involving a young girl who had a chance encounter with Jesus just before he was crucified.  The few people who have been blessed with these miraculous messages have banded together into a mysterious school, a closed society that preserves this venerated wisdom. But their knowledge of the young girl and Jesus is at once so fascinating yet so highly controversial that it cannot be shared with the world. This young girl, curious about the charismatic man named Jesus, embarks on a quest to find out who he really was. What she finds--the knowledge the society protects--is at times far different from the accepted gospels. Could this unknown girl be the 13th Disciple--the last and truest apostle of Christ?
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Spirituality and occupational therapy
Revolution in Poetic Consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 2, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of Interiority : the ethos of the numinous
Healing in golden Atlantis
Living, loving, and loss : the interplay of intimacy, sexuality, and grief
The immune system of the soul : the journey from awereness to realization to transformation and freedom from all dis - ease
One : the movie : a contemporary journey toward a timeless destiny
Love and death in Edith Wharton's fiction
Spirituality - beyond the boundaries of physics, psychology and biology?
Origins of man and the universe : the myth that came to life
The 13th disciple : a spiritual adventure
Change your thoughts, change your life : living the wisdom of the Tao : commentaries on the Tao te Ching by Lao tzu
Reality, spirituality and modern man
Observing theatre : spirituality and subjectivity in the performing arts
Super brain : unleashing the explosive power of your mind to maximize health, happiness, and spiritual well-being
Building bridges : some views on human spirituality
Messages from Maitreya the Christ : one hundred forty messages
The Tibetan art of living : wise body, wise mind, wise life
The oneness of the eastern heart and the western mind : Part II. 2, The oneness of the eastern heart and western mind
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
The spiritual rules of engagement : how Kabbalah can help your soul mate find you
The masters and their retreats
Zen effects : the life of Alan Watts
Why people don't heal and how they can
In the light of truth : the Grail message. 1
