http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1531 biolaw
biolaw
SARS and human rights in a postmodern context : a case study of Toronto
A theory of unborn life : from abortion to genetic manipulation
Technology transfer in biotechnology : a global perspective
Biotechnology and the challenge of property : property rights in dead bodies, body parts, and genetic information
Mason & McCall Smith's law and medical ethics
The Cambridge companion to Christian ethics
"The concepts of humanity, human dignity and mankind have emerged in different contexts across international law and biolaw. This raises many different questions. What are the aims for which 'humanity' is mobilised? How do these aims affect the ensuing interpretations of this concept? What are the negative counterparts of humanity, mankind and human dignity? And what happens if a concept developed in one particular context is taken up in another? By bringing together research from international law, biolaw and legal theory, this volume answers such questions by analysing how the concepts overlap and contradict each other across the disciplines. The result is not an examination of what humanity is but rather what it does and what it brings about in a variety of contexts"--
Body parts : property rights and the ownership of human biological materials
Innovation and liability in biotechnology : transnational and comparative perspectives
Standard of care : the law of American bioethics
Critical interventions in the ethics of healthcare : challenging the principle of autonomy in bioethics
Principles of biomedical ethics
The role of intellectual property rights in biotechnology innovation
Disability, difference, discrimination : perspectives on justice in bioethics and public policy
The data protection directive and medical research across Europe
Human rights and biomedicine
Cultural rights and wrongs : a collection of essays in  commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
Autonomy, informed consent and medical law : a relational challenge
Ethical eye : cloning
Involuntary detention and therapeutic jurisprudence : international perspectives on civil commitment
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
Study on the patenting of inventions related to human stem cell research
Natural and unnatural : animal welfare and rights activists' representations of animals and animal biotechnology in Italy
Governing biobanks : understanding the interplay between law and practice
The stored tissue issue : biomedical research, ethics, and law in the era of genomic medicine
New governance in context : evaluating the EU biofuels regime
Suffering and dignity in the twilight of life
Bioethics and biolaw : Vol. 2 : four ethical principles
Understanding bioethics and the law : the promises and perils of the brave new world of biotechnology
Intellectual property and biotechnology : biological inventions
Open consent - a new form of informed consent for population genetic databases
Yours today, mine tomorrow? : a study of women and men's negotiations over resources in Baltistan, Pakistan
Medical law and ethics
The central aims of the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, and legal implications in Finland
Applied ethics at the turn of the millenium : proceedings of the 19th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of law and Social Philosophy (IVR) New York, June 24-30, 1999
Textbook on medical law
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Bringing life to ethics : global bioethics for a humane society
Humanity across international law and biolaw
Bioethics and biolaw : Vol. 1 : judgement of life
Forensic DNA biology : a laboratory manual
Rationality and the genetic challenge : making people better?
Biotechnologies and international human rights
The European Patent Office's case law on the patentability of biotechnology inventions
Natural resources and social institutions : workshop proceedings
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
This volume argues that legislation on abortion, adultery, and rape has been central to the formation of the modern citizen. The author draws on rights literature, bio-political scholarship, and a gender-studies perspective as a foundation for rethinking the sovereign relationship. In approaching the politicization of reproductive space from this direction, the study resituates the role of rights and rights-granting within the sovereign relationship. A second theme running throughout the book explores the international implications of these arguments and addresses the role of abortion, adultery and rape legislation in constructing 'civilizational' relationships. In focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Turkey, France and Italy as case studies, Miller presents a discussion of what 'Europe' is, and the role of sexuality and reproduction in defining it.
Ethics and law in biological research
Biotechnological inventions : moral restraints and patent law
Translational stem cell research : issues beyond the debate on the moral status of the human embryo
International survey of laws on assisted procreation / Recueil international de lois sur la procréation assistée / réuni et édité par Jan Stepan
But in this twilight our choices seal our fate : the interplay of autonomy and dignity in defining the international legal response to the beginning of life
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
Human genome patents : ethics of benefit sharing
Mason and McCall Smith's law and medical ethics
Biomedical technology and human rights
Biotechnology : a multi-volume comprehensive treatise. Volume 12, Legal, economic and ethical dimensions
Biojurisprudence? a comment to professor Tokarczyk : Book reviews & comments
The ethics and governance of human genetic databases : European perspectives
A collection of forensic DNA typing laboratory experiments designed for academic and training courses at the collegiate level.
Embryo research in pluralistic Europe
Six decades of damped motion : UNESCO's fight for a world free of discrimination
Human dignity in bioethics and biolaw
Medical ethics and law : the core curriculum
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
Evolution and morality
Intellectual property, technology transfer and genetic resources : an OECD survey of current practices and policies
Intellectual property in science
Principles of international biolaw : seeking common ground at the intersection of bioethics and human rights
Law and medical ethics
A history of patenting life in the United States with comparative attention to Europe and Canada
Property in the body : feminist perspectives
The Biodiversity Convention : a negotiating history : a personal account of negotiating the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity - and after
Biodiversity & human rights : the international rules for the protection of biodiversity
Protecting indigenous knowledge : an international law analysis
Intellectual property and emerging technologies : the new biology
Animal rights : what everyone needs to know
Patents for chemicals, pharmaceuticals, and biotechnology : fundamentals of global law, practice, and strategy
The future of international environmental law
Ethical eye : biomedical research
Group of advisers on the ethical implications of biotechnology to the European Commission
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
A legal method and tools for evaluating the effectiveness of regulation : safeguarding forest biodiversity in Finland
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Contemporary issues in law, medicine and ethics
Principles of medical law. Fourth cumulative supplement, Bringing the main text up to date to 1 September 2001
Women's rights and bioethics
Nordic health law in a European context : welfare state perspectives on patients' rights and biomedicine
The law-medicine relation : a philosophical exploration
Patents for chemicals, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology : fundamentals of global law, practice and strategy
Human dignity in bioethics and law
Genes for the future : discovery, ownership, access
Property law. Volume 2
Informed choice of medical services : is the law just?
Das Menschenrechtsübereinkommen zur Biomedizin des Europarates : taugliches Vorbild für eine weltweit geltende Regelung? = The Convention on Human Rights and biomedicine of the Council of Europe : a suitable model for world-wide regulation?
Biotech patents : equivalence and exclusions under European and U.S. patent law
The sense of justice : biological foundations of law
Comparative Conference on Planning and Environmental Law : 5th March 1999
The limits of bodily integrity : abortion, adultery, and rape legislation in comparative perspective
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
