http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15344 distribution channels
distribution channels
Distribution channel management in Russia for consumer electronics
Tourism supply chain management
Adjustment of mode of operations on the German market : case: MammuttiHirsi
Maximizing the buying volumes of company X
Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg : market opportunities for the Seniori product group of Kiteen Huonekalutehdas Oy
Case Tupla : accomplishing a withdrawal and determining the ages of the withdrawn products
Finding a distributor in the German markets: a case study
Inventory management : principles and practices
The strategy of distribution management
Distribution channel decisions for garment wholesalers : a case study for Weddings Art in Western European markets
Integrating the export distribution channels after an acquisition
Principles of marketing channel management : interorganizational distribution design and relations
Abstarct: The distribution and packaging of food products in the market of St. Petersburg, Russia : case company Polar Shiitake Oy.
Marketing for hospitality and tourism / Philip Kotler, James C. Makens, John T. Bowen
Marketing in the hospitality industry
Marketing for tourism
Marketing channels : a management view
Potential of the German fish market for Hätälä Oy
Distribution channels : understanding and managing channels to market
Recommendations for the compatible stacking of crates
Developing the transportation process at Metso Minerals Inc, Tampere Works
Developments in export marketing
Excellence in supply chain management : how to understand and improve supply chains
Intermediate retail & distribution
Sales and distribution channels and trade fairs for health care technology for Valkee Oy in Austria
Inside book publishing
Improving warehouse activities through product positioning using abc-analysis
Fix Your Supply chain : how to create a sustainable lean improvment roadmap
Marketing channels : a relationship management approach
The role of channel functions in an international distributions in an international distribution channel
Guide to supply chain management
The impact of distribution strategy on product delivery : case study of Tabson Gases Nigeria Limited
Abstract: The purpose of this thesis was to create a distributor evaluation model with measurable criteria for a Finnish manufacturing company, which conducts marketing, distribution and after-sales activities in export markets through independent distributors. The company is considering entering new markets and one of the major questions the company has encountered in the market entry phase is: How to evaluate and rank the distributor candidates?  The conceptual framework of the thesis compromised of three parts: Theoretical part, qualitative research and final outcome of the thesis. The theoretical part was built on literature and other sources on distribution management, supply chain management and relationship management. They suggest that relationships are the company's most important asset and that proper risk evaluation, both financial and operational, in the partner selection is necessary as being prepared for problems is more efficient than spending precious time in solving problems ad-hoc.  The empirical research was conducted in three phases. First, the researcher interviewed the sales management in the case company about their expectations for an ideal distributor. The second part was to benchmark successful exporters on their processes in selecting, evaluation and maintaining relationships with their distributors. The third part included the introduction of Analytical Hierarchy Process into a distributor selection process. The Analytic hierarchy process is based on human's ability to make decisions on small problems. Based on the case company's expectations and results from benchmarked companies, an ideal distributor profile was drawn. The profile was finally processed using AHP-online software and an evaluation tool with weight of the criteria was created. The tool was tested by submitting information on candidates that the case company previously evaluated when they searched for a distributor in Russia during 2013. The AHP-process demonstrated much clearer difference between the alternatives and changed final ranking order between positions 2 and 3 compared to the original result.  An ideal distributor is an expert in the industry, has an existing customer base and a variety of completing products to serve the target group. Finally, desire and motivation strives distributor to success. Passivation of a distributor is a most common obstacle that exporters face in their distributor relationships. Regular communication and close relationships help to maintain information exchange and sales on desired level.
Managing channels of distribution
Digital Music Distribution Channels for Independent Bands
Distribution : a practical guide to planning and operation
The political economy paradigm in the research on distribution channels : state of the art
Electronic channels for small and independent hotels in Helsinki region
International industrial purchasing : channels, interaction, and governance structures
The topic Sales and Distribution Channels for the thesis was suggested by tutor teacher and after having meeting with commissioner of the company ValkeeOy the finalized topic was chosen to be Sales and Distribution Channels/ Trade Fairs for Healthcare Technology in Austria. The main purpose of the research was to find out possible and suitable sales and distribution channels, trade fair for healthcare technology for the company in order to sell the product to Austrian markets. The thesis consists of two major parts, which are Sales & Distribution Channels and Trade Fairs for Healthcare Technology. Secondary research method was selected for the thesis as required by the company. Going to Austria personally could be an impossible task to collect information about all the target companies. Internet sources were easy and relatively accessible to find out most recent information about the required research. The possible suitable sales and distribution channels/ trade fairs for healthcare technology were sorted through different categories for the product line of Valkee Oy. The contact information of suitable companies in Austria has been provided for the company to contact. With the research done it is expected that the case company will be able to find out new channels to sell and market their product in Austria and also get new business partners as well.
Exporting to Finland : a guide book for Zambian agricultural & processed food products : exporters; using coffee and honey as case products : client: Export Board of Zambia (EBZ)
Post-harvest fish loss assessment in small-scale fisheries : a guide for the extension officer
Improving relationship quality in distribution channels : case Kickbike: relationship marketing in the supplier-retailer context
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Development of distribution system for cast iron products in Finland
Development of tourism packages and selecting the distribution channel : case: Tammela
Distributor evaluation model for new markets
Business continuity management : guidance on supply chain continuity : PD 25222:2011
The role of the Internet as a hotel distribution channel
Supply chain management with SAP APOTM : structures, modelling approaches and implementation of SAP SCMTM 2008
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Reseller support and effective communication as performance enhancers in international marketing channels
Marketing and distribution of a featured movie in Finland and internationally : case company: X-Max Productions
International software distribution : selecting suitable channels for business software products
Distribution logistics : advanced solutions and practical problems
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2008 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, 2008
Distribution channels [Elektroninen aineisto] : understanding and managing channels to market
Feasibility study for marketing Newtest Cholesterol and Bone Health Monitors : in Spanish sport sector
Potentials of Chinese cosmetic market
Principles of contemporary marketing
Strategic marketing channel management
Creating Retail Business in the German Market for Slash Proof Gear : Case Oy Pomaco Ab
Marketing channels
Wholesale distribution channels : new insights and perspectives
Distribution channels for ink blades in Germany : case: Veslatec Oy
Who captures value in global supply chains? / : case Nokia N95 Smartphone
International transport flows in the Finnish food industry
Promotional strategy for a small importing company in the Finnish snack food market
Developing Distribution Channels for the Chinese Textile Industry
Who captures value in global supply chains? : case Nokia N95 smartphone
Developing internal and external partnerships for Bio-Teho Oy
Principles of supply chain management : a balanced approach
A supply decision procedure for the distribution of magazines
The distribution trap : keeping your innovations from becoming commodities
Direct retailing as an international distribution channel : Case: Reima-Tutta Oy
Scheduling in supply chains using mixed integer programming
Distribution channel design in international context : case Nethawk
Entry strategies for entering  the U.S. market : case - Emfit Oy
How to import wine : an insider's guide
Development of efficient B2B distribution channels for cargo fastening equipment in Russia : case: Mira Trading Company
Supply chain integration : studies on linking customer responsiveness and operational efficiency in logistics policy planning
Global distribution systems (GDSs) in the tourism industry : draft : a study prepared for WTO
Product Market Analysis : Market potential of Nepalese carpets in Finland
Marketing : an introductory text
The safety of food in global food supply chains : focus on EU requirements concerning food safety
Hotel and food service marketing : a managerial approach
The role of distribution channel in marketing of consumer goods : a case study of Nigeria Bottling company
Analyzing the supply chain at Columbia Sportswear Company
Modern processing, packaging and distribution systems for food
Developing a Holiday Package in Swedish Lapland
Vietnamese confectionery market analysis and entry plan : case: Candyking Finland Oy
Cross-country skiing wear market and distribution  in Finland : Case: Sportful
Different faces of the Japanese distribution system : low voltage AC drives
Services  : marketing, operations, and management
Developing distribution channels for the chinese textile industry
An introduction to revenue management for the hospitality industry : principles and practices for the real world
Heuristic assessment of the structure of distribution systems
Potentials of Chinese Cosmetic market
Logistics and distribution planning : strategies for management
Market of children clothes : distribution channels (Moscow and St. Petersburg)
Challenges in the entry to the Swedish food supplement market : Market characteristics and pharmacy distribution channel from the viewpoint of suppliers
Music industry's business models in the digital era focused on indie artists : a study case
Marketing channel strategy
Channel optimization in vertical marketing systems
Business Briefing : Global Purchasing and Supply Chain Management
Competition and evolution in the distributive trades
Strategies and tactics in supply chain event management
International distribution channel strategies for service products : case study research on Internet of Things enabled innovative B2B services
Network marketing - a global home based business opportunity
Tiivistelmä: Distibution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market.
The new distribution channels on the music market : effects, consenquences and issues of changes
Abstract: Furniture distribution and cooperation with local distributors in St. Petersburg.
Establishing and managing marketing channels in niche markets
Customer service and distribution strategy
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Achieving strategic advantages in buyer-supplier relationships
Advances in distribution channel research. Volume 1
Market and customer analysis for an international brand
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Critical success factors for gaining competitive advantage with value-added services in logistics sector
The objective of this study is to find out how marketing and distribution of a featured film is carried out by Finnish producers domestically and internationally. Another objective is to learn how the marketing and distribution of a motion picture is done in general and what the term “marketing and distribution of a featured film” really entails. One outcome is to come up with practical suggestions for the case company regarding the marketing and distribution of their movie in Finland and internationally, based on comparative cases of domestic filmmakers. The theoretical framework was based on various relevant books and articles. Theoretical concepts that I mention in my Thesis relate to the following key points: essentials of qualitative research methods, marketing mix and relationship marketing, licensing, total relationship marketing, and others. The study was carried out in the form of secondary data collection, as well as in the form of qualitative data gathering. Data was collected through semi-structured, in-depth, convergent interviewing. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results of this study indicated that Finnish filmmakers use domestic/Scandinavian distributors for the local film distribution and a foreign sales agent for international films. The results also indicated that local distributors develop marketing campaigns of their own in a given country, which commonly include print and media ads, trailers, press-conferences, all of which largely depend on the marketing budget. In addition, independent and new filmmakers face the challenge of conducting marketing and distribution practices by themselves, using their own resources. In conclusion, X-Max Productions has to carefully evaluate the findings of this study and take into consideration “the newcomer” scenario, where X-Max Productions will have to finance its first movie with its own resources and then at some point of the film production send out DVDs to potential distributors, international sales agents and to potential film festivals and markets.
Developing marketing and distribution of Finnish Association of World Shops
Distribution channel structure change of Outokumpu Oyj
Excellence in supplier management : how to better manage contracts with suppliers and add value : best practices in supplier relationship management and supplier development
Shrinkage : introducing a collaborative approach to reducing stock loss in the supply chain
The reality of reality TV / : reality show business plans
Distribution channel management : case : corporate contract customers of Sokos Hotels
Mathematical models of distribution channels
Choosing the best distribution channel(s) for a golf DVD in Russia : a case company: Point Alvin Oy
Do current trends in the wholesale industry support Onninen's development of service concepts
Cambridge marketing handbook : distribution : models of business processes and practice : a marketing perspective
How to re-enter the market in Iran
The thesis explores the way small and independent hotels in Helsinki region utilise and manage their distribution channels through the Internet. It focuses on the problems of selection, management, evaluation and development of these distribution channels, and strives to bring implications to managers in the hotel industry.   The Internet and its application in marketing is a contemporary subject of interest in many fields of study, and the hotel industry is no exception. Nevertheless, distribution in small and independent hotels is considerably different from large accommodation businesses, and tends to receive less attention in research. In addition to the need to conduct research on the subject, the personal interest due to recent work experience in online marketing were motivations for the completion of this thesis.  Methodology used for this research was a multiple case study using interviews, due to its qualitative nature. Four small and independent hotels in the Helsinki region were chosen to provide sufficient data for further analysis. However, due to the limited amount of time to complete the thesis in time, all interviews were conducted within two weeks.   Results showed that small and independent hotels in Helsinki region are inclined to using indirect channels, which may be increasing costs in commissions and fees. Channel management would also need further evaluation and development to provide efficiency in distribution for small and independent hotels.
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Russian market survey for Bio Option Oy : Moscow and St. Petersburg distribution channels and skin care product market
Sales and distribution management
Quick response : managing the supply chain to meet consumer demand
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
The importance of loyal channel intermediaries to improve brand awareness : case Montreal Sports Oy
Direct-2-fan business model in music business
Marketing oppurtunities in Finland for telephone-based interpretation service in China
Distribution and consumer behaviour in St. Petersburg loudspeaker market : exploring the demand for Avalanche loudspeakers
The main goal of this engineering thesis was to examine Tupla chocolate bar's route from manufacturer to consumer. The length of this transportation is interesting since the Tupla bar is food and therefore, will eventually expire. In February of 2003 there was carried out a withdrawal because of a misstaste found in Tupla. The Best Before  dates on the returned products reveal how old products there are for sale. A survey was also arranged to find out how the withdrawal was experienced both at Leaf Oy and at the cooperating companies this project concerned. The results of the survey were analyzed.
An integrated methodology for design of distribution chain
The distribution and packaging of food products in the market of St. Petersburg, Russia : case company Polar Shiitake Oy
Amer Sports Suomi Oy : market opportunities for new Salomon Viia -collection
