http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15329 animal poems
animal poems
The penguin in lost property
Down by the cool of the pool
Beastly tales from here and there
Zoo of dreams
Carmina Gadelica : hymns and incantations : with illustrative notes on words, rites, and customs, dying and obsolete : orally collected in the highlands and islands of Scotland. Volume 4
Reynard the Fox : social engagement and cultural metamorphoses in the beast epic from the Middle Ages to the present
And kangaroo played his didgeridoo
The highway rat
The bear cult in Finno-Ugrian folk poetry and in the Kalevala
Goat goes to playgroup
Dirty beasts
TERÄVÄ SIVELLIN
This little piggy :  30 favourite songs and rhymes about animals on 1 CD
The carnival of the animals : poems inspired by Saint-Saen̈s' music
Please, Mr Crocodile! : poems about animals
The fox and the hare : an odd couple
Sutherland : Apollinaire
The big animal songbook
The animals' world : environmentally-friendly poems & facts for children and adults
Crocodiles are the best animals of all!
The Gruffalo's Wean
The incredible worm
Children's treasury : fairy tales, nursery rhymes & nonsense verse
The complete nonsense book
Bear's loose tooth
Mr. Brown can moo! Can you?
Bees and honey in the Kalevala : beliefs and insights
The terrible plop
Class two at the zoo
This little piggy : 30 favourite songs and rhymes about animals on 1 CD
Bear's new friend
With the help of an old man and all of her animals, an old lady realizes that her house is not as small as she thought it was.
The lion and the mouse
I never saw a purple cow and other nonsense rhymes
A squash and a squeeze
Axel Scheffler's flip flap farm
Golden King of the Forest : the lore of the northern bear
Axel Scheffler's flip flap safari /[illustrations Axel Scheffler]
Contains sixty fables by seventeenth-century French poet, Jean de La Fontaine including "The Grasshopper and the Ant," "The Two Mules," and "The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse" / WorldCat.
Bear wants more
The scarecrows wedding
Children's and youth books which received recognition 2010 - 2011
Itchy itch itch
Peter and the Wolf : for piano : symphonic tale for children
The Gruffalo
The Middle English Physiologus
Wild school
Catch that rat!
The gruffalo
The animal boogie
Of Reynaert the Fox : text and facing translation of the Middle Dutch beast epic Van den vos Reynaerde
Animal magic : essays on animals in the American imagination
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
Best-loved children's stories
Sirkka-Liisa Lonka : nip of love = rakkauden puraisu / Sirkka-Liisa Lonka
Poetry of Birds
The snatchabook
Poetic animals and animal souls
Songs and rituals of the bear hunt in Karelia and Savo
The rhyming rabbit
How many legs?
The Gruffalo's child
Dinosaur rhyme time : favorite nursery rhymes for baby and toddler
Yucky mucky manners
When baby lost bunny
Poems about horses
