http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15342 mobile games
mobile games
The success factors of the Finnish mobile game industry : a strategic overview : cases Rovio & Supercell
Mobile game design essentials : a useful and detailed resource for designing games for mobile devices
Cross-platform mobile application development
Pojo's Unofficial big book of Pokemon
Android game developer's handbook : discover an all in one handbook to developing immersive and cross-platform Android games
Freemium mobile games : design & monetization
How to Share the Look and Feel of the Game Diamond Dash iOS : Making it Easier to Adapt to the Style of Diamond Dash iOS and Enhancing Communication within the Team with a Style Guide
Launching and Marketing a Mobile Game : Strategy and Consumer Perceptions
Coordination and adaptation techniques for efficient resource utilization in cognitive radio networks
Pokémon Go! : the ultimate unauthorized guide
Mobile & social game design : monetization methods and mechanics
Foreign language vocabulary learning through mobile games
Develop an integrated promotion strategy for a Finnish music mobile game on android platform in China
Developing a scalable web service and networking for an asynchronous multiplayer game
Intellectual property and mobile games : case study on intellectual property protection and strategy of Finnish mobile games companies
Video games : design and code your own adventure
Yamove! A movement synchrony game that choreographs social interaction
Shares facts on over seven hundred Pokemon and includes information on the new Kalos characters and the Mega Evolved Pokemon.
A brief history of video games : from Atari to Xbox one
Creating a mobile MMO game
"Beginning Android Games, Second Edition offers everything you need to join the ranks of successful Android game developers, including Android tablet game app development considerations. You'll start with game design fundamentals and Android programming basics, and then progress toward creating your own basic game engine and playable game apps."--Publisher.
Unreal engine 4 game development in 24 hours
Disney Infinity : play without limits : character encyclopedia
Angry Birds Star Wars : character encyclopedia
Challenges in game development : Playtesting and prototyping as important steps in game development
Cocos2d for iPhone 1 game development cookbook : over 90 recipes for iOS 2D game development using cocos2d
Pokemon Go : the ultimate guide
Abstract: Compatibility Heuristics for Modern Mobile Games : Mobile games, Game testing. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate ways to perform a compatibility test for a modern mobile game. These tests were performed by running a tastephone midlet to the mobile handset to determine its characteristics and the equivalent implementation. Compatibility check test was also aimed to help a specified mobile game application to run successfully into a mobile phone. Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games was also designed to study the factors that should be considered before integrating mobile games to mobile handsets. These applications are identified to determine optimal reliability and to utilize defect counts to the respective devices. This document also discusses on identifying the criteria for determining compliance of a mobile phone with the specification of the game application. The test case for this document outlines practices for testing a managed game application or component for compatibility with newer and older mobile handset versions. It covers different configurations you should test to ensure that the application continues to run properly and successfully. It also discusses features of a good mobile game. The result of the test case was to determine whether a game fully runs as proclaimed to function with a particular mobile component. The results also indicate the game compliance to a mobile phone to uncover flawed hardware and application programming interfaces combinations that decrease the game's ability to function properly.
Using prototyping and evaluation methods in iterative design of innovative mobile games
Beginning iOS game center and game kit : for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
The purpose of this thesis is to develop a cross-platform mobile game and to highlight main aspects of the development process. Game project does not have any commissioner company and no specific requirements. In theoretical part of this thesis main cross-platform development frameworks will be compared and main challenges of mobile development will be defined. In practical part the process of development will be described. The practical outcome of the development will be evaluated, the Glow Hockey 3D game submission to mobile app stores; user’s feedback and download rates will be reviewed, and technical aspects of using cross-platform software development tools will be evaluated.
Global hospitality and tourism management technologies
"This book is a comprehensive source of information for those interested in tourism and hospitality management, approaches, and trends, and, covers the emerging research topics that will define the future of IT and cultural development in the 21st century"--Provided by publisher.
Pro J2ME Polish : open source wireless Java tools suite
App empire : make money, have a life, and let technology work for you
Architectural issues
Free-to-play mobile game revenue recognition : analysis of the limitations of the current revenue accounting guidance
The video game industry : formation, present state, and future
Video games around the world
J2ME mobile game development framework
Automated data collection in mobile applications
The unofficial Pokémon Go field guide : by Ivy St. Ive
iOS game development cookbook
The app and mobile case study book
Developing a mobile phone game using Java2 micro edition
Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games
Factors influencing the Vietnamese gamers’ intention to continue mobile gaming
iOS game development : developing games for iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002 : a fucked up media opera
Beginning IOS Social Games
Developing interactive narrative content : sagas_sagasnet_reader
Disposition matrix : the design and development process of a critical war game
Venture capital investments : a case of failure and a case of success
Mobile games and their user psychological challenges
Dynamic aspects of business models in mobile game companies
Angry Birds Star Wars joke book
100 top games apps made easy : Android, iPhone, iPad, Google, Amazon Fire, Samsung
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
The effect of monetization on user experience in mobile games : a flow perspective
Pojo's unofficial ultimate guide to Pokémon GO : how to catch 'em all!
Creating Games with cocos2d for iPhone 2 : master cocos2d through building nine complete games for the iPhone
Android game programming by example : harness the power of the Android SDK by building three immersive and captivating games
Marketing strategy for independent game developers
Flash Mobile
Pokemon deluxe essential handbook : the need-to-know stats and facts on over 700 Pokemon
Testing user experience in tablet game graphics
1001 video games you must play before you die
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
prepared for the production.
Pokémon, gotta catch 'em all! : official guide to legendary and mythical Pokémon
Educational mobile game : math jump, from concept to a published title
Abstract: Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions. As indicated by the title, the focus of this thesis is on both launching and marketing a mobile game. It aims to understand the consumer and its perceptions, the optimal marketing mix, and the most efficient way of launching a mobile game. All of this is applied in a real world setting, using the up-and-coming mobile gaming company Boomlagoon as an example. The marketing mix, consumer decision making process, lean startup method, and chasm are all concepts which are taken into consideration throughout the thesis. They act as the basis for methodology. Both in-depth interviews and a questionnaire are used to collect data. The research conducted is limited by sample size, due to the lack of resources available to the thesis author. In an optimal setting, the methodology applied in this thesis would contain more participants and research methods, in order to cross reference data and gain more depth to the information inferred. Overall, the results indicate that Boomlagoon is on the right track. However, applying the theories and concepts reviewed throughout the thesis, while not guaranteeing success, should at least aid the company in understanding their consumer, developing marketing efforts, and effectively launching their product.
Revenue Models of Mobile Health Applications : Free-to-play applications
Developing a 3-dimension mobile billiard game
Creating and Designing Sound Effects for a Mobile Game
Snipe Bob: A Game for Android Mobile Phone
J2ME games with MIDP 2
On the edge of the magic circle : understanding role-playing and pervasive games
Riot-on! : a painfully true story of Riot Entertainment 2000-2002
Developing a game server for a mobile device
Play Finland : history of the Finnish video games industry
This paper presents a design case study of Yamove!, a well-received dance battle game. The primary aim for the project was to design a mobile-based play experience that enhanced in-person social interaction and connection. The game emphasized the pleasures of mutual, improvised amateur movement choreography at the center of the experience, achieved through a core mechanic of synchronized movement. The project team engaged techniques from the independent (“indie”) game development community that proved valuable in tempering the constraints to which technologically driven design can sometimes fall prey. Contributions of this work include (a) presentation and discussion of a polished digital game that embodies design knowledge about engaging players in mutual physical improvisation that is socially supported by technology, and (b) a case study of a design process influenced by indie game development that may help others interested in creating technologies that choreograph pleasurable intentional human movement in social contexts.
Creating mobile games : using Java ME platform to put the fun into your mobile device and cell phone
Horror video games : essays on the fusion of fear and play
Professional HTML5 mobile game development
It's certainly fun to build games that run on your iPhone and iPad. But, wouldn't it be more fun to create games that allow you to play with other gamers in your social network? There's a whole lot more things you can do. Most of the top best selling games around the world, like World of Warcraft, let you play with others online and share your experiences with your friends. Beginning iOS Social Games is your concise introduction to iOS social and other networked gaming app development using iOS Game Center, Game Kit, Store Kit, AirPlay, iOS 7 Game Controllers, iTunes App Store and integrating with social networks/media like Facebook and Twitter. Author Kyle Richter of Empirical Development is an expert game developer who guides you through the social game app development process step by step. This book may allow you to turn your already existing, created game into a well polished networkable and/or social media capable game app. What you'll learn Build socially integrated games on iOS for iPhone and iPad using Twitter and Facebook Configure and begin using Game Center, Apple's social gaming platform Work with the advanced features of Apple's Game Center using leaderboards, achievements, matchmaking, invitations, and multiplayer Exchange data while dealing with errors, dropped connections and other hurdles Create turned-based iOS games using Game Center Implement other socially rich features like real time Voice Chat, In App Purchases with Store Kit, and displaying content on a TV using Airplay Explore all these features and more while building a real iOS game, UFOs! Who this book is for This book is for iPhone and iPad app developers looking to build iOS game apps that can network with other apps and social media like Facebook and Twitter.
Tomb raiders and Space invaders . : videogame forms and contexts
Suitability of voice technologies for mobile gaming applications
Beginning Android3D Game Developmentis a unique book for today's Android and game app developers who want to learn how to build 3D game appsthat run on the latest Android KitKat platform using Java and OpenGL ES. ADrone Grid game case study is included.
Consumers' attitudes towards buying mobile games
Professional windows phone 7 game development : creating games using xna game studio 4
"A guide to building wealth by designing, creating, and marketing a successful app across any platformChad Mureta has made millions starting and running his own successful app business, and now he explains how you can do it, too, in this non-technical, easy-to-follow guide. Make Millions with Apps provides the confidence and the tools necessary for taking the next step towards financial success and freedom. The book caters to many platforms including iPhone, iPad, Android, and BlackBerry.This book includes real-world examples to inspire those who are looking to cash in on the App gold rush. Learn how to set up your business so that it works while you don't, and turn a simple idea into a passive revenue stream. Discover marketing strategies that few developers know and/or use Learn the success formula for getting thousands of downloads a day for one App Learn the secret to why some Apps get visibility while others don't Get insights to help you understand the App store market Make Millions with Apps delivers advice on the most essential things you must do in order to achieve success with an app. Turn your simple app idea into cash flow today!"--
Launching and marketing a mobile game : strategy and consumer perceptions
