http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15376 tax reform
tax reform fiscal reform
Economics and politics in local fiscal policy-making : some findings after 15 years in the treadmill
Was the tax reform fully financed?
Flat tax for Finland : a simple and fair tax system that promotes growth
Voluntary pension savings : the effects of the Finnish tax reform on savers' behaviour
The impact of tax reform on foreign direct investment
Taxation, wage formation, unemployment and welfare
The tax system in Norway : past reforms and future challenges
Anticipating tax changes : evidence from the Finnish corporate income tax reform of 2005
Dividend taxes and decisions of MNEs : evidence from a Finnish tax reform
Tax reform in the Nordic countries : 1973-1993 jubilee publication
Investment incentives in closely held corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
Base broadening and marginal rate reduction - a welfare loss?
Essays on Finnish municipal finance and intergovernmental grants
Labor supply responses to Swedish tax reforms 1985-1992
Finnish corporate tax reforms
On financial adjustment and investment booms : lessons from tax reforms
The challenges of tax reform in a global economy
Tax reform in Switzerland
Tax systems and tax reforms in Europe
Tax reforms in Viet Nam : a selective analysis
World tax reform : a progress report
Tax reforms and macroeconomic stabilisation in Mozambique
Dimensions of tax design : the Mirrlees review
Essays on economic policy. Vol. 1, Policies for full employment, The control of inflation, The problem of tax reform
Three essays on corporate taxation
The Russian tax reform paving way for investments
Environmental taxes and green tax reform
Tax reforms in EU member states : tax policy challenges for economic growth and fiscal sustainability : 2012 report
Is the limited company a better option than direct ownership when leasing residences and premises?
What will EU membership and the value-added tax reform do to Finnish food economy? : a computable general equilibrium analysis
Base broadening cum rate cutting : simple assessments of the 1989 grand tax reform of Finland
Tax reform in Russia
This paper analyses the effects of the recent Finnish income tax reform on the behaviour of a closely held corporation (CHC) and its owners. The main elements of the reform are cuts in corporate and capital income tax rates and the replacement of the current full imputation system by a partial double taxation of distributed profits. Considerable exemptions are applied to relieve the taxation of dividends from CHCs. The analysis indicates that the change in the CHCs cost of capital depends on the marginal tax rate (MTR) of the owner. In the case of a high-MTR entrepreneur, the cost of capital increases or is retained at the present level while at lower MTRs the cost of capital may well decrease. The latter observation is due to the increase in the tax rate gap between earned income and capital income. Thus the reform does not remove the earlier reported non-neutralities of the Finnish tax system. The reform will also affect the owner's choice of the form of compensation. Higher taxation of dividends will improve the position of wage income as a form of compensation. This will cushion the effect of the dividend tax changes on the CHCs cost of capital.
Finnish sawlog market under forest taxation reform
Abstract.
Finland : government and NGO approaches to ETR
Tax reform uncertainty, investment spurts and capital markets
Tax policy analysis in Zimbabwe applying general equilibrium models
Essays on behavioral responses to income taxes
Monitoring tax revenues and tax reforms in EU member states 2010 : tax policy after the crisis
Tax reforms in EU member states 2011 : tax policy challenges for economic growth and fiscal sustainability
Voluntary pension savings and tax incentives : evidence from Finland
Investment incentives in closely corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
Taxing ourselves : a citizen's guide to the debate over taxes
Grassroots political reform in contemporary China
Public finances in EMU - 2008
Getting the signals right : tax reform to protect the environment and the economy
Abstract: Green tax reform : calculations from the Finnish data.
A general equilibrium assessment of Finland's grand tax reform
Summary.
Earnings management in response to corporate tax rate changes : essays on private firms
Green tax reform and competitiveness
European tax law
Democracy and deficits : the new political economy of fiscal management reforms in the European Union
The Finnish corporate and capital income tax reform : a general equilibrium approach
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
Monitoring revenue trends and tax reforms in Member States 2008 : joint EC-EPC 2008 report
Abstract (1 s.).
The impact of benefit and tax reforms on Estonian labor market in a general equilibrium framework
Ecological tax reform : a policy proposal for sustainable development
A many-person Corlett-Hague tax rule with externalities
Towards a homogeneous EC direct tax law : an assessment of the member states' responses to the ECJ's case law
Public spending in the 20th century : a global perspective
Latin American macroeconomic reforms: the second stage
Alleviating unemployment : the case for green tax reforms
The 1989-1990 grand tax reform of Finland : simple general equilibrium calculations
Corporate taxation and investment finance in Finland : a general equilibrium view
The impact of dividend taxation on dividends and investment : new evidence based on a natural experiment
The export tax reforms in developing countries : a case of Mozambique's cashew sector 1993 - 2000
Oxford review of economic policy : spring 1992 : macroeconomics of transition in Eastern Europe
Determining the taxation and investment impacts of  Estonia's 2000 income tax reform
This paper discusses the impact of Estonia's 2000 income tax law using Tobin's q theory of investment.The results indicate a net increase in the capital stock of 6.1 % over the long run. .
