http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p153 appeals
appeals
Customer service quality in the customer relation department of Finnair : case: Customer relation department of Finnair
Abstract.
Lamentations through the centuries
Significance of customer feedback : an analysis of customer feedback data in a university hospital laboratory
The books of Ruth, Esther, Ecclesiastes, the Song of Songs, Lamentations : the Five Scrolls
Pointing out striking correlations between the catastrophe of 9/11 and the destruction of ancient Jerusalem, Brueggemann shows how the prophetic biblical response to that crisis was truth-telling in the face of ideology, grief in the face of denial, and hope in the face of despair. He argues that the same prophetic responses are urgently required from us now if we are to escape the deathliness of denial and despair. --from publisher description.
The admissibility of human rights petitions : the case of the European Commission of Human Rights and the Human Rights Committee
Psalms. Part 2, and Lamentations
EC law in judicial review
Reality, grief, hope : three urgent prophetic tasks
The Anchor Bible. Vol. 7A, Lamentations : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Locus standi of third parties in competition, merger, anti-dumping and state aid issues
Access to administrative jurisdictions : national report from Finland = Accès aux juridictions administratives : rapport national de Finlande
They wrote me a really nice letter... : the findings of a mystery shopping exercise : how high street retailers respond to written complaints from their customers
In this volume Robin Parry not only builds on traditional scholarship to interpret the book of Lamentations within its ancient context but also ventures further, exploring how the book can function as Christian Scripture. Parry provides the first systematic attempt to read Lamentations in light of the cross and resurrection. --from publisher description.
The appeal
Manual of travel agency practice
Service firm' s action upon negative incidents in high touch services : a narrative study
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
A complaint is a gift : recovering customer loyalty when things go wrong
Dealing with customer complaints
Finding justice at the European Court of Human Rights : the dynamics of strategic litigation and human rights defense in the Russian Federation
The police complaints procedure : a survey of complainants' views
This publication presents the combined works of William of Malmesbury, with the commentary on Lamentations. William, a Benedictine monk of Malmesbury in western England (died c. 1143), is well known as the author of major historical works. But his commentary on Lamentations was not published in full until 2011. It presents itself as an abbreviation of the work of a ninth-century predecessor, Paschasius Radbertus. But William aimed to re-write and improve on his source in both content and style. His characteristic mastery of the Bible and of an astonishingly wide range of classical and patristic texts is everywhere apparent. His Latin is elegant, not to say mannered and sometimes obscure, and presents many problems to the translator. William tells us that he had just turned forty, and had moved away from history to something more religious, that would conduce to his own moral improvement and to that of his readers. But the evils of the present age are often attacked, and commentary becomes moralising history by another means. A personal note, too, often comes through. William feels freer in this medium to comment adversely on the Norman conquest of England, and his struggles with the demons that tempted him and with his own conscience are often vividly evoked. Heartfelt prayers regularly round off the sections of his book. Profoundly influenced by Augustine, he made his commentary a meditation. The source text of this volume appeared in Corpus Christianorum Continuatio Mediaeualis as Willelmus Meldunensis monachus – Liber super explanationem Lamentationum Ieremiae prophetae (CCCM 244). References to the corresponding pages of the Corpus Christianorum edition are provided in the margins of this translation.
Studies in the Book of Lamentations
Liability for defects in retail sales
Human rights in the investigation and prosecution of crime
Empowerment as a dimension of service recovery - an organizational perspective : experiences from the travel industry
Lamentations in ancient and contemporary cultural contexts
Appeals to the Privy Council from the American plantations
Laadunhallinta : asiakastyytyväisyys : suuntaviivat asiakasvalitusten käsittelyyn organisaatiossa : standardi = Quality management : customer satisfaction : guidelines for complaints handling in organizations
Guide for Ombudsman institutions : how to conduct investigations
Monitoring human rights in Europe : comparing international procedures and mechanisms
Consumer protection policy and telecommunications
Lament, death, and destiny
Daughter Zion talks back to the prophets : a dialogic theology of the Book of Lamentations
Whistleblowing in the Soviet Union : complaints and abuses under state socialism
Dealing with difficult people
Summary: Dangerous services. The prevalence of safety-related problems and their prevention.
Tourists and tourism
Jonah & Lamentations
Complaint management : the heart of CRM
Complaint management excellence : creating customer loyalty through service recovery
The structural analysis of biblical and canaanite poetry
The fulfilment of doom? : the dialogic interaction between the Book of Lamentations and the pre-exilic/early exilic prophetic literature
How to handle complaints : a guide for ombudsman institutions
Service with SAP CRM
Jeremiah, Lamentations
Human rights and criminal justice
Aftersales management : creating a successful aftersales strategy to reduce costs, improve customer service and increase sales
Individual human rights complaints : a handbook for OSCE field personnel
Municipal public relations; a suggested program for improving relations with the public
Song of Songs
EU’s Public Procurement Directives and access to justice in Finland : the challenges of process efficiency and wide sphere of appeal
English summary: unusable products, assessment of the problem.
The Old Testament Library. Lamentations : a commentary
Service firms' action upon negative incidents in high touch services : a narrative study
Business life pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Advertising to children : complaints to the consumer agency in Finland
The international critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on Lamentations
The Soviet procuracy protests: 1937-1973 : a collection of translations
Lamentations : introduction, translation, and notes
Private ombudsmen and public law
The customer service survival kit : what to say to defuse even the worst customer situations
Consumer Protection Act, Municipal Consumer Counselling Act, Consumer Ombudsman Act, Market Court Act, Consumer Complaint Board Act
The European Ombudsman
The inbox : understanding and maximizing student-instructor email
Performing nostalgia : migration culture and creativity in South Albania
Consumers access to justice in Finland
Fruit for the soul : Luther on the lament psalms
The book of Lamentations evokes sympathy for the survivors of Babylonia's destruction of Jerusalem in 586 BCE. However, most of the Judeans who survived and remained in Judah during the Neo-Babylonian period were peasants living in the rural areas. The Book of Lamentations and the Social World of Judah in the Neo-Babylonian Era explores the experience of Judean peasants and reconstructs their stories. Using a form of social-historical criticism this book provides a counter-reading of Lamentations that elucidates the impact and aftermath of siege warfare on Judah's peasants. The rhetoric of Lamentations, ancient Near Eastern writings and archaeological evidence are considered, along with analogous social models from other agrarian societies. Together these shed light on the changing social dynamics, religious customs, and political and economic structures of rural and urban Judah in the sixth century BCE. The Book of Lamentations and the Social World of Judah in the Neo-Babylonian Era brings to life voices long silent, and suggests that Judah's resilient peasant communities played a significant role in the survival of peasant and city-dweller alike, once Jerusalem had been destroyed.
Focus on European environmental law
Smart Things to Know about Customers
International mass claims processes : legal and practical perspectives
Claims and arbitration in exports of sawngoods from Finland.
Appellate advocacy : principles and practice
The book of Lamentations and the social world of Judah in the neo-Babylonian era
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The handbook of the criminal justice process
Civil procedure : appeal of civil litigation in Finland - appeal in transition
Handbook of tourist behavior : theory & practice
Consumer boycotts : effecting change through the marketplace and the media
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 16, Civil procedure : Chapter 8 : Attacks on judicial decisions
