http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15369 suicide
suicide
Ethical decision making process in euthanasia and physician assisted suicide from nurses' perspective
Beware of pity
Discovering suicide : studies in the social organization of sudden death
The long count
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
The social meanings of suicide
Knife music
Lay me down
European older adults' well-being and suicide in the societal and family context
To die in Cuba : suicide and society
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Trends in suicidality in Eastern Finland, 1988-1997
The sense of an ending
Prevention of suicide : guidelines for the formulation and implementation of national strategies
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
Suicide and the meaning of civilization
Shame in the blood : a novel
This is a history of the representation of suicide from the ancient world to its decriminalization in the 20th century. After looking at instances of voluntary death in ancient Greece and the famous tale of the lovers Pyramus and Thisbe, Ron Brown moves on to discuss the contrast between the extraordinary absence of such figures in early Christianity and the proliferation of images of biblical suicides in the late Medieval era. He emphasizes how differing attitudes to suicide in the early modern world slowly merged together, and pays particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and the "crying crime" of self-destruction.
What dreams may come
Review of suicidology. 2000
The cultural background of Finnish suicide
The notable brain of Maximilian Ponder
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Cracked, not broken : surviving and thriving after a suicide attempt
Suicide by car, rare but increasing : a follow-up study of self-destruction in Finnish motor traffic accidents during 1974-1992
The tremor of forgery
The shadow of the soul
Suicide : an unnecessary death
Rapture in death
Sycamore row : a novel
In bitter chill
Sidney Chambers and the shadow of death
Good life, good death : a doctor's case for euthanasia and suicide
Suicide and attempted suicide
Kuolemansyyt 2005 = Dödsorsaker 2005 = Causes of death 2005.
Culture, suicide, and the human condition
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Adeline : a novel of Virginia Woolf
History of a suicide : my sister's unfinished life
Campari for breakfast
Physician-assisted suicide
Suicide thoughts and reflections, 1960-1980
Tasked with investigating the suicide of a local recluse, Alan Turing, Det Sgt Corell is torn between admiration for the dead man's genius and disgust for his sexuality. A succession of remarkable discoveries drives Corell to examine his own prejudice, then he is rocked by two startling developments.
Suicide over the life cycle : risk factors, assessment, and treatment of suicidal patients
What the light hides
The method
Kneller's happy campers
I was here
The nightmare
The noonday demon : an anatomy of depression
The forgotten room : a novel
The elegance of hedgehog
The vanishers
Confidentially yours
The art of suicide
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
Suicidal children and adolescents
The virgin suicides
The pact : a love story
A pale view of hills
The jump
On suicide : a discourse on voluntary death
Suicidal behavior in Swedish and Turkish adolescents : cross-cultural investigation of prevalence and psychosocial factors
Suicide and the unconscious
Kuolemansyyt 2006 = Dödsorsaker 2006 = Causes of death 2006
Definition of suicide
I have the right to destroy myself
Suicide : guidelines for assessment, management and treatment
Sharp objects : a novel
Suicide and homicide : some economic, sociological and psychological aspects of aggression
Mental disorders among burn patients
The silence
Durkheim's suicide : a century of research and debate
Cover of snow : a novel
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
The book of bunny suicides
Hold tight
Attitudes towards suicide among Master's degree students : a cross-cultural comparison between China and Finland
Can suicide be prevented? : the suicide project in Finland 1992-1996 : goals, implementation and evaluation
The crime of Julian Wells
Durkheim and the study of suicide
Now you see him
Messages from the point of no return : a conceptual and empirical analysis of suicide notes left by suicide victims
The next day : a graphic novella
Here's to us
The Legacy of the Bones
Midnight
Suicide in Asia and the Near East
Forgive me, Leonard Peacock
The recovery
Gone tomorrow
The bumper book of bunny suicides
Understanding suicide : a case study approach
Girls on fire
All the wrong places : a life lost and found
Celebrity chef Deacon Rowe is struggling with addiction, depression and not one, but two scandals. As summer nears, he travels to the idyllic Eastern bluff of Nantucket, where he takes his own life. In the shocking wake of Deacon's suicide, his first wife and childhood sweetheart, Laurel Rowe, sets out to gather Deacon's far-flung family - including Deacon and Laurel's son, and Deacon's other ex-wives and children on the island. This book brings together three very different, resilient women and their children, who start out not only as strangers, but as bitter rivals, each wanting to claim the prime place in Deacon's life. Secrets are revealed, confidences are shared, and improbable bonds are formed as this unlikely family says goodbye to the man they loved.
The suicide of Claire Bishop : a novel
Suicide methods in Finland
The good wife's castle
Playing with fire
Safe house
Suicide : a study in sociology
School's out
Visits from the drowned girl
Sidney chambers and the shadow of death
Black flowers
The sociology of suicide
The sociology of suicide : a selection of readings
The international handbook of suicide and attempted suicide
Briarpatch
Suicide risk management : a manual for health professionals
Suicide : the tragedy of hopelessness
Her pain is constant. And the danger is real. Monica suffers from chronic neuropathic pain. Every second of her life is spent in agony, and she is coping with it the best she can. However, there are whole years of her life which are a blur to her. Then Monica finds a suicide note, in her handwriting, saying she is going to end it all. Did she write it? She has no memory of doing so and as she reads the message again, she begins to suspect that someone tried to kill her once - and now they're trying to do so again.
Suicide in Victorian and Edwardian England
Contemplating suicide : the language and ethics of self harm
American rust
Mrs Dalloway
Impatience of the heart
Risk factors and pathways leading to suicide with special focus in schizophrenia:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
The great Gatsby
Suicide in children and adolescents
Sycamore Row
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
Antidepressants and suicide mortality
Cry of pain : understanding suicide and the suicidal mind
Paying back Jack
Convergence of life styles and sex ratio in suicide mortality in Finland
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
A rush of blood
Suicide : the gamble with death
The good suicides
On suicide : with particular reference to suicide among young students
Suicide in Helsinki : an epidemiological and socialpsychiatric study of suicides in Helsinki in 1960-61 and 1970-71
Suicide and justice : a Chinese perspective
Occupational class and suicide : an example of the elaboration of a relationship
Life events and social support in suicide
Youth suicide : what the educator should know : a special educator's perspective
Suicide can be prevented : a target and action strategy for suicide prevention
The bloody meadow
The crystal run
...Or not to be : a collection of suicide notes
The bell jar : a novel
The waking dark
Suicides among physicians, engineers and teachers : the prevalence of reported depression, admissions to hospital and contributory causes of death
Fall of man in Wilmslow
Suicidal behaviour
Adolescent suicide assessment and intervention
The treatment
Kuolemansyyt 2004 = Dödsorsaker 2004 = Causes of death 2004.
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Working with rebels to bring down The Program, a suicide prevention treatment in which painful memories are erased, Sloane and James consider taking The Treatment to unlock their memories.
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
The supernatural enhancements
Dead scared
Attempted suicide : a practical guide to its nature and management
"In The Art of Suicide, Ron M. Brown explores the history of the representation of self-murder, beginning with ancient Greek scenes of the hero Ajax impaling himself on his sword and concluding with videos shot by the notorious American 'Dr. Death', Jack Kevorkian. While instances of voluntary death were common in the ancient world, such imagery was not a part of the Early Christian artistic repertoire, though representations of biblical suicides proliferated in the late Middle Ages. Paying particular attention to the one-time chasm between so-called heroic suicide and self-destruction as a 'crying crime', Brown shows how differing attitudes merged during the early modern period. By tracking the changes surrounding the perception of self-murder in the Romantic era, with its notions of the 'man of feeling' ready to hurl himself into the abyss over an unfinishable poem, it is possible to see how, after the First World War, attitudes towards suicide changed radically. In time, this led to its decriminalization. Today, when suicidal acts are widely regarded as either cries for help or expressions of a death-wish, Brown's sensitive study reminds us that the history of self-murder and of its delineation is neither simple nor straightforward."--BOOK JACKET.
Children who don't want to live : understanding and treating the suicidal child
Suicide : biopsychosocial approaches
How to fall in love
"On a typical afternoon, teenage Joe is being chased by bullies from school when he accidentally runs through a portal to another world. He finds himself in a training camp for a group of teenage boys and girls who will become Runners. Each cycle, three Runners are sent to place the power sources that will secure the shield that protects their land, Carcassia, and keeps the enemy Kabanians at bay. Once they've achieved their objective, a toxin is released into their bodies and they die. No one is permitted to return through the shield. And nobody can remain in the enemy territory. Joe is sent on the next Run, accompanying the Runner, Kaia. He is hoping that he will find a way back to Earth - much to Kaia's annoyance, as she is focused only on her goal. Gradually, a delicate friendship develops between the two, and Joe wonders if he can save Kaia as well as himself. But as they pursue their Run, Kaia and Joe come to question the histories they've been given, and the ambition of their enemy. The Run suddenly becomes more dangerous than anyone could have envisaged." --Publisher description.
My friend Jesus Christ
Voluntary death in Japan
Preventing suicide : a global imperative
Varieties of suicide : inquiring into the complexity of human experience
Jessica's ghost
The suicide cycle : suicides in war, peace and depressions in twenty Western and Eastern nations
The everlasting
Review of suicidology : an official publication of the American Association of Suicidology. 1997
The spy
End of watch : a novel
I remember you
Suicide intervention in the schools
The last days of Stefan Zweig
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Alcohol and other substance misuse in suicide
The inhabited world
