http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15331 truth
truth
The first true lie
Minimalism and truth
Moonglow : a novel
Conversations on truth
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Truth, Truthlikeness
Basic questions of philosophy : selected "problems" of "logic"
Certainty
Truth and justification
The norm of truth : an introduction to the philosophy of logic
Truth : engagements across philosophical traditions
Babyfacts : the truth about your child's health from newborn through preschool
Vanishing acts
Meaning and truth in the arts
Conceptions of truth in intuitionism
A woman loved
On truth : original manuscript materials (1927-1929) from the Ramsey Collection at the University of Pittsburgh
The boy who cried ninja
The taming of the true
An inquiry into meaning & truth
Missing Rose
Meaning
Truth and its deformities
Language, truth and logic
From out of the city
What is truth?
True to life : why truth matters
Truth and authority in modernity
Chasing shadows
Infinite ground
Social media and the value of truth
Truth or die
Shadows of doubt : language and truth in post-reformation Catholic culture
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
No future without forgiveness
Truth, syntax and modality : Proceedings of the Temple university conference on alternative semantics
Why truth matters
Harmless naturalism : the limits of science and the nature of philosophy
Ambiguity and the absolute : Nietzsche and Merleau-Ponty on the question of truth
Artistic truth : aesthetics, discourse, and imaginative disclosure
A confessing theology for postmodern times
A realist conception of truth
Truth and tolerance : Christian belief and world religions
The ends of the Earth
Defining truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth
Philosophy through literature : the cognitive value of philosophical fiction
Philosophy is traditionally understood as the search for universal truths, and philosophers are supposed to transmit those truths beyond the limits of their own culture. But, today, we have become skeptical about the ability of an individual philosopher to engage in "universal thinking," so philosophy seems to capitulate in the face of cultural relativism. In Introduction to Antiphilosophy, Boris Groys argues that modern "antiphilosophy" does not pursue the universality of thought as its goal but proposes in its place the universality of life, material forces, social practices, passions, and experiences --angst, vitality, ecstasy, the gift, revolution, laughter or "profane illumination" --and he analyzes this shift from thought to life and action in the work of thinkers from Kierkegaard to Derrida, from Nietzsche to Benjamin. Ranging across the history of modern thought, Introduction to Antiphilosophy endeavors to liberate philosophy from the stereotypes that hinder its development. --Publisher.
The painted bridge
Inquiries into truth and interpretation
Thought and reality
Truth to tell
Gifts from Eykis : a journey of self discovery
Social media is ubiquitous. From Facebook and Twitter to YouTube, the blogosphere, and Massively Multi-Player Online Role-Playing Games, people have plugged into numerous online venues for social, intellectual, and leisure activities. The pervasiveness of social media calls for ethical reflection, and one of the most pertinent values at stake is that of truth. Current figures estimate there are more than 1 billion social media users worldwide with the ability to connect with people who share similar interests, to present themselves as experts on anything and everything no matter their qualifications, and to contribute the types of factual information formerly limited to professional communication outlets such as news agencies. It's this wide-ranging definition of truth that demands evaluation of the myriad ways social media affect society. This volume attempts to do just that by collecting insights from leading experts in the communication and philosophy disciplines as they examine a variety of issues related to the value of truth in the realm of social media.
Recent essays on truth and the liar paradox
The boy who cried ninja / Alex Latimer
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Philosophy of language : the big questions
Truth : a primer
The coherence theory of truth
The meaning of truth
Truth and historicity
Living with a wild God : a non-believer's search for the truth about everything
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
Liars and outliers : enabling the trust that society needs to thrive
When ugly rumors and lies about Alice Franklin start after one of the guys she allegedly slept with at a party dies in a car accident, questions about truth arise in her small town.
Textual deceptions : false memoirs and literary hoaxes in the contemporary era
Meaning and truth in religion
Blackbeard's headless body swam around his ship! : the fact or fiction behind pirates
Truth in context : an essay on pluralism and objectivity
Reclaiming truth : contribution to a critique of cultural relativism
Being known
Meaning, mind, and knowledge
The  nature of truth : classic and contemporary perspectives
The truth
Simplicity as evidence of truth : the Aquinas lecture, 1997
Being and event
Truth in philosophy
"Truth" as conceived by those who are not professional philosophers
An inquiry into meaning and truth : the William James lectures for 1940 delivered at Harvard University
Pretending to dance
The impersonal life
The Farm
Where the truth lies : trust and morality in PR and journalism
Realism and truth
Questioning foundations : truth, subjectivity, culture
An analysis of knowledge and valuation
The paradox of the liar
Hermeneutics and truth
Semantics and necessary truth : an inquiry into the foundations of analytic philosophy
Double truth
Realism : a critique of Brentano and Meinong
Truth and its nature (if any)
Beyond feelings : a guide to critical thinking
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
Knowledge, truth, and duty : essays on epistemic justification, responsibility and virtue
The truth about you
Correspondence and disquotation : an essay on the nature of truth
Merrow
An introduction to the theory of knowledge
Philosophical hermeneutics and the human sciences : some consequences
Truth : a concept of imagination with many faces : on correspondence, coherence and prediction, and the more cynical concepts of truth
The truth according to Arthur
What's the use of truth?
Spy the lie : former CIA officers teach you how to detect deception
Objective knowledge : an evolutionary approach
Beatrice and Virgil : a novel
Words in the way of truth : truthfulness, deception, lying across cultures and disciplines
Theories of truth : a critical introduction
Philosophy bites back
"What is truth?" : towards a theological poetics
Enduring whispers about her absent mother's alleged merrow origins after her father drowns, twelve-year-old Neen questions her identity as she becomes increasingly torn between the worlds of the sea and her island home / WorldCat.
Truthlikeness for multidimensional, quantitative cognitive problems
The many faces of religious truth : Hilary Putnam's pragmatic pluralism on religion
Essays on Frege's conception of truth
The truth about love : fact, superstition, merriment & myth
Silence is goldfish
Cham, the truth : all the facts and raison d'être
Prisoner of night and fog
The meaning of truth : a sequel to pragmatism
Black heart
Truth, meaning and realism : philosophical investigations
Necessary Factual Truth
A farewell to truth
Historical representation and historical truth
Facts
Defending the correspondence theory of truth
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
Unifying the philosophy of truth
Beatrice and Virgil
Logics of worlds : being and event, 2
Introduction to antiphilosophy
Knowledge of meaning : an introduction to semantic theory
The lie tree
Christian orthodoxy
Between deflationism & correspondence theory
A Monster Calls
On indicative conditionals : assertion, truth-conditions and classification
A theory of the absolute
The rumour
Get the truth : former CIA officers teach you how to persuade anyone to tell all
Truth : a guide
Stefania Tutino shows that the hermeneutical and epistemological anxieties that characterize our current intellectual climate are rooted in the early modern world. Showing that post-Reformation Catholicism did not simply usher in modernity, but indeed postmodernity as well, her study complicates the well-established scholarly view concerning the context of the Protestant Reformation and the Catholic response to it. Shadows of Doubt provides a collection of case-studies centered on the relationship between language, the truth of men, and the Truth of theology. Most of these case-studies illuminate little-known figures in the history of early modern Catholicism. The militant aspects of post-Tridentine Catholicism can be appreciated through study of figures such as Robert Bellarmine or Cesare Baronio, the solid pillars of the intellectual and theological structure of the Church of Rome; however, an understanding of the more enigmatic aspects of early modernity requires exploration of the demimonde of post-Reformation Catholicism. Tutino examines the thinkers whom few scholars mention and fewer read, demonstrating that post-Reformation Catholicism was not simply a world of solid certainties to be opposed to the Protestant falsehoods, but also a world in which the stable Truth of theology existed alongside and contributed to a number of far less stable truths concerning the world of men. Post-Reformation Catholic culture was not only concerned with articulating and affirming absolute truths, but also with exploring and negotiating the complex links between certainty and uncertainty. By bringing to light this fascinating and hitherto largely unexamined side of post-Tridentine Catholicism, Tutino reveals that post-Reformation Catholic culture was a vibrant laboratory for many of the issues that we face today: it was a world of fractures and fractured truths which we, with a heightened sensitivity to discrepancies and discontinuities, are now well-suited to understand. -- Review: "This highly original and brilliantly argued study of the way in which truth claims were made and debated in post-Reformation Catholic culture is the work of a world-class scholar at the very top of her game. Tutino has not only made an indispensable contribution to the history of early modern skepticism and doubt, but has also recovered for attention the early modern origins of 'post-modern' awareness of the fragile relationship between truth and language. As such, her book will be required reading not only for historians of early modern Roman Catholicism but also for students of literature and philosophy of language more generally." --Simon Ditchfield, Reader in History, University of York "Post-Reformation Catholicism emerges from the pages of Shadows of Doubt as a far more complex, intellectually richer movement than the one that we have known. Whereas past scholarship tends to emphasize the solid certainties of post-Reformation Catholicism, Shadows of Doubt reveals the 'dark side' of the story: a world in which the unquestioned truth of theology existed together with grave doubts about the link between human language and reality." --Ronald Witt, Professor Emeritus of History, Duke University "Tutino deftly overturns stereotypes by exploring the pre-modern antecedents of post modernity. She gives us an Age of Faith less closed in its convictions because it remains remarkably open in its sense of how God speaks Truth. As a globalizing Catholicism grapples with many new languages and cultures, her authors explore the limits of language, and face questions of doubt that arise when all language becomes suspect-perhaps even God's." --Nicholas Terpstra, Professor of History, University of Toronto
Thoughts : an essay on content
Theories of truth
The book of Mirdad : the strange story of a monastery which was once called the Ark
Real knowing : new versions of the coherence theory
The (honest) truth about dishonesty : how we lie to everyone - especially ourselves
Focusing on truth
Homecoming
Theory of knowledge
A monster calls
The truth about Alice
Truth and objectivity in law and morals : proceedings of the second special workshop held at the 27th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy in Washington D. C., 2015. 2
The notion of analytic truth
For those who know … that something is going on … The witnesses are legion, scattered across the world and dotted through history, people who looked up and saw something impossible lighting up the night sky. What those objects were, where they came from, and who—or what—might be inside them is the subject of fierce debate and equally fierce mockery, so that most who glimpsed them came to wish they hadn’t. Most, but not everyone. Among those who know what they’ve seen, and—like the toll of a bell that can’t be unrung—are forever changed by it, are a pilot, an heiress, a journalist, and a prisoner of war.  From the waning days of the 20th century’s final great war to the fraught fields of Afghanistan to the otherworldly secrets hidden amid Nevada’s dusty neverlands—the truth that is out there will propel each of them into a labyrinth of otherworldly technology and the competing aims of those who might seek to prevent—or harness—these beings of unfathomable power.  Because, as it turns out, we are not the only ones who can invent and build…and destroy. Featuring actual events and other truths drawn from sources within the military and intelligence community, Tom DeLonge and A.J. Hartley offer a tale at once terrifying, fantastical, and perhaps all too real. Though it is, of course, a work of…  fiction?
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
Truth, syntax and modality : proceedings of the Temple university conference on alternative semantics
Against facts
