http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1538 practical theology
practical theology
How to preach without notes
Consultancy Skills for Mission and Ministry provides a readable handbook to doing consultancy in church based organisations. Many of those who exercise ministry in churches move into roles where they are expected to supervise and support ministers and church leaders in their work. Consultancy is an effective way of doing this and provides skills and theoretical frameworks for both those working explicitly as consultants to ministers and church workers and leaders as well as for officers in churches such as Archdeacons, Superintendents, Mission Officers, local church and regional development advisers or those involved in continuing professional development. Often people moving into these roles are not provided with the specific skills and knowledge they need. Other groups who will find this book useful will include consultants who operate in commercial, public and voluntary organisations but who need to know how to apply their skills in church settings and students on courses in consultancy.
Practicing witness : a missional vision of Christian practices
The touch of the sacred : the practice, theology, and tradition of Christian worship
Ministry issues for the Church of England : mapping the trends
Practical theology : international perspectives
Quality in marriage in value-laden contexts : an empirical and theological study
All over the world Christian communities meet on Sunday morning for worship. But what really happens during a worship service? How do worshipers participate in the service? What does it mean to sing, pray, and celebrate the Lord's Supper together? What do worshipers do when they listen to a sermon? In The Touch of the Sacred Gerrit Immink offers thoughtful theological reflection on the religious practice of worship services in the Protestant tradition. He develops a theology of worship with a clear focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ as he explores the meaning of worship, the mystery of Christ, the sacraments, prayer, and preaching. Ultimately, he says, something dynamic happens when a church congregation speaks and acts: it is touched by the sacred, by a very encounter with the living God.
"Love greets you" : on the culture of deacony
City of desires - a place for God? : practical theological perspectives
For life abundant : practical theology, theological education, and Christian ministry
God in the city : essays and reflections from the Archbishop's of Urban Theology Group
Empirical theology in texts and tables : qualitative, quantitative, and comparative perspectives
Surveying the social world : principles and practice in survey research
Words made flesh : writings in pastoral and practical theology
Living hope : a practical theology of hope for the dying
Chaplains as doctors of the soul : navigating between the sacred and secular while negotiating a functional and ontological ministry identity
Pathways to the public square : practical theology in an age of pluralism. Vol. 1, International Practical Theology
Dialogical preaching : Bakhtin, otherness and homiletics
Places of redemption : theology for a worldly church
Christian theology in practice : discovering a discipline
The literature of theology : a guide for students and pastors
Reconstructing practical theology : the impact of globalization
A reader in ecclesiology
Prelude to practical theology : variations on theory and practice
Practical theology : an empirical approach
Let's do theology : a pastoral cycle resource book
A fundamental practical theology : Descriptive and strategic proposals
Meeting mystery : liturgy, worship, sacraments
Suffering divine things : theology as church practice
The pastoral Luther : essays on Martin Luther's practical theology
Pastoral counseling, its theory and practice
The pastor as theologian : the integration of pastoral ministry, theology and discipleship
Entering the new theological space : blurred encounters of faith, politics and community
Practicing theology : beliefs and practices in Christian life
Living Christianity : a pastoral theology for today
Practical theology in action : Christian thinking in the service of church and society
Living faith : everyday religion and mothers in poverty
When hearts become flame : an Eastern Orthodox approach to the dia-logos of pastoral counseling
Practical theology for aging
"Preaching as a Carnivalesque Dialogue – between the 'Wholly Other' and 'Other-Wise' Listeners" explores the genre of preaching in light of theories of dialogicity and carnivalization developed by Mikhail Bakhtin. The Bakhtinian approach to preaching evokes ways in which historical acts and embodied experiences are transcribed in literary genres. The theories of carnivalization manifest the dynamic, other-oriented, interaction between reflexive texts and embodied acts. Experiences of otherness and difference play a central role in human communication as well as in theological descriptions of the relationship between God and humans. One of the central aims of this book is to explore ways in which 'others', different from the designated preacher, influence contemporary preaching practices and in that sense can be seen as co-authors. As material for this investigation the book provides analyses of four theologians who have contributed significantly to contemporary homiletical developments, namely those of the American homileticians Charles Campbell, John S. McClure, and James H. Harris and the Danish Systematic Theologian, Svend Bjerg. The homiletical analyses lead to the thesis, that the dialogical encounter between author, and addressees, analyzer and analyzed, is one of the conditions of interpretation and communication rather than a disturbance. The communication theoretical and practical theological analyses are discussed in light of Kierkegaard's, Barth's and Jüngel's emphasis on the 'qualitative difference' between God and humans. These concluding reflections suggest ways in which inter-human otherness can function as a dynamically conjoining rather than mutually exclusive difference between God as the 'Wholly Other' and 'other-wise' humans.
Responsible grace : John Wesley's practical theology
The disabled God : toward a liberatory theology of disability
The shape of practical theology : empowering ministry with theological praxis
Spiritual dimensions of pastoral care : practical theology in a multidisciplinary context
Hermeneutics and empirical research in practical theology : the contribution of empirical theology by Johannes A. van der Ven
A formula for parish practice : using the Formula of Concord in congregations
Witness to dispossession : the vocation of a postmodern theologian
Invitation to practical theology : Catholic voices and visions
Valuing age : pastoral ministry with older people
Aging and spirituality : spiritual dimensions of aging theory, research, practice, and policy
'With wisdom seeking God' : the academic study of spirituality
Equality and the family : a fundamental, practical theology of children, mothers, and fathers in modern societies
Christian law : contemporary principles
Perspectives on ecclesiology and ethnography
Practical theology : history, theory, action domains : manual for practical theology
Practical theology
Consultancy skills for mission and ministry
Normativity and empirical research in theology
Leadership handbooks of practical theology
Trekking toward wholeness : a resource for care group leaders
The pastor as theologian : the formation of today's ministry in the light of contemporary human sciences
Worship and liturgy in context : studies and case studies in theology and practice / edited by Duncan B. Forrester & Doug Gay
Theologia Fennica. 5.
Religion, education, dialogue and conflict : perspectives on religious education research
Feminist perspectives in pastoral theology = Feministische Perspektiven in Pastoraltheologie = Des perspectives féministes en théologie pastorale
Contemporary practical theology in Finland
Urban theology : a reader
Participation and mediation : a practical theology for the liquid church
Psychotherapeutic and philosophical-theological concepts of responsibility : a critical evaluation
Orthodox Christianity in imperial Russia : a source book on lived religion
A theology of the family
SCM Studyguide to theological reflection
Redemptive transformation in practical theology : essays in honor of James E. Loder, Jr
Medieval Christianity in practice
Practical theology : an introduction
Opening the field of practical theology : an introduction
The naked parish priest : what priests really think they're doing
The reading and preaching of the scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Vol. 1, The biblical period
The Folewer to the Donet : now first edited from Brit. Mus. Roy. Ms. 17 D. ix with an introduction on Pecock's language and style
Religious education as practical theology : essays in honour of professor Herman Lombaerts
Life cycle theory and pastoral care
Social constructionism and theology
Practical theology : a new approach
Women's faith development : patterns and processes
Figuring the sacred : religion, narrative, and imagination
The Blackwell reader in pastoral and practical theology
The theology of diaconia
Worship traditions in Armenia and the neighboring Christian East : an international symposium in honor of the 40th anniversary of St. Nersess Armenian Seminary
From words to deeds : the effectiveness of preaching in the Late Middle Ages
Originating at the 2011 conference of the International Academy of Practical Theology in the iconic city of Amsterdam, this volume explores the practical theological significance of desire. Although desire is central to many issues in practical theology and related disciplines, it is only rarely discussed under its own name. Three introductory chapters locate desire in concrete practices in the city and discuss the phenomenology, theology, and ethics of desire. Subsequent sections are organized around embodying desire, culturing desire, and transforming desire. The chapters include various kinds of desire, including sexuality, consumerism, and spirituality. Perspectives from different contexts and religious traditions are offered in this rich and thought-provoking book.
Theological practices that matter
Ministry through word and sacrament
Lived religion : conceptual, empirical and practical-theological approaches : essays in honor of Hans-Gunter Heimbrock
Practical theology and qualitative research
