http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15354 habitability
habitability
Shed chic
Happy city : transforming our lives through urban design
The social life of small urban spaces
Brand lands, hot spots & cool spaces : welcome to the third place and the total marketing experience
Yran & Storbraaten : luxury by design
Using servicescape to measure the suitability of Think Tank meeting room in Finland
Dog-friendly gardening : creating a safe haven for you and your dog
Outer Decks : more thought to design and furnishing
Style & simplicity : an A to Z guide to living more beautiful life
Aircraft interior comfort and design
Students' physical activity, physical education enjoyment, and motivational determinants through a three-year school-initiated program
Finnish report card 2014 on physical activity for children and youth
Key environmental factors influencing customers'  perception of two wine bars in Helsinki
Hospitality in town and country with usages, formal and informal : how to make it a pleasure to entertainer and entertained
50 fabulous ways to decorate your garden : transform your outside space with easy step-by-step projects and creative ideas
Global city blues
All service situations are influenced by the environment in which the service is provided. The environment is as important of a factor as service and can be perceived positively or negatively. Providing a quality servicescape seems to be becoming a prerequisite for maintaining a competitive edge. Any service minded organization striving for success and profitability should understand the importance of a servicescape.     The Think Tank meeting room has been created in Sweden after a survey on the needs of meeting guests was conducted. Scandic created a concept “MEETING” in order to ensure the same level of standards in all Scandics.     The aim of this study is to establish if the Think Tank brand is suitable for the Finnish market, since no market research has been conducted in Finland before the launch of the product.     This survey has been conducted by using quantitative study as the research method. Statistical data was collected by dealing out questionnaires to the meeting guests that visited the Think Tank room at the Scandic Grand Marina in Helsinki. The measurement tool, SERVICESCAPE together with Feng Shui, was used to analyze the results and findings of the study.     The results of the findings were highly affected by the low respondent rate. Yet some interesting points were found. Some products had a more significant role than others in the meeting room and divided more the opinions of the respondents. According to the results recommendations could be made on minder adjustments to increase the level of satisfaction of the Think Tank room. The statistical data combined with the generally positive feedback of the servicescape indicated that the Think Tank meeting room and its products suit the meeting guests in Filand well.
Eat out : restaurant design and food experiences. [edited by Robert Klanten, Sven Ehmann & Shonquis Moreno ; text and preface by Shonquis Moreno]
Greening school grounds : creating habitats for learning
In August 2003 the first authentic Wine Bar was opened in Helsinki. This wine bar, Gustus & Vera, is one of the establishments that was used for this particular survey regarding the environmental factors influencing customer perceptions. The researchers also included the customers of Bar Blanca wine bar in their survey to gain a more general insight into customer attitudes and perceptions in Helsinki.  Since then, numerous other establishments have caught on to the growing trend of wine enjoyment and have added the marketing concept of "wine bar" to their logo or name. Therefore, the wine bar, as a business concept, is a relatively new idea in Helsinki, and as such needs to be approached using the New Product Development (NPD) process by entrepreneurs hoping to capitalize on this new trend.  NPD is a process, whereby a new product or service goes through a seven step screening process starting with idea generation and ending with the finalized product ready for product launch. The third step, Concept Development and Testing, is argued as being one of significant importance, as it is during that stage that the customer's opinions are gathered and analyzed by the management of this new venture. While the traditional approaches to measuring customer's reactions to a new product or service are important in order to assess profitability or success, i.e. pricing, marketing and service quality, the researchers argue that the environmental factors of a wine bar affect customers` perception and eventual behavior in equally profound ways. Research on these environmental factors at the two above mentioned wine bars have so far been overlooked, and this gave the researchers an opportunity to fill that knowledge gap with this preliminary study. The environmental factors that were studied include ambient factors, spatial layout and functionality, and signs, symbols, and artifacts. The results for customer's reactions to the environmental factors at two wine bars in Helsinki (Gustus & Vera and Bar Blanca) will help current wine bar managers improve the interior of their establishment as well as aiding entrepreneurs hoping to catch the wave of the new "wine enjoyment megatrend" emerging on the Helsinki market.
