http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15313 runoff
runoff
Uncertainty-aware drainage basin delineation from digital elevation models using graphical processing units
Influence of atmospheric nitrogen deposition on nitrogen leakage to surface water in forest ecosystems
Phosphorus removal in a wetland constructed on former arable land
Conceptual runoff models - fiction or representation of reality
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
River flow modelling and forecasting
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish cattle farms
Watershed models
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Effects of urbanization on seasonal runoff generation and pollutant transport under cold climate
Phosphorus in surface runoff and drainage water affected by cultivation practices
Nutrient removal from Scots pine canopy on drained peatland by rain
Estimation of climate change effect on the runoff: improved SOIL model application to Rudbäcken catchment
GIS-hydrological modelling in arid lands : a geographical synthesis of surface waters for the African Red Sea region in the Sudan
Farming practices and crop production : an exploratory study of farming strategies vs. maizeproduction in Makanya village, Tanzania
Scale issues in hydrological modelling
Policy design for multifunctional agriculture
Mathematical models in hydrology
Fluvial forms and processes : a new perspective
Effects of harvesting coniferous stands on site nutrients, acidity and hydrology
Process-oriented investigation of snow accumulation, snowmetl and runoff generation in forested sites in Finland
Runoff quality and quanity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
Maps of water balance elements of Finland
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 38, Patagonian Shelf
Rainfall-runoff modelling : the primer
Environmental impacts of mining : a case study of Orijärvi mine
Distribution, characteristics and potential impacts of chromophoric dissolved organic matter (CDOM) in Hudson Strait and Hudson Bay, Canada
Surface runoff, subsurface drainflow and soil erosion as affected by tillage in a clayey Finnish soil
This thesis examined hydrological processes such as snowmelt and groundwater discharge in drained peatland areas in the boreal zone. The studied processes were measured in situ using environmental tracers. Further, performance of a treatment wetland was studied during snowmelt and high flow. A GIS model was developed to estimate groundwater seepage areas in peatland systems surrounding eskers.It was found that soil frost had a clear impact on water quality during snowmelt. This was evident as lower suspended sediments, water colour and dissolved organic carbon concentrations, among other changes. The treatment wetland was found to reduce the suspended solids load during the snowmelt period and late autumn, while reductions in phosphorus and nitrogen loads occurred during summer. A sampling algorithm was built to test how different sampling frequencies affected the estimation of suspended solid loads from the constructed wetland. The results showed increasing uncertainty for sparser sampling (from weekly to monthly sampling), but the uncertainty remained high even at weekly sampling. The GIS model was tested on two eskers and shown to give a fair estimate of groundwater discharge locations. It can thus be used for improving aquifer protection in boreal eskers related to the drainage networks surrounding them. However, to be applied more widely, further efforts are required.The findings in this thesis could be used to develop better water management policies for peat extraction areas, or other industries operating in similar soils and climate. For example, meltwater could be allowed to temporarily bypass treatment facilities in areas with deep soil frost penetration. The wetland study showed that peatland-based wetlands are a suitable approach for improving water treatment performance even under variable hydraulic loads. The uncertainty in the estimated load from a small peat extraction catchment was high, which might limit the use of such data for some purposes. Load estimation methods using the concentration data collected during previous years might be able to reduce the uncertainty, but if the uncertainty needs to be lowered substantially use of sensor technology might be the only viable approach.
Rainfall and runoff
Hydrological and hydraulic design of peatland drainage and water treatment systems for optimal control of diffuse pollution
Theory of stochastic processes in hydrology and river runoff regulation
Runoff from open peatlands as influenced by ditching = Metsäojituksen vaikutus avosuon valuntaan. 1, Theoretical analysis = Teoreettinen analyysi
Principles of hydrology
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish farms
Controlled drainage : effects on subsurface runoff and nitrogen flows
Summary.
A GIS-based a-priori estimation method for NAM rainfall-runoff model parameters : application to three head watersheds in South-Western Finland
Hydrology and hydrochemistry at subbasins of a large sedge fen watershed and effects of drainage and peat-winning
Runoff generation and load estimation in drained peatland areas
Fluvial forms and processes
Measured and simulated effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and runoff hydrochemistry in areas of boreal acid sulphate soils
Soil- and groundwater distribution, flowpaths, and transit times in a small till catchment
Acid sulphate soils and their agricultural and environmental problems in Finland
Hydrochemistry of rivers in an acid sulphate soil hotspot area in western Finland
Large-scale erosion and flooding after wildfires : understanding the soil conditions
Effects of air pollutants and climate change on the runoff water quality of a boreal forested catchment
Catchment hydrochemical processes controlling acidity and nitrogen in forest stream water
Watershed modeling is at the heart of modern hydrology, supplying rich information that is vital to addressing resource planning, environmental, and social problems. Even in light of this important role, many books relegate the subject to a single chapter while books devoted to modeling focus only on a specific area of application. Recognizing the need for a broad, comprehensive overview of the various types of watershed models, renowned experts Singh and Frevert carefully selected several highly popular and useful models to produce this groundbreaking reference. Watershed Models comprises seven sections that encompass 24 models chosen for a variety of characteristics, such as physical bases, mathematical sophistication, comprehensiveness, broad-based applicability, and use of modern tools. After a concise introduction, the book examines the history and evolution of watershed modeling derived from the Stanford Watershed Model along with regional calibration of models. The following six sections explore large watershed, streamflow, water quality, urban watershed, agricultural watershed, and planning and management models. Each chapter contains a wealth of information on model parameters, the strengths of each model for particular purposes, and examples of applications. Offering an up-to-date review of models used worldwide, Watershed Models supplies broad, integrated knowledge necessary for solving the complex and ongoing problems involved in resource and environmental water management.
Phosphorus losses from a subdrained clayey soil as affected by cultivation practices
The effect of thinning, clear cutting, and fertilization on the hydrology of peatland drained for forestry
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Drainage principles and applications
A simple device for automatic sampling of runoff for quality monitoring during rainfall events
Climate change adaptation for hydrology and water resources
Predicting soil erosion by water : a guide to conservation planning with the Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE)
Potential and limitations of phosphate retention media in water protection : a process-based review of laboratory and field-scale tests
Development and analysis of a dual-permeability model for subsurface stormflow and solute transport in a forested hillslope
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
Effects of suburban development on runoff generation and water quality
The application of phosphorus (P)-sorbing materials offers a possible solution for treating municipal wastewater  and agricultural runoff. In this paper we discuss P retention and release mechanisms, and review studies on the P  retention of different materials and their use as reactive media in filter beds. The main mechanisms for P retention  are sorption on metal (mostly Fe or Al) hydroxide surfaces and, in alkaline conditions, the formation of Ca-P  precipitates. The retention of P is strongly affected by the chemical composition of a material, its particle size and  pH-related effects on sorption and precipitation both during testing and in practical operation. Laboratory tests  are sensitive to solution chemistry (pH, alkalinity, ionic strength and composition, P concentration) and affected by  material-to-solution ratio, contact time and agitation. Moreover, due to deviations from realistic field conditions,  laboratory tests may produce imprecise estimates of the retention capacity and retention kinetics. In particular,  materials that contain soluble substances (e.g., CaO) that elevate the pH of the ambient solution to high levels may  in batch tests suggest a high capacity for P retention, but will most probably show much lower retention in field  settings. On the other hand, materials containing metal oxides also retain P via slow reactions, and their retention  capacity may be underestimated in short equilibrations. Appropriate laboratory test procedures will depend  on their intended applications and material properties. Long-term field-scale tests are few in number, but some of  them have shown promising results. Field-scale tests have, however, highlighted the design of the filters as a critical  factor in their efficiency.
Rainfall-runoff modelling - comparison of modelling strategies with a focus on ungauged predictions and model integration
Soil erosion and soil-moisture conservation under old terracing system in the Palestinian Central Mountains
Spatio-temporal climate variability and snow resource changes in Finland
Leaching of organic carbon and nitrogen from peatland-dominated catchments
In northern regions such as Finland, snowpack represents a major water resource for aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems and different human uses, and snowmelt usually controls peak annual river discharge. To understand potential impacts of climate change, this thesis explored the effects of changes in surface air temperature (SAT) and precipitation patterns on snowpack accumulation and snowmelt processes in Finland.Two initial studies provided national and spatial pictures of long-term variability and changes in observed SAT and precipitation in Finland and their relationships with the atmospheric circulation patterns (ACPs) of the Northern Hemisphere (NH). On national scale, mean annual SAT and annual precipitation increased significantly in Finland during the past century. Seasonal analysis revealed increases in spring (MAM) and summer (JJA) SAT and in winter (DJF) and summer precipitation. SAT and precipitation were most significantly correlated with the Arctic Oscillation (AO), East Atlantic/West Russia (EA/WR), East Atlantic (EA) and Scandinavia (SCA) patterns. However, there were spatial differences within Finland as regards climate trends and relationships with ACPs.A study examining the dependence of snow resources on winter climate in Finland revealed a decline in snow water equivalent (SWE) and shortening of continuous snow cover duration (CSCD) in Finland during 1909-2008. This was mainly due to reductions in snowfall owing to winter warming and decreased precipitation in southern areas, but only to decreases in winter precipitation at higher latitudes. In southern Finland SWE and CSCD were associated with ACP affecting winter SAT (AO), and in central and northern parts with ACPs influencing winter precipitation (EA, EA/WR and AO). Analysis of snowmelt hydrology in Finland indicated that snowmelt flux has a much greater influence than rainfall on simulated peak snowpack outflow in Finland, which has decreased and shifted towards earlier in the year.
Regional ground-water evapotranspiration and ground- water budgets, Great Basin, Nevada
Runoff quality and quantity from green roofs and the impact of biochar amendment on runoff properties
Proceedings of the symposium: cold water hydrology, Fairbanks, AK, [July, 1986]
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
