http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15312 Flemish language
Flemish language
Multilingual dictionary of fishing vessels and safety on board
Tones and tunes. Volume 1, Typological studies in word and sentence prosody
Morphosyntactic categories and the expression of possession
What was the written culture behind visual artists like Vermeer, Rembrandt, and Rubens? What made the historical novel in nineteenth-century Flanders so different from its counterpart in Holland? What was the literary impact of the huge colonial empires run by the Netherlands and Belgium? What role did Latin, French, and Frisian play in the literary culture of the Low Countries through the ages? Why is experimental writing so prevalent in modern Dutch literature? What has made Cees Nooteboom an internationally acclaimed author? And how does Flemish relate to Dutch anyway? This first literary history of the Netherlands and Flanders in English since the 1970s answers these and many other questions. Written by a team of Dutch and Flemish subject specialists, it offers a comprehensive and authoritative account of the literature of the Dutch-speaking area from the medieval period up to the present day. While it focuses on literature written in Dutch, it also assesses the significance of writings in French, Latin, and Frisian. Contributors: Ton Anbeek, Willem van den Berg, Jaap Goedegebuure, E. K. Grootes, Anne Marie Musschoot, Frits van Oostrom, Herman Pleij, M. A. Schenkeveld-van der Dussen, Marleen de Vries. Theo Hermans is Professor of Dutch and Comparative Literature at University College London.
Theory and description in generative syntax : a case study in West Flemish
"How we address one another - whether we use first names, or titles and surnames, for example - says a great deal about who we are, our social relationships and which groups in society we belong to. This edited volume examines address choices in a range of everyday interactions - from radio interviews and service encounters to commercials and internet forums - taking place in Dutch, Finnish, Flemish, French, German, Italian and the two national varieties of Swedish, Finland Swedish and Sweden Swedish. By comparing local, national and cross-border address practices, this volume uncovers both commonalities and differences in the way social meaning is expressed and shaped through address. The chapters also highlight the importance of investigating the daily encounters that make up the social fabric of our lives. This book will be of great interest to researchers of intercultural and cross-cultural communication, interactional sociolinguistics, discourse analysis, conversation analysis and pragmatics"--
The language problem in Belgium
Tones and tunes. Volume 2, Experimental studies in word and sentence prosody
Address practice as social action : European perspectives
A literary history of the Low Countries
