http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15323 emergency care
emergency care
Emergency medicine secrets
Oxford American handbook of disaster medicine
UK ambulance services clinical practice guidelines 2016. Pocket book
Frontiers in whiplash trauma : clinical and biomechanical
Instructional methods in emergency services : a resource text designed for  EMS, fire, and rescue instructors
Emergency physiotherapy
Development of EEG measurement software for emergency medicine
Pedagogical, subject matter and technical expertise of emergency care teachers in a virtual learning environment : theoretical perspectives
Manual of emergency airway management
Basic life support provider : pediatric education for prehospital professionals
Mosby's comprehensive pediatric emergency care
JEMS : a journal of emergency medical services
Preplanning for EMS
Rapid : first responder
Emergency first aid : a guide for helping in emergencies
Manual of clinical paramedic procedures
Standards of emergency nursing practice
Flight nursing : principles and practice
"Emergent Management of Trauma is an effective handbook on trauma evaluation and management covering the breadth of injuries. The book incorporates a crisp outline approach, abundant illustrations, and careful organization. It includes important management algorithms and covers major traumatic injuries literally from top to bottom. It focuses on trauma in children, pregnancy, and the elderly"--Provided by publisher.
Emergency triage
Prehospital cardiac arrest and induction of mild hypothermia : studies on epidemiology and feasibility
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återuppliving-hjälp omedelbart = Resuscitation needed-help immediately
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol. 2
Comparing emergency medical services and paramedic education between Finland and England
Manual of pediatric emergency nursing
Abstract: The use of advanced life support unit in Kainuu.
Journal of emergency nursing
Mosby's EMT-basic textbook
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 2
Establishing a healthcare emergency response coalition
First aid in armed conflicts and other situations of violence
Mosby's primary care consultant
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice
Harris & Harris' the radiology of emergency medicine
Triage nursing secrets
Emergencies in children's and young people's nursing
Accident & emergency nursing : a new approach
Intravenous therapy for prehospital providers
Assessment skills for paramedics
Advanced practice nursing : Changing roles and clinical applications
Emergency nursing : an essential guide for patient care
Dive first responder
Paramedic field care : a complaint-based approach
Oxford handbook of accident and emergency medicine
Clinical procedures in emergency medicine
Ensiapu : opetuskuvia : opetuskuva-aineisto Suomen Punaisen Ristin kouluttajille : undervisningsbilder : undervisningsbilder för rödakorsutbildare = First aid : training material : training material for Red Cross instructors = Första hjälpen
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol.1
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide for nurses
Labour consumption models applied to motor-manual pre-commercial thinning in Finland
Emergency care and transportation of the sick and injured
Attachment band for EEG monitoring in emergency medicine
Emergent management of trauma
The trauma manual
Elvytystilanne - auta heti! / Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
Accident and emergency nursing
Ensiapu sairauskohtauksissa = First aid in attacks of illness = Första hjälpen vid sjukdomsattacker
Abstract: Orientation guide to ambulance service Kinnunen Ltd.
Manual of clinical trauma care : the first hour
Paramedic emergency care
Elvytystilanne : auta heti! = Återupplivning - hjälp omedelbart! = Resuscitation needed - help immediately!
Evaluation of pharyngeal devices for prehospital airway management
Sheehy's manual of emergency care
International trauma life support for emergency care providers
Prehospital management of acute myocardial infarction in a helicopter-based emergency medical service system
Elvytystilanne - kyky auttaa = Att återuppliva - att kunna hjälpa = Resuscitation - the ability to help
Mosby's paramedic textbook
EMT teaching : a common-sense approach
Trauma. Volume 1, Emergency resuscitation, perioperative anesthesia, surgical management
First aid manual : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, and the British Red Cross
Health care emergency management : principles and practice
Nurse practitioner acute care protocols : for emergency departments, urgent care centers, and family practices
Medical disaster response : a survival guide for hospitals in mass casualty events
European paediatric life support : ERC guidelines 2010 edition
Self-instructional workbook to paramedic emergency care
Outdoor emergency care : comprehensive prehospital care for nonurban settings
Airborne laser scanning based forest inventory for forest management by applying novel metrics and multiple data sources
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice / Vol. 1
Crisis management in acute care settings : human factors and team psychology in a high-stakes environment
Abstract: Paramedics' encounters in treatment of accidentally injured youngsters.
Wilderness medicine
Clinical manual of substance abuse
Hazardous materials for EMS : practices and procedures
Paramedic care : principles and practice : introduction to advanced prehospital care
Tintinalli's emergency medicine : a comprehensive study guide
Brunner and Suddarth's textbook of medical-surgical nursing
Emergency nursing secrets
Wilderness and rescue medicine
Advanced medical life support : an assessment-based approach
Emergency imaging
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 3
Doctor on board : your practical guide to medical emergencies at sea
Disaster management and response
Advanced medical life support : a practical approach to adult medical emergencies
Mosby's emergency dictionary : EMS, rescue, and special operations
Management of wounds and  burns
Evidence-based emergency nursing practice : state of the science and recommendations for the profession
Textbook on First Aid and Emergency Nursing
Handbook of emergency department procedures
Emergency first aid : the authorised manual of St. John Ambulance, St. Andrew's Ambulance Association, and the British Red Cross
Sanders' paramedic textbook
Advanced life support : ERC guidelines 2010 edition
Atlas of emergency procedures
Emergency care and first aid for nurses : a practical guide
Emergency nursing procedures
Emergency medical services
The emergency obstetric care indicators described in this handbook can be used to measure progress in a programmatic continuum: from the availability of and access to emergency obstetric care to the use and quality of those services. This handbook is an update of an earlier publication on monitoring the availability and use of obstetric services, issued by UNICEF, WHO and UNFPA in 1997. This revision incorporates changes based on monitoring and assessment conducted worldwide and the emerging evidence on the topic over the years, and has been agreed by an international panel of experts. It includes two new indicators and an additional signal function, with updated evidence and new resources.--Publisher's description.
Current diagnosis & treatment : emergency medicine
Special events medical services
Prehospital and hospital management of abdominal trauma
Monitoring emergency obstetric care : a handbook
Emergency medicine. Volume 2
Rosen's emergency medicine : concepts and clinical practice. Vol. 1
Emergency First Responder Program Marketing Plan
"Edited by a renowned musculoskeletal radiologist and an internationally recognized Emergency Radiologist, and enhanced by contributions from invited acknowledged authorities, the Fifth Edition of this comprehensive reference is unsurpassed as a source of practical information on imaging of the acutely ill and injured patient during the acute phase of their emergent admission. Ideal for both the radiologist and for all members of the emergency team, the text builds upon current applications of plain-film radiography--while adding substantial coverage of other modalities, including MPCT and MRI. The fifth edition has again strived to keep up with the changing technology in diagnostic imaging in addition to emphasizing current practice in EDs and trauma centers. New chapters on imaging of skull fractures, maxillofacial trauma, chest trauma, and the acetabulum have been added to this volume to emphasize the importance of these areas with respect to imaging techniques and changes in clinical diagnosis and practice. In addition to redefining the importance of standard radiographs, the fifth edition has incorporated high-quality multidetector computed tomographic (CT) images, 3-D reformations, and magnetic resonance imaging to provide new information with evolving clinical practice" -- Provided by publisher.
Abstract: Ambulance patients pain assessment and treatment Pohjois-Savo region rescue department Kuopios paramedic units K190 and K191.
Crisis standards of care : summary of a workshop series
Emergency nursing
Nursing the acutely ill adult : case book
Foundations for paramedic practice : a theoretical perspective
Paediatric advanced life support : a practical guide
ECG cases for EMS
EMS world
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Oxford handbook of emergency medicine
Atlas of emergency medicine
Oxford handbook of emergency nursing
Emergency care for children
Manual of emergency medicine
Essentials of Immediate Medical Care
Emergency nursing : principles and practice
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
Tactical emergency care : military and operational out-of-hospital medicine
Journal of emergency medicine
Advanced practice nursing : an integrative approach
Field guide to wilderness medicine
Communicating in hospital emergency departments
Emergency nursing core curriculum
Practical emergency medicine
Mental health policy in Britain
