http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15375 trombone
trombone
Essential elements for band : comprehensive band method. Trombone book 1
Christian Lindberg : the total musician
Solos for the trombone player /smith   +liite
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child : Tommy Dorsey trombone solos with piano accompaniment ; arranged by Lewis Raymond
Get up your foot
The Andrews Sisters with the Glenn Miller Orchestra
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Trombone/baritone/bassoon : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
Schule für Zugposaune = New method for slide trombone. Teil 2
Play the trombone
Rico's Message : Jamaican Jazz
Päivittäisiä harjoituksia jazzpasuunalle = Daily exercises for jazz trombone
Clef studies for trombone
Introducing the trombone : the individualized instruction : premilinary book : trombone
Tunes for two. Easy duets for trombones : thirty popular melodies
Four miniatures : for trombone and piano
A new tune a day : for trombone. Book 1.
Play trombone today! : the ultimate self-teaching method!
Mr. Trombone : the Kai Winding method of jazz trombone improvisation
Easy jazz conception : Trombone : 15 solo etudes for jazz phrasing, interpretation and improvisation
Tropia : for trombone and piano
Méthode complète de trombone a coulisse : nouvelle edition en trois volumes = Complete method of slide-trombone. Volume 1
The Boosey brass method : trombone. Book 1.
The complete Decca sessions 1954/55
Essential jazz lines : in the style [of] Charlie Parker. Trombone edition
Schule für Zugposaune : new method for slide trombone. Teil 1
Full circle : from be bop to hip hop..
First year popular solos for trombone : vol. 1
Rubank intermediate method. Trombone or baritone
60 studies for trombone : volume I
Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band 1944/45
The ACT jubilee concert
Get yourself to Jackson Square
Master solos : trombone : intermediate level
Rockband : Trombone
The moon, the stars and you : collectors edition
Schule für Zugposaune = New method for slide trombone. Teil I-III
Schule für Zugposaune : Teil 1 = New method for slide trombone
Rubank advanced method. Trombone or baritone : vol. II
Trombone fantasy
The Glenn Miller Story : volume 1
Rubank elementary method. Trombone or baritone
Every one of us
Easy play instrumental solos : trombone or baritone and other bass clef instruments
Studienwerke und Unterhaltungsstücke für Zugposaune = Studies and concert pieces for the trombone. Heft 2, Technische Studien
The trombone in the Renaissance : a history in pictures and documents
Posaunen-ABC : für Tenorposaune in B = Trombone ABC = Harsona-ABC
Rubank trombone symphony : a collection of compositions especially adapted for 4 trombones (baritone and tuba ad lib.) and recommended for class work
The Eddie Bert trombone method
Contemporary jazz studies. Volume 2, Trombone : For all bass clef instruments
Posaunen-ABC = Trombone ABC = Harsona -ABC : für Tenorposaune in B.
Méthode complète de trombone a coulisse : nouvelle edition en trois volumes = Complete method of slide-trombone. Volume 3
The boy at the gate
Doodles : Excercises for mastering jazz trombone
Christian Lindberg unaccompanied
Studienwerke und Unterhaltungsstücke für Zugposaune = Studies and concert pieces for the trombone. Heft 2, Technische Studien. Technische Studien
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations. Trombone. Grades 1-5
He's got the whole world in his hand
Solos for trombone : 44 recital pieces with piano accompaniment
Eazy jazzy 'tudes : tenor trombone studies (bass clef)
Intermediate jazz conception. Trombone
Advanced daily drills : for trombone (tenor bass) and tuba
Contemporary jazz studies. Volume 1, Trombone : For all bass clef instruments
Team brass : trombone/euphonium (bass clef)
The trombonist's handbook : a complete guide to playing and teaching the trombone
Schule für Zugposaune : new method for slide trombone
Rubank elementary metrhod : trombone or baritone
Book of easy trombone solos : with a companion CD
The Boosey brass method : trombone. Book 2.
The J.J. Johnson collection
Learn as you play trombone and euphonium
40 progressive etudes for trombone
Free to solo : an easy approach to improvising in funk, soul, latin, folk and jazz styles. Trombone
The Jazz trombone primer
Sing clap and play : trombone. Book 1
The trombone
Wishbone
Pop & rock hits. Trombone : Instrumental solos. Level 2-3
THE TRUMPET AND TROMBONE
Timeless Historical presents The Charleston Chasers. Volume 1, 1925-1930
Method for Trombone. 1a
Trombone student : [Student instrumental course - level two (Intermediate)]
The Slokar Trombones
Irish favorites : trombone
Duke's s'bones : Ellington's great trombonists
Mel Bay's more fun with the trombone : big note - easy solos
Rubank advanced method : Vol. II : trombone or baritone : an outlined course of study designed to follow up any of the various elementary and intermediate methods
Essential jazz lines : Bass clef edition : upright bass, trombone, bass guitar, cello : in the style of "Cannonball" Adderley
Creole Classics : original 1944-1947 recordings
Methode complete pour trombone basse, tuba, saxhorns basses et contrebasse = Complete method for bass-trombone, tuba, bass and couter-bass saxhorn
Schule für Zugposaune = New method for slide trombone. Teil 1.
Lip flexibilities : three volumes : from the Charles Colin Complete modern method for trombone or bass cleff baritone : [including vol. 1, vol. 2 and vol. 3]
Rubank intermediate method : trombone or baritone
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
The Canadian Brass book of intermediate trombone solos : with a companion CD
School for alto-trombone
Student's essential studies for trombone : a sequential collection of 42 standard etudes for the advancing student
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
Community swing : early original recordings 1937-1938. Vol. 2
The breathing book : tenor trombone edition
10 easy jazz duets : for trombone, accoustic/electric bass : Bass clef edition
Jazz classics : trombone
Schule für Zugposaune : New Method for slide Trombone. Teil 1
Studienwerke und Unterhaltungsstücke für Zugposaune = Studies and concert pieces for trombone. Heft 1, Technische Studien = Technical studies
Think well of me
Old bottles - new wine
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Schule für Zugposaune = New method for slide trombone. Teil 3
Schule für Zugposaune = New method for slide trombone. Teil 1
Trombone
Fast-track trombone
Warm-up book : tenor trombone studies (bass clef)
Blow your horn ; Brixton cat
Schule für Zugposaune : Teil 1 = New method for slide trombone. 1
The art of trombone playing
First year popular solos for trombone. Volume 1
The sax & brass book
David N. Baker's contemporary techniques for the trombone : Foundation excercises for the jazz player : vibrato and other special effects : Tod-ul tongue
Concertpiece : op.88 : for trombone and piano
Coordination for trombone playing : coordination training program
Jazz conception : Bass trombone : 21 solo etudes for jazz phrasing, interpretation and improvisation
Steve Turre
Jazz trombone : concepts, ideas and examples
Essential rock : Trombone
60 greatest hits : Trombone
Learn as you play trombone & euphonium : bass clef edition
Bringing back the funk
Rubank advanced method. Trombone or baritone : vol. I.
A study of Paul Hindemith's use of the trombone as seen in selected chamber compositions
The young trombonist : a series of graded arrangements for trombone and piano. Volume 1
Intermediate jazz conception : Trombone : 15 great solo etudes for jazz style and improvisation..
Essential elements for jazz ensemble : Trombone : a comprehensive method for jazz style and improvisation
Studienwerke und Unterhaltungsstücke : für Zugposaune = Studies and concert pieces for the trombone. Heft 2, Technische Studien = Technical studies
That man is forward
Contemporary techniques for the trombone : a revolutionary approach to the problems of music in the twentieth century. Vol. 2
The trombone soloist : a collection of 48 celebrated solos for trombone or baritone with or without piano accompaniment
