http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15365 German identity
German identity
The gravedigger's daughter
Searching for a new German identity : Heiner Müller and the Geschichtsdrama
The shaping of German identity : authority and crisis, 1245-1414
Music and German national identity
The changes that followed the fall of the Berlin Wall in November 1989 were particularly dramatic for East Germans. With the German Democratic Republic effectively taken over by West Germany in the reunification process, nothing in their lives was immune from change and upheaval: from the way they voted, the newspapers they read, to the brand of butter they bought. But what was it really like to go from living under communism one minute, to capitalism the next? What did the East Germans make of capitalism? And how do they remember the GDR today? Are their memories dominated by fear and loathin.
Sweeping the German nation : domesticity and national identity in Germany, 1870-1945
Early Germanic literature and culture
Germany : memories of a nation
McDeutsch : Protokolle zur Globalisierung der deutschen Sprache = Protocols on the globalization of the German language
German national identity after the Holocaust
German thought and culture : from the Holy Roman Empire to the present day
Springtime for Germany
Culture shock! : a survival guide to customs and etiquette : Germany / Richard Lord
Reluctant meister : how Germany's past is shaping its European future
German diasporic experiences : identity, migration, and loss
A Berlin republic : writings on Germany
Rhine crossings : France and Germany in love and war
Born in the GDR : life in the shadow of the wall
The German myth of the East : 1800 to the present
Critics called for the great Berlin novel that could explain what was happening to Germany and the Germans. The non-arrival of the great Berlin novel marks the reorientation in German culture and literature that is the focus of this work. It tells the story of Germany's past and of its importance for the formation of a new German identity.
The longing for myth in Germany : religion and aesthetic culture from romanticism to Nietzsche
Politics, death and the devil : self and power in Max Weber and Thomas Mann
Anselm Kiefer/Paul Celan : myth, mourning and memory
The inverted mirror : mythologizing the enemy in France and Germany 1898-1914
Constructing a German diaspora : the "Greater German Empire," 1871-1914
Writing the new Berlin : the German capital in post-wall literature
The intellectual unmasked : Sven Hedin's political life from pan-Germanism to national socialism : a dissertation submitted to the faculty of the graduate school of the University of Minnesota
Imagined Germany : Richard Wagner's national utopia
The German soul : (the land of Dwarves)
Images of Germany : perceptions and conceptions
Being German, becoming Muslim : race, religion, and conversion in the new Europe
The dear purchase : a theme in German modernism
German identity began to take shape in the late Middle Ages during a period of political weakness and fragmentation for the Holy Roman Empire, the monarchy under which most Germans lived. Between the thirteenth and fifteenth centuries, the idea that there existed a single German people, with its own lands, language and character, became increasingly widespread, as was expressed in written works of the period. This book - the first on its subject in any language - poses a challenge to some dominant assumptions of current historical scholarship: that early European nation-making inevitably took place within the developing structures of the institutional state; and that, in the absence of such structural growth, the idea of a German nation was uniquely, radically and fatally retarded. In recounting the formation of German identity in the late Middle Ages, this book offers an important new perspective both on German history and on European nation-making.
