http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15327 youth
youth adolescence
Almost English
Wandering son. Volume two
"Diabetes and Wellbeing is a practical guide for those newly-diagnosed with diabetes, for individuals who have been managing the challenges of diabetes for many years, and the professionals who help those who deal with the complications of diabetes. This volume presents proven techniques for improving emotional wellbeing and is the first to take an explicitly CBT approach to diabetes. Positive Diabetes addresses the need for this kind of information among individuals with diabetes and healthcare providers"--
Childhood and youth : a universal odyssey
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
Cries in the drizzle : a novel
The evaluation of intercultural youth exchange
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
What's a girl gotta do?
A certain smile
The loney
Gene mapping for type 1 diabetes using a high density genotyping array platform
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Act your age! : a cultural construction of adolescence
The girls : a novel
What became of you, my love?
My losing season
Songs of childhood
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 6
Things we knew were true
Grace and Mary
Diet, microbies and gut immune responses in the pathogenesis of experimental type 1 diabetes
Social inclusion for young people: breaking down the barriers
Love and friendship and other youthful writings
We only saw happiness
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Tom Daley
Harvey Pekar's Cleveland
What can parents do? : new insights into the role of parents in adolescent problem behavior
Physical activity from adolescence to adulthood and health-related fitness at age 31:cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses of the Northern Finland birth cohort of 1966
Wandering son. Volume five
A French novel
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 5
Monochrome days : a firsthand account of one teenager's experience with depression
At the threshold : the developing adolescent
Punk rock & trailer parks
Developmental psychology : from infancy to adulthood
Are our current ways of talking about "the problem of adolescence" really that different than those of past generations? For the past decade, Act Your Age! has provided a provocative and now classic analysis of the accepted ways of viewing teens. By employing a groundbreaking "history of the present" methodology that resists traditional chronology, author Nancy Lesko analyzes both historical and present social and political factors that produce the presumed "natural adolescent." This resulting seminal work in the field of youth study forces readers to rethink the dominant interpretations on the social construction of adolescence from the 19th century through the present day. This new edition is updated throughout and includes a full new chapter on 1950s-era assumptions about adolescence and the corresponding connections to teens today. As in all chapters, Lesko provides careful examination of the concerns of nationalism, sexuality, and social order in terms of how they are projected onto the definitions of adolescents in the media, in schools, and in the home.
Coming of age in post-Soviet Russia
My history : a memoir of growing up
Journal of youth and adolescence
Precocious
Men, years - life. Vol. I : Childhood and youth
In between : stories o leaving childhood
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
With or without you : a memoir
Upstairs at the party
The melancholy death of oyster boy & other stories
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 4
The tender bar : a memoir
Have you been good? : a memoir
Other people's countries : a journey into memory
Night of triumph
Understand child development
The girl who wrote loneliness
Kinder than solitude : a novel
With the light : Raising an autistic child. 8
Uncle, aunt and Jezebel
"The psychological impact of dealing with the stress of the daily management of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes can be arduous and challenging. Yet this area is rarely discussed in medical settings despite the fact that the emotional context can undermine the person's ability to stay motivated in the essential self-care tasks that are vital for good health.Diabetes and Wellbeing presents a range of research-based psychological principles that have been demonstrated to positively impact emotional wellbeing. It covers a broad spectrum of diabetes care from managing the initial diagnosis, overcoming depression and diabetes 'burnout', dealing effectively with fears and anxiety, managing food and weight issues and eating disorders, coping with the impact of sexual difficulties, and communicating with healthcare professionals.Jen Nash effectively guides the reader through strategies for better management of the issues associated with living with diabetes, moving individuals towards greater physical and psychological wellbeing and - as a result - a healthier future. This innovative yet practical guide is invaluable for individuals living with diabetes, those supporting others with diabetes, and healthcare professionals involved in the care of patients with diabetes"--
Mathias and Mathilda
Early and middle childhood: growth, abuse and delinquency : and its effect on the individual, family, and community
The nature of adolescence
Celebrated Summer
With or without you
Lost at sea
Adolescent development : the essential readings
The way back home
Identity development in adolescence : coping with commitments
The evenings
Same difference and other stories
The hive
Sex, snogs, dates and mates
Wandering son. Volume three
Dead gods : the 27 club
Individual, family and teacher level correlates of behavioral and cognitive school engagement
Just like proper grown-ups
Identity : youth and crisis
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Suspected motor problems and low preference for active play in childhood are associated with physical inactivity and low fitness in adolescence
The day gone by : an autobiography
Youth depression : young people's distress in relation to the cultural conceptions of depression
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Ultimate Iron Man : Ultimate collection
Adolescent psychology
Becoming adult in a changing society
A portrait of the artist as a young man
The virgin suicides
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
The house at Sugar Beach : in search of a lost African childhood
The twelve days of Dash & Lily
Chernobyl strawberries
Kafka on the shore
Ham on rye
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Children's geographies
Swimming to Elba
The young adult : identity and awareness
The testing of ego development using the washington university sentence sompletion test (WUSCT) on finnish adolescents
Journal of youth and adolescence : a multidisciplinary research publication
The effect of blood glucose on the vasculature in young patients with type 1 diabetes
Trouble in my head : a young girl's fight with depression
Brief loves that live forever
Too cool to be forgotten
Assessment of risk for type 1 diabetes in children of affected families and in the general population : role of immunological and metabolic markers
Young girls : a portrait of adolescence
Diabetes and wellbeing : managing the psychological and emotional challenges of diabetes types 1 and 2
Problems of adolescence in the secondary school
Encyclopedia of adolescence
A man in love. My struggle book 2
Self-control at the heart of successful development
The story of a new name
Preclinical type 1 diabetes : natural course and predictive characteristics in siblings of affected children
Adolescence and youth : Psychological development in a changing world
Lark rise to Candleford
Substance use disorders in adolescence: comorbidity, temporality of onset and socio-demographic background:
a study of adolescent psychiatric inpatients in Northern Finland
The girls
The sense of an ending
Missouri boy
Adolescence : the farewell to childhood
Dear me : a letter to my sixteen-year-old self
Always running : la vida loca, gang days in L.A
Sorsapukki : source to my mind
Adolescent development and adjustment
Men to boys : the making of modern immaturity
Whipping boy : the forty-year search for my twelve-year-old bully
Encyclopedia of adolescence. Vol. 2, M-index
Young atheist's handbook : lessons for living a good life without God
Lifelines and risks : pathways of youth in our time
Youth in society : contemporary theory, policy and practice
In this collection of 20 comic strips, Lynda Barry wrestles with some of her 100 demons in her signature quirky, irrepressible voice.
Brewster : A novel
Bringing the summer
Detection of enterovirus infection in pancreas tissue
Educational studies: a second level course. E202 Schooling and society : Block V: Culture and class. Units 27-28, Youth, generations and social class
The wooden chair
Wandering son. Volume four
The rest just follows, or, Up here
Wandering son. Volume six
When broken glass floats : growing up under the Khmer rouge
Spit and passion
Adrian and the tree of secrets
The German lesson
Amortality : the pleasures and perils of living agelessly
Bridge
Woolgathering
Coming of age in America : growth and acquiescence
The quitter
Young people with Diabetes Mellitus type 1 and self care
Clobal negative self-evaluations in early adolescence
Contemporary adolescence : a social psychological approach
The lost landscape : a writer's coming of age
Is timing everything? : a longitudinal perspective on adult transitions, their antecedents, and psychological implications
The Beatles
Adolescent fatherhood
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Mad girl's love song : Sylvia Plath and life before Ted
Virginia Woolf. volume one : Virginia Stephen 1882-1912: a biography
This river awakens
What's happening to me?
