http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1536 soul
soul
Grace or dignity? : contradictions in Schiller's notion of humanity
Aquinas on the beginning and end of human life
The problem of consciousness : essays towards a resolution
Lost souls : the philosophic origins of a cultural dilemma
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Death of the soul : from Descartes to the computer
The science of the soul : the commentary tradition on Aristotle's De anima, c. 1260-c. 1360.
The afterlife of the Platonic soul : reflections of Platonic psychology in the monotheistic religions
John Blund - Treatise on the soul
The enneads
Limits and renewals. Vol. 2, A parliament of souls
The natural history of the soul in ancient Mexico
Psyche : on the development of the soul. Part 1, The unconscious
The soul bird
Inner life and soul : Psychê in Plato
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 3, Meteorologica; De mundo; De anima; Parva naturalia; De spiritu
Reincarnation in Philo of Alexandria
Substance among other categories
Kant's dialectic
The ego trick
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 2, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
The elementary forms of the religious life : a study in religious sociology
What about the soul? : neuroscience and Christian anthropology
Ancient soul in action : rationality and question of unity in Homer, Socrates and Plato
On Aristotle On the Soul 1.1-2.4
The mirror of life and death
Only the animals
'The second part', chapters IV-XLI
Death be not proud : the problem of the afterlife
Coraline :  the graphic novel
Aristotle on life and death
Selfless persons : imagery and thought in Theravāda Buddhism
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
What awaits us beyond the grave is perhaps the fundamental human mystery. Visionary accounts of the afterlife are attested long before the Common Era, and loomed large in the imaginative universe of early Christianity. The medieval Irish inherited and further transformed this tradition, producing vivid eschatological narratives which had a profound impact throughout Europe as well as being works of remarkable literary and spiritual power in their own right. Under the headings 'Soul and Body', 'The Seven Heavens', 'The Next World', and 'The Judgement and its Signs', this book presents critical editions, with translation and commentary, of 26 eschatological texts from the Old, Middle, and Early Modern Irish periods, together with related material in Latin and Old English. Some of these works are here edited for the first time. Extended essays survey Irish eschatological literature a whole, and place it in its wider context; and the volume concludes with a comprehensive handlist of Irish eschatological compositions.
Adam and Eve and Pinocchio : on being and becoming human
The enigma of the mind : the mind-body problem in contemporary thought
Bodies and souls, or spirited bodies?
Medieval perspectives on Aristotle's De anima
The secret language of the soul
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
The science of the soul : consisting of [Discourses and excerpts from letters]
The Idea of the soul
Tahitians : mind and experience in the Society Islands
Monopsychism, mysticism, metaconsciousness : problems of the soul in the neoaristotelian and neoplatonic tradition
Brain and mind
This book is a clear and concise history of the soul in western philosophy, from Plato to cutting-edge contemporary work in philosophy of mind. * Packed with arguments for and against a range of different, historically significant philosophies of the soul* Addresses the essential issues, including mind-body interaction, the causal closure of the physical world, and the philosophical implications of the brain sciences for the soul's existence * Includes coverage of theories from key figures, such as Plato, Aquinas, Locke, Hume, and Descartes* Unique in combining the history of ideas and the development of a powerful case for a non-reductionist, non-materialist account of the soul.
A Borneo journey into death : Berawan eschatology from its rituals
John the Solitary on the soul
The human place in the cosmos
The soul
Orthodox psychotherapy : (the science of the Fathers)
Image and imagination of the religious self in late medieval and early modern Europe
The Holy War
Ancient soul in action : rationality and question of Unity in Homer, Socrates and Plato
Thomas Fool alone has survived the wrath of both demon and angel, and now he faces his most thrilling and complex challenge. Troubling and deadly fires are spreading throughout Hell, and it is Fool's job to sift the ashes and find their source. The clues he finds are mysterious and unsettling, implying something different from the usual litany of cruelty he sees. But one fact is the most disconcerting: the fires have left his masters at the Bureaucracy terrified. In the midst of the chaos, Fool is sent to accompany a political delegation to Heaven. It is unprecedented for a condemned human to enter the land of the elevated, but Fool is protected as one of Hell's own. When his arrival coincides with the discovery of an impossible murder, he faces a catastrophic paradox. Violence, corruption, and fear are Hell's currency; how does one investigate evil where those concepts cannot exist? Impossible or not, the killings are real, and the evidence leads Fool deep into the contradictions of a visionary landscape, where danger can present itself in any form, and to the heart of a conspiracy with the power to upset the balance of Heaven and Hell.
The organ of the soul: the brain or the heart? : lecture presented at the Human(e) Brain Symposium on May 24, 2004.
The jaguar and the priest : an ethnography of Tzeltal souls
The flicker men
Fathomless
Thirst. 4 : The shadow of death
The Devil's evidence
Plotinus on the soul
Robert Kilwardby on the human soul : plurality of forms and censorship in the thirteenth century
Transformations of the soul : Aristotelian psychology, 1250-1650
Descartes' error : emotion, reason, and the human brain
Mystic endowment : religious ethnography of the Warao Indians
The astonishing hypothesis : the scientific search for the soul
Intertwined
Concept of duša (soul) in Russian culture and its reflection in Russian language and phraseology
Mind, brain, and the quantum : the compound 'I'
One of the greatest British philosophers, Bishop Berkeley (1685-1753) was the founder of the influential doctrine of Immaterialism - the belief that there is no reality outside the mind, and that the existence of material objects depends upon their being perceived. The Principles of Human Knowledge eloquently outlines this philosophical concept, and argues forcefully that the world consists purely of finite minds and ideas, and of an infinite spirit, God. A denial of all non-spiritual reality, Berkeley's theory was at first heavily criticized by his contemporaries, who feared its ideas would lead to scepticism and atheism. The Three Dialogues provide a powerful response to these fears.
Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
Gray matters : an introduction to the philosophy of mind
How to solve the mind-body problem
Sacred play : soul-journeys in contemporary Irish theatre
The arguments for the immortality of soul in the first half of the thirteenth century
Metaphysics, soul, and ethics in ancient thought : themes from the work of Richard Sorabji
"This is a new critical edition of Berkeley's 1734 (third edition, first 1713) Three Dialogues, a text that is deservedly one of the most challenging and beloved classics of modern philosophy. The heart of the work is the dispute between materialism and idealism, two fundamentally opposed positions that are embodied by Hylas and Philonous, the characters in this philosophical drama. The book is packed with brilliant arguments and counter-arguments of an extraordinarily sophisticated nature. Amid all this philosophical swordplay one would think that there could be scant room for the characters to develop any sort of personality. Yet in Berkeley's hands, and with his literary gifts, the interlocutors are both vivid and funny. The dialogue deals with some of the most important perennial problems of philosophy, including: the materialism-idealism dispute, skepticism in rationalist and empiricist epistemology, the conflict over apriorism and aposteriorism, rationalism versus empiricism, the existence and nature of God, the philosophy of science, philosophy of mathematics, abstract general ideas, the role of perception in human knowledge, and the metaphysics of causation. This edition combines a usefully annotated version of Berkeley's complete original text with a substantial critical introduction, a chronology of events in Berkeley's life and career, and supplementary annotated appendices of original sources from thinkers relevant to Berkeley's work."--Publisher's website.
Partitioning the soul : debates from Plato to Leibniz
The powers of Aristotle's soul
The good life with Jesse Dylan : redefining health with the greatest visionaries of our time
Striking the chords of spirit and flesh in Polish poetry : a serendipity
The Devil's detective
The problem of the rational soul in the thirteenth century
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 1, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
The soul hypothesis : investigations into the existence of the soul
Without the least tremor : the sacrifice of Socrates in Plato's Phaedo
Death and immortality in late Neoplatonism : studies on the ancient commentaries on Plato's Phaedo
The Cambridge companion to Malebranche
On the soul. Part 1, Soul as form of the body, parts of the soul, nourishment, and perception
The problem of the soul : two visions of mind and how to reconcile them
The church, the afterlife and the fate of the soul : papers read at the 2007 summer meeting and the 2008 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
From soul to self
Ibn Waḥshiyya on the soul : neoplatonic soul doctrine and the treatise on the soul contained in the Nabatean agriculture
Malebranche' theory of the soul : a Cartesian interpretation
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 1, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
When souls had wings : pre-mortal existence in Western thought
On Aristotle 'On the soul'
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 1
Principles of human knowledge ; and, Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
The idea of the pre-existence of the soul has been extremely important, widespread, and persistent throughout Western history--from even before the philosophy of Plato to the poetry of Robert Frost. When Souls Had Wings offers the first systematic history of this little explored feature of Western culture. Terryl Givens describes the tradition of pre-existence as "pre-heaven"--the place where unborn souls wait until they descend to earth to be born. And typically it is seen as a descent--a falling away from a happier and untroubled state into the turbulent and sinful world we know. The title of the book refers to the idea put forward in antiquity that our souls begin with wings, and that only after shedding those wings do we fall to earth. The book not only traces the history of the idea of pre-existence, but also captures its meaning for those who have embraced it. Givens describes how pre-existence has been invoked to explain "the better angels of our nature," including the human yearning for transcendence and the sublime. Pre-existence has been said to account for why we know what we should not know, whether in the form of a Greek slave's grasp of mathematics, the moral sense common to humanity, or the human ability to recognize universals. The belief has explained human bonds that seem to have their own mysterious prehistory, salved the wounded sensibility of a host of thinkers who could not otherwise account for the unevenly distributed pain and suffering that are humanity's common lot, and has been posited by philosophers and theologians alike to salvage the principle of human freedom and accountability. When Souls had Wings underscores how durable (and controversial) this idea has been throughout the history of Western thought, the theological dangers it has represented, and how prominently it has featured in poetry, literature, and art.
Studies in Japanese folklore
Perception and the internal senses : Peter of John Olivi on the cognitive functions of the sensitive soul
Life's form : late Aristotelian conceptions of the soul
The self and its brain
Early psychological thought : ancient accounts of mind and soul
Aristotle's idea of the soul
The complete idiot's guide to life after death
Mind and body : psychology of emotion and stress
Death : the great adventure
"A running stream they dare na cross"
Perceptions of ecclesia : church and soul in medieval dedication sermons
Physical being : a theory for a corporeal psychology
Thomas Aquinas on human nature : a philosophical study of Summa theologiae Ia 75-89
A brief history of the soul
Supplement to "On the soul"
Lawless mind
Body and mind : readings in philosophy
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Minds and bodies : an introduction with readings
Greek models of mind and self
Justice is conflict
Wishes fulfilled : mastering the art of manifesting
In defense of the soul : what it means to be human
Overcoming modernity : synchronicity and image-thinking
"Tell him to follow me as quickly as possible" : Plato's Phaedo (60c-63c) on taking one's own life
More than matter? : what humans really are
One
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
The human soul
The mind's I : fantasies and reflections on self and soul
Birds with human souls : a guide to bird symbolism
Philosophy of mind
Questions on the soul = Quastiones de anima
Pets are forever : amazing true stories of angelic animals
The Akashic records : unlock the infinite power, wisdom and energy of the universe
St. Thomas and the problem of the soul in the thirteenth century
A new theory of vision : and other select philosophical writings
Ultimate ambiguities : investigating death and liminality
Ethnophilosophical and ethnolinguistic perspectives on the Huron Indian soul
Theurgy and the soul : the neoplatonism of Iamblichus
Become like the angels : Origen's doctrine of the soul
The soul and its mechanism : the problem of psychology
Merely mortal? : can you survive your own death?
The end and beyond : medieval Irish eschatology. Volume 2
The anatomy of the soul : historical essays in the philosophy of mind
Natural grace : dialogues on creation, darkness, and the soul in spirituality and science
Freud and man's soul
Dark nights of the soul : a guide to finding your way through life's ordeals
Aristotle's 'De anima' : translated into Hebrew by Zerahyah ben Isaac ben Shealtiel Hen
The symbol of the soul from Hölderlin to Yeats : a study in metonymy
Reinventing the body, resurrecting the soul : how to create a new self
Learning by caring : a follow-up study of participants in a specialized training program in pastoral care and counceling
Plato's Phaedo : proceedings of the second Symposium Platonicum Pragense
The body and the self
