http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15310 bryology
bryology
Miscellaneous notes on Mniaceae (Bryophyta). 2
The distribution of Aulacomnium androgynum and A. turgidum (Musci, Aulacomniaceae) in northwestern Europe
The moss genus Plagiomnium Kop. sect. Rosulata (Kindb.) in northwestern Europe
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae, Bryopsida
Abstract.
A monograph of Plagiomnium sect. Rosulata (Mniaceae)
In celebration of Dr. John J. Engel : a tribute to 40 years in bryology
State of Nordic bryology today and tomorrow : abstracts and shorter communications from a meeting in Trondheim December 1995
Bryophytes and seedless vascular plants : Adolf Engler's Syllabus der Pflanzenfamilien
A monograph of the Ptychomniacaea (Bryopsida)
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus and his collection of letters
Drepanocladus lapponicus (Norrl.) Z. Smirn. in Finnland
New frontiers in bryology : physiology, molecular biology, and functional genomics
The genus Plagiochila (Hepaticae) in Finland
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus and Musci in "Symbolae Sinicae"
The southern element in the moss flora of Utsjoki, Inari Lapland, North Finland
Anastrophyllum cavifolium, comb. nova (Hepaticae, Jungermanniaceae)
The distribution of Rhytidiadelphus and Hylocomium in Finland
The moss Physcomitrella patens
The liverwort flora of Antarctica
Proceedings of the Congress of East Asiatic Bryology, Helsinki, August 12-19, 1990
Bryophyte biology
Scapania kaurinii Ryan in Finland and Scandinavia
Compilation of Musci in Symbolae sinicae in the light of H. Handel-Mazzetti's letters to V. F. Brotherus
Field bryology
A taxonomic monograph of the genus Pinnatella (Neckeraceae, Bryopsida)
Studies on Sphagnum L. 2: synopsis of the distribution in Finland and adjacent parts of Norway and the U.S.S.R
Journal of bryology
The moss genus Cinclidium (Mniaceae) in Finland
Abstract: The area studied lies in northernmost Finland, within the subarctic vegetation zone, where Lapland Birch forest is the dominant plant community...
Taxonomic studies of the Bartramiaceae (Bryopsida)
Ecology of asexual reproduction in hepatics
Introduction to bryology
The Tuomikoski letters to Herman Persson. A tribute to the tradition of Nordic field bryology
Bryogeography of expedition area, Axel Heiberg Island, N. W. T., Canada
Contributions to the Bryological Flora of the North-Western Himalaya
Distribution of Rhodobryum roseum in Finland in the light of line survey and frequency maps
Early bryological literature : a descriptive bibliography of selected publications treating Musci during the first decades of the nineteenth century and especially of the years 1825, 1826 and 1827
The biography of professor Risto Tuomikoski: Bryologist, entomologist, linguistic, mycologist, vegetation scientist and ecologist
