http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15350 land law
land law
The round house
Multidimensional change in the Republic of Sudan (1989-2011) : reshaping livelihoods, conflicts, and identities
Defending diversity : case studies
Cases and statutes on land law
Are we entitled to our land? : a study of six informal settlements
European Land Law
An introduction to the history of the land law
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
Foreign investment, law and sustainable development : a handbook on agriculture and extractive industries
Land law and land ownership in Africa : case studies from colonial and contemporary Cameroon and Tanzania
Land, law and environment : mythical land, legal boundaries
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
A manual of the law of real property
A history of the land law
Land law : cases and materials
European Convention on Human Rights and transition of the legal culture : reception of the argumentation of the European Court of Human Rights by the Finnish supreme jurisdictions
Land registration forms : being a companion volume to Concise land registration practice
China and other emerging actors in Africa
People meet the law : control and conflict-handling in the courts : the Nordic countries in the post-Reformation and pre-industrial period
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 6-100, Property : legal precedents
Actualizing Sámi rights : international comparative research.
Aboriginal title : the modern jurisprudence of tribal land rights
The Arab region, an uncertain future
Introduction to land law
Accountable arguments : a rhetorical and ethnomethodological approach to local level argumentation on the rearrangement of land and water rights in the Saami area
Textbook on land law
How are indigenous and local people faring in their dealings with mining and related industries in the first part of the 21st century? The unifying experience in all the resource-rich states covered in the book is the social and economic disadvantage experienced by indigenous peoples and local communities, paradoxically surrounded by wealth-producing projects. Another critical commonality is the role of law. Where the imposition of statutory regulation is likely to result in conflict with local people, some large modern corporations have shown a preference for alternatives to repressive measures and expensive litigation. Ensuring that local people benefit economically is now a core goal for those companies that seek a social licence to operate to secure these resources. There is almost universal agreement that the best use of the financial and other benefits that flow to indigenous and local people from these projects is investment in the economic participation, education and health of present generations and accumulation of wealth for future generations. There is much hanging on the success of these strategies: it is often asserted that they will result in dramatic improvements in the status of indigenous and local communities. What happens in practice is fascinating, as the contributors to this book explain in case studies and analysis of legal and economic problems and solutions"--Provided by publisher.
"Land Law Reform in East Africa reviews development and changes in the statutory land laws of 7 countries in Eastern Africa over the period 1961-2011. The book is divided into two parts. Part 1 sets up the conceptual framework for consideration of the reforms, and pursues a contrast between transformational and traditional developments; where the former aim at change designed to ensure social justice in land laws, and the latter aim to continue the overall thrust of colonial approaches to land laws and land administration. Part 2 provides an in-depth and critical survey of the land law reforms introduced into each country during the era of land law reform which commenced around 1990. The overall effect of the reforms has, Patrick McAuslan argues, been traditional: it was colonial policy to move towards land markets, individualisation of land tenure and the demise of customary tenure, all of which characterise the post 1990 reforms. The culmination of over 50 years of working in this area, Land Law Reform in East Africa will be invaluable reading for scholars of land law, and of law and development more generally."--
Land rights and investment treaties : expoloring the interface
From internal market regulation to European labour law
Land reform and territorial planning in Latvia
Feminist perspectives on land law
Changing gender relations? : women's experience of land rights in the case of the land tenure reform program in Rwanda
Kalahari communities : Bushmen and the politics of the environment in southern Africa
The evolution of natural resources law and policy
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
Nunavut : Inuit regain control of their lands and their lives
Understanding property law
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
An introduction to the principles of land law
Land law reform in Eastern Africa : traditional or transformative? : a critical review of 50 years of land law reform in Eastern Africa,1961-2011
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis :   an interdisciplinary approach
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
Land law
An introduction to land law
Landmark cases in land law
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
Handbook of land compensation
Urban property market and land law in Finland
Our laws, their lands : land laws and land use in modern colonial societes
Understanding land law
Nordic landscapes : region and belonging on the northern edge of Europe
Environment and economy : property rights and public policy
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Why do we need multilateral environmental agreements to protect the arctic environment?
Indigenous peoples' rights, minority group rights and international human rights law
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Pipeline dreams : people, environment, and the Arctic energy frontier
EU competition policy and the consumer
The evolution of EU law
The structure of property law
The women's land rights movement, customary law and religion in Tanzania
Law and geography
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
Compensation for regulatory takings : an economic analysis with applications
Equal access to pharmaceutical care: a comparative study of legislation concerning medicinal products and pharmacies in Finland and Norway
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Land reform and territorial planning in Latvia. [Vol. 1]
Comparative Conference on Planning and Environmental Law : 5th March 1999
Modern studies in property law. volume 3
Land, laws, and gods : magistrates and ceremony in the regulation of public lands in Republican Rome
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
Indigenous peoples : resource management and global rights
Federal public land and resources law
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
Evaluating self-determination of indigenous people through political processes and territorial rights : the status of the Nordic Saami from an australian perspective
Introduction to Dutch law for foreign lawyers
Legal foundations of Russian economy
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
Ireland, radicalism, and the Scottish Highlands, c. 1870-1912
Rentcharges in registered conveyancing
ILO convention no. 169 in a Nordic context with comparative analysis : an interdisciplinary approach
History of public land law development
Land law in comparative perspective
Modern studies in property law. Volume 4
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Real property and real people : principles of land law
Elements of land law
Landholding and land transfer in the North Sea area (late Middle Ages-19th century)
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Vietnamese land legislation and Finnish development cooperation
Community futures, legal architecture : foundations for indigenous peoples in the global mining boom
Modern land law
Natural resources law : private rights and collective governance
Land law and registration
Agro-industrial investments in Cameroon : large-sacale land acquisitions since 2005
The legal status of the Lapps in land and water law
International business : the new realities
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Population, economic welfare and holding size distribution of private forestland in Alabama, USA
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Aboriginal religions in Australia : an anthology of recent writings
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
