http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15335 accessibility
accessibility
Responses to change in accessibility : socio-economic impacts of road investment : the distributive outcomes in two rural peripheral Philippine municipalities
European health care reform : analysis of current strategies
From idea to business : case: Grape Station Ay
ePresence : a key to success in online education and tutoring?
Trauma patients are a significant patient group for emergency medical services (EMS). Not only are injuries a significant cause of death, they also have a significant long-term impact on functionality and quality of life.Previous studies have shown that the injury-related mortality rate is higher in sparsely populated areas and that the majority of patients die before the arrival of EMS. Intensive care mortality is significant, and half of seriously injured patients develop multiple organ dysfunction. Airway management is one of the most important procedures that EMS provide for a critically injured patient, but making high-quality care available in a sparsely populated area is challenging. Seriously injured patients also appear to benefit from being transported directly to a trauma centre.In recent years particular attention has been given to the level and availability of EMS. Hospitals' readiness to provide acute surgery is also being reorganised. More information is needed about the frequency, circumstances, outcome and acute care of serious and fatal injuries so that health care resources can be allotted appropriately and requirements for prevention can be identified.The purpose of this research was to investigate the frequency and circumstances of injury-related deaths in Northern Finland and the prognosis of trauma patients encountered by the Finnish helicopter emergency services (FinnHEMS). A particular objective was to examine differences between rural and urban areas. The National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) severity score's ability to predict 30-day mortality was also examined. The fourth part of the study aimed to investigate the pre-hospital airway management performed by non-physicians in Northern Finland.The study material was comprised of trauma deaths that occurred in Northern Finland in 2007–2011, trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMSunits in Northern Finland in 2012–2013, patients encountered by HEMS in Northern Norway in 1999–2009 and a questionnaire regarding pre-hospital airway management to non-physicians.The study concluded that the rate of trauma deaths is high in Northern Finland, and the influence of alcohol was found in nearly half of pre-hospital trauma death cases. A larger portion of pre-hospital deaths also took place in rural areas. Trauma patients encountered by FinnHEMS units in urban areas who survived to hospital, appeared to have higher 30-day mortality than patients injured in rural areas. The most probable explanation for this difference is that patients injured in urban areas survive to hospital, while trauma patients in rural areas die pre-hospital.The NACA score was found to reliably predict 30-day mortality. Due to its simplicity, the NACA score can be used to compare patient material from different HEMS bases.It was found that non-physicians seldom performed airway management. On average, the frequency of performing airway management was low, and there is a need to improve maintenance of skills.
Deaf people and human rights : Report in International Sign
Analysis of factors affecting access to healthcare in developing countries
Info-rich/info-poor : access and exchange in the global information society
Science shops : knowledge for the community
Estimation of potential production of energy wood in the Leningrad region of Russia
From here to sustainability : politics in the real world
From Gutenberg to the global information infrastructure : access to information in the networked world
Major trauma in Northern Finland
Regional differences in bank office service accessibility : an entry approach
Urban Tourism Development :  A Case Study of Accessible Tourism in Arabianranta
