http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15361 runoff water
runoff water
Effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and drainage water quality on acid sulphate soils : final report of the HAPSU project
Implementation of automatic sensors for continuous monitoring of runoff quantity and quality in small catchments
Hydrological processes in Firn on Storglaciären, Sweden
Caohai Dianchi Lake Water Pollution Control Plan
Studies on long-term inflow forecasting
Peat extraction runoff water purification in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatlands in a cold climate
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 3a, Caribbean Sea/Small Islands
Separating natural acidity from anthropogenic acidification in the spring flood of nothern Sweden
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by urban green spaces in terms of stormwater quantity management
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat pruduction
Phosphorus in surface runoff and drainage water affected by cultivation practices
Spatio-temporal scales of hydrological impact assessment in large river basins : the Mekong case
Electrocoagulation (EC) is an emerging technology that combines the functions and advantages of conventional coagulation, flotation, and electrochemistry in water and wastewater treatment. The aims of this work included doing an updated literary review of recent feasible applications of EC, which were found to be plentiful. Since the economic and practical operational key figures related to EC haven’t been extensively mapped out before, this was a prime objective of this part of the work.The aim of the next part of this work was to find new feasible applications for EC in the treatment of water and wastewater. The studied wastewaters included bio- and synthetic oil-in-water emulsions, various industrial nutrient-containing wastewaters, and peat bog drainage water containing humic substances (an interesting and topical problem, especially in Finland). These studies proved the feasibility of EC. In addition, larger-scale experiments were also conducted successfully, thus proving the scalability of the EC process. Extensive economic analyses of the studied EC applications were also done. The operational costs and energy consumption of EC were found to be very low—typically about 0.1–1.0 €/m3 and 0.4–4.0 kWh/m3.It has been forecasted that in the future there will be a shortage of virgin phosphorus. Therefore, another essential purpose of this work was to conduct a preliminary study on the feasibility of using EC for nutrient (especially phosphorus, but also nitrogen) removal and recovery from different types of real wastewater. Specifically, it may be possible to use EC sludges containing notable amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen as additives in granulated bio ash-based fertilizer products for various applications. This is a novel idea and a “hot topic” in the waste utilization sector and in circular and bioeconomy.^
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
River basin management 5 : proceedings of an IAWPRC conference held in Rovaniemi, Finland, 31 July - 4 August, 1989
Drainage principles and applications
Metals removal technologies for urban stormwater
Characterization of solid phosphorus-retaining materials : from laboratory to large-scale treatment of agricultural runoff
Direct groundwater inflow to the Baltic Sea
Carbon control of bacterioplankton in subarctic lakes and ponds
Ephemeral rivers and their catchments : sustaining people and development in western Namibia
Urban watersheds : geology, contanimation, and sustainable development
Best available technology (BAT) should be used for peat extraction runoff purification. One currently used BAT technique is treatment wetland construction on pristine peatland, but under Finnish national strategies, new peat extraction areas should only be established on previously drained peatland and it can be challenging to find natural, intact peatland for treatment wetlands near these areas. This thesis evaluated the function and purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors that could indicate their purification efficiency. The year-round removal efficiency of treatment wetlands established in drained or pristine peatland areas in a cold climate was also studied. A first study examined the water flow processes in treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland. In more than 50% of the 20 wetlands studied, the active flow depth was under 20 cm and water distribution was unequal. A second study determined the purification efficiency of treatment wetlands constructed on drained peatland and examined factors indicating removal efficiency. The removal efficiency of suspended solids and inorganic nitrogen was good, but in some wetlands leaching of phosphorus and iron was observed, e.g. due to changes in peat properties, first after drainage and then after rewetting, altering e.g., oxygen conditions in the peat layer. The surface peat content of elements such as phosphorus, iron, aluminum, magnesium, manganese, and calcium can be used as a proxy to assess leaching of phosphorus.A third study examined the year-round purification efficiency of treatment wetlands based on peat extraction load monitoring program values. Seasonal variation in the purification efficiency of constructed wetlands was observed for total nitrogen, ammonium-nitrogen, and chemical oxygen demand (CODMn). Based on these results, it is possible to evaluate the suitability of different drained peatland areas for water purification purposes. Treatment wetlands were shown to generally purify runoff water during winter mainly as well as in other seasons, except for nitrogen and CODMn, but there may be variations between wetlands.
Low impact development and sustainable stormwater management
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 47, East African Rift Valley Lakes
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 4, Caribbean Islands : [Bahamas, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico]
Analysis of biogeochemical cycling processes in Walker Branch Watershed
Forest hydrology : an introduction to water and forests
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat production
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 1a, Russian Arctic
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 43, Lake Chad Basin
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus in runoff from arable clayey soils
Use of wetland buffer areas to reduce nitrogen transport from forested catchments : retention capacity, emissions of N2O and CH4 and vegetation composition dynamics
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 55, Mekong River
Retention performance and hydraulic design of constructed wetlands treating runoff waters from arable land
Comparison and development of ditch structures (bed pipe barriers) in reducing suspended solids concentration in waters flowing from peat mining sites
Transformation and removal of riverine dissolved organic matter in Baltic Sea estuaries
Willow stack tower in leachate treatment
Irrigation in Southern and Eastern Asia in figures : AQUASTAT survey - 2011
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 23, Caspian Sea
Release of soil phosphorus during runoff as affected by ionic strength and temperature
Why invest in watershed management?
Agricultural drainage water management in arid and semi-arid areas
Management of the runoff waters from arable land : final report of the EU/LIFE project (LIFE 97 ENV/FIN/335)
Long-term effects of maintaining ditch networks on runoff water quality
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
Protection of soil and water resources in forestry areas
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 31, Oyashio Current
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 30, Sea of Okhotsk
Leachate management in the aftercare period of municipal waste landfills
Chemical treatment is considered best available technology for purification of peat extraction runoff in Finland, due to its capability to remove dissolved organic carbon (DOC), suspended solids and nutrients. However, lack of optimisation and adaptation of this method for purification of diffuse pollution sources, e.g., peat extraction runoff, has led to significant fluctuations in purification efficiency. This thesis evaluated the suitability of commercially available coagulants for the treatment of typically humic water. Inorganic (ferric sulphate, aluminium sulphate and a mixed product) and organic (polyDADMAC, polyamine, chitosan and tannin products) coagulants were studied. Investigations included assessment of required dosage and the influence of process parameters (pollutant concentration, mixing, water pH and temperature) on coagulant performance. In addition, the process conditions in existing treatment systems were examined in field experiments aimed at identifying possible factors affecting purification.Ferric sulphate (FS) was the most effective of the coagulants tested. It produced excellent flocs and achieved higher removal efficiency, particularly for DOC, than the other coagulants. However, the dosage required for FS was significantly higher than for e.g., polyDADMAC and chitosan. Moreover, samples treated with FS displayed high iron concentration and acidic pH. The organic polymers achieved satisfactory results, but further research is needed before they can become viable alternatives to metal salts.The quality of peat extraction runoff water was found to vary significantly. It was also observed that variations in DOC concentration, even for particulate rich samples, controlled coagulant dosage and, consequently, treatment efficiency. For inorganic coagulants, mixing provided during flocculation had a more significant influence on purification than mixing provided during coagulation. This is relevant hence in now existing treatment facilities no mixing is employed during flocculation. Based on the research conducted, suggestions were formulated for process optimisation aimed at reducing variations in purification efficiency, thus increasing the reliability of the method and reducing related environmental impacts.
Modifications of acute physiological stress response in whitefish after prolonged exposures to water of anthropogenically impaired quality
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 38, Patagonian Shelf
Report on the FAO/Finland training course in forestry and watershed management for Asia and the Pacific region Katmandu, Nepal 19-31 May 1985.
Introduction to agricultural engineering technology : a problem solving approach
Guidelines for surface and drainage water quality monitoring in agriculture dominated areas
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 39, Brazil Current
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Groundwater−surface water interactions in snow-type catchments : integrated resources
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Advances in urban stormwater and agricultural runoff source controls
The use of remotely sensed land cover data for modeling nutrient loading using the SWAT model
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery : techno-economic studies
The Târnava River Basin
Dissolved reactive phosphorus in runoff assessed by soil extraction with an acetate buffer
"This publication provides planners, decision-makers and engineers with guidelines to sustain irrigated agriculture and at the same time to protect water resources from the negative impacts of agricultural drainage water disposal. On the basis of case studies from Central Asia, Egypt, India, Pakistan and the United States of America, it distinguishes four broad groups of drainage water management options: water conservation, drainage water reuse, drainage water disposal and drainage water treatment"--P. [4] of cover.
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Long-term nutrient load management and lake restoration : case of Säkylän Pyhäjärvi (SW Finland)
Dynamics of vegetation, nitrogen and carbon as indicators of the operation of peatland buffers
Ecology of freshwaters : a view for the twenty-first century
Ecology of fresh waters : man and medium, past to future
The role of macropore flow from PLOT to catchment scale : a study in a semi-arid area
Potential bioavailability of particulate phosphorus i runoff from arable clayey soils
Spatial and temporal variability of freshwater biodiversity in natural and modified forested landscapes
Modeling, assessments and cost-effectiveness analysis of constructed wetlands and active methods for the treatment of runoff from agricultural areas : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg
Modelling of vegetative filter strips in catchment scale erosin control
Evaluation and optimisation of chemical treatment for non-point source pollution control : purification of peat extraction runoff water
A rainfall simulation study on the relationships between soil test P versus dissolved and potentially bioavailable particulate phosphorus forms in runoff
Principles of snow hydrology
Short-rotation tree plantations and hydrological aspects in landfill management
Active Wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Active wetlands : the use of chemical amendments to intercept phosphate runoffs in agricultural catchments : final report of the Active Wetlands Interreg IVA project
Nutrient losses from agriculture in the Nordic and Baltic countries : measurements in small agricultural catchments and national agro-environmental statistics
GIS applications for water, wastewater, and stormwater systems
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 65, Eastern Equatorial Pacific
Geochemical modelling of acidification and recovery in forest soils and runoff waters
Hydrologic and hydraulic processes in northern treatment peatlands and the significance for phosphorus and nitrogen removal
Responses of brown trout and benthic invertebrates to catchment-scale disturbance and in-stream restoration measures in boreal river systems
Management of the runoff waters from arable land : final report of the EU/LIFE Project (LIFE 97 ENV/FIN/335)
Global International Waters Assessment. Regional assessment 45b, Indian Ocean Islands
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Export of suspended solids and dissolved elements from peatland areas after ditch network maintenance in south-central Finland
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery:techno-economic studies
The use of overland flow for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas. Peat filtration, field ditches and sedimentation basins for the purification of runoff water from peat mining areas
Urban and highway stormwater pollution : concepts and engineering
