http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15366 good governance
good governance
E-government and good government : an impossible equation in the network society
The Peace and Security Council of the African Union : its relationship with the United Nations, the African Union and sub-regional mechanisms
The European Code of Good Administrative Behaviour
Public administration and corruption : how to get the institutions that work
Effectiveness of public-service ethics and good governance in the central administration of the EU-27 : evaluating reform outcomes in the context of the financial crisis
Men, management, and morality : toward a new organizational ethic
Analysis on diverse meanings of good governance principles in ten relief organizations
This book offers a close examination of water scarcity as a developmental challenge facing member nations of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the interventions that have been implemented to combat the situation and the challenges still outstanding. The first chapter paints the backdrop of the water scarcity problem, reviewing historical approaches from the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro to the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development (2002) to the United Nations Rio+20 Conference on Sustainable Development (2012), and recapping principles and agreements reached during and after these conferences. Chapter two examines the Southern Africa region's efforts to combat water scarcity including principles, policies and strategies and the responsibility of each member to implement them. Written by the editor, J.P. Msangi, the chapter describes Namibia's efforts to ensure management of scarce water. Beyond enacting management and pollution control regulations and raising public awareness, Namibia encourages research to ensure attainment of the requirements of both the SADC Protocol and its own water scarcity management laws. The next three chapters offer Namibia-based case studies on impacts of pollution on water treatment; on the effects of anthropogenic activities on water quality and on the effects of water transfers from dams upstream of Von Bach dam. The final chapter provides detailed summaries of the issues discussed in the book, highlighting conclusions and offering recommendations. Combating Water Scarcity in Southern Africa synthesizes issues pertinent to the SADC countries as well as to other regions, and offers research that up to now has not been conducted in Namibia.
From transition to europeanization : reforming administration in the Baltic States
European governance : preparatory work for the White Paper
Evaluating the principles of good governance in the reports of Finnish bilateral development cooperation
Good administration and the Council of Europe
Good and bad power : the ideals and betrayals of government
Governance Matters: China's Developing Western Region with a focus on Qinghai Province
Rethinking good administration in the European Union : Sixth Seminar of the National Ombudsmen of EU Member States and Candidate Countries : Strasbourg, 14-16 October 2007
Accountability in the European Union
World aquaculture 2010
Corporate governance : how to add value to your company : a practical implementation guide
Good governance manual : management guidelines for the Abilis Partnership Programme
Responsible mining : a toolkit for the prevention and mediation of conflicts in the development of the mining sector
Tourist destination governance : practice, theory and issues
Governance of the extended enterprise : bridging business and IT strategies
Information society and government : linking European policies
Nonprofit kit for dummies
Summary (s. 7).
Combating corruption : legal approaches to supporting good governance and integrity in Africa
Guidebook on promoting good governance in public-private partnerships
Local governance and the drivers of growth
Ethical governance : a citizen perspective
Ethics management for public administrators : building organizations of integrity
Corporate governance codices applied in the context of mid-tier organizations
Summary (s. ix-xi).
Evaluation : the cross-cutting themes in the Finnish development cooperation
The pursuit of absolute integrity : how corruption control makes government ineffective
Propping up pariash or building a brighter future for all? : the effects and framings of China's foreign aid in Namibia, Nigeria, and Zimbabwe 2000 - 2008
Evaluation : local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
From governing to governance : a process of change
Government reformed : values and new political institutions
Evidence-based public management : practices, issues, and prospects
Different paths to curbing corruption : lessons from Denmark, Finland, Hong Kong, New Zealand and Singapore
Summary (s. 87).
Armstrong's essential human resource management practice : a guide to people management
The early years of the European Ombudsman
International statebuilding : the rise of post-liberal governance
Information and communication technology and (good) governance : implications for organizational structure, public participation, and cultural responsiveness. The cases of Guyana, Kenya, Philippines, U.S.A and Estonia
Human rights and good governance : building bridges
Cultural Environment Strategy 2014–2020 : Government Resolution 20 March 2014.
Good governance in Europe's integrated market
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Comparative studies of public-service ethics at the central governmental level in the EU Member States have a rather short history. Particularly, only a few studies have discussed the institutionalisation of ethics and the effectiveness of ethics instruments. Filling this gap and taking one step further, this particular comparative study analyses to what extent the transition towards a new and more complex concept of ethics and governance has proved effective and fruitful. The authors argue that discussions about ethics should be better integrated into other policy areas that affect the behaviour of public officials. These include public management reforms, human resource policies and leadership styles, perceptions of organisational fairness, impact of the ongoing financial crisis as well as cost-and-benefit considerations. The book provides a comprehensive view and analysis of the developments in the field of public-service ethics. --Publisher's description.
Innovations in governance and public administration : replicating what works
Good agricultural governance : a resource guide focused on smallholder crop production
The quality of government : corruption, social trust, and inequality in international perspective
Perspectives on corporate governance
Impact assessment in the multi-level context of the European Union
Managing good governance in higher education
Environmental security, mining and good governance : comparison of the mining laws of Finland and Kyrgyzstan - main features
Summary to the correction of taxation, an implicit component of good administration and taxation principe
Local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
The Netherlands yearbook on international cooperation 2007
Understanding neoliberalism as governmentality : a case study of the IMF and World Bank structural adjustment regime in Ghana
The political economy of good governance for poverty alleviation policies
The ombudsman, good governance, and the international human rights system
Good governance and the European Union : reflections on concepts, institutions and substance
Good governance and prospects for local institutional stability in the enlarged European Union and the new markets
The challenge of change for judicial systems : developing a public administration perspective
The spirit of democracy : the struggle to build free societies throughout the world
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 15-18).
Corporate governance
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 23-29).
Summary (s. ix-xiv).
Measuring and reducing administrative costs as an instrument for realising better regulation in Europe : recommendations for improving the standard cost model by using management accounting expertise
The right to good administration
Summary (s. ix-xii).
Keys to governance : strategic leadership for quality of life
European Union governance : effectiveness and legitimacy in European Commission committees
National policy autonomy, good governance and the WTO
Good government : the relevance of political science
Integrated water resources management (IWRM) approach in water governance in Lao PDR : cases of hydropower and irrigation
Good governance practices for the protection of human rights
Governance in the Pacific : focus for action 2005-2009
Good governance and human rights
Handbook on responsible leadership and governance in global business
Defining an agenda for poverty reduction : proceedings of the first Asia and Pacific Forum on poverty. Vol. 1
Lincoln's Inn Lectures on European Law and Human Rights
Water and development : good governance after neoliberalism
Good governance in international law
Developing intervention strategies for active citizenship and governance education in Finland
Good governance and developing countries : interdisciplinary perspectives
The European Ombudsman : the European Code of Good Administrative Behaviour
Principled agents? : the political economy of good government
Protection of legitimate expectations in European community and Finnish administrative law
Advanced issues in international and European tax law
Innovations in governance in the Middle East, North Africa, and Western Balkans : making governments work better in the Mediterranean region
Abstract: This research was focused on Corporate Governance Codices and the possible applicability  to organizations of the mid-tier business sector. The reason behind conducting  this research was the demand on finding a sufficient management strategy  supporting the management level to deal with the high predisposition for insolvency  of most mid-tier companies. With reference to this demand the current situation and  challenges of such companies were deliberated. In the context of stock listed, public  held companies the key aspect of this demand already has been realized during the  1990s where it was responded with the introduction of international Codices for  Corporate Governance.  Within the theoretical framework to this Thesis the fundamentals and principal theories  of Corporate Governance were presented on basis of secondary data. To deepen  the understanding of the concept the main objectives of the Corporate Governance  activities were profoundly introduced. Furthermore, as this Thesis refers to the possible  applicability of Corporate Governance Codices also the structure and contents  of two actual Corporate Governance Codes of Conduct were demonstrated. Because  of the fact Corporate Governance Codices originally have been developed for corporations  listed on a stock exchange special attention has been paid on describing the  structural differences between listed and mid-tier companies.  In order to evaluate the possible transferability of Corporate Governance Codices to  organizations of the mid-tier business sector a deductive content analysis has been  conducted. This survey consisted of a theoretical as well as practical approach. The  theoretical approach was utilized to define the contents of a Corporate Governance  Code as applicable or not applicable for mid-tier companies. On basis of the results  from the theoretical approach the practical approach has surveyed the current extent  of application of the as applicable defined Code principles at the case company  Kraftanlagen München.  The results of the research have verified that the actual applicability of Corporate  Governance to mid-tier organizations is rather limited. Yet, throughout the research  process an important set of applicable minimum requirements have been identified.
Europe's near abroad : promises and prospects of the EU's neighbourhood policy
Environmental security, mining and good governance : mining regulation in the Kyrgyz region. A review
Municipalities and Europeanized networks
Rule of law principles in international reconstruction
The European Union and peacebuilding : policy and legal aspects
Good administration and efficiency in administration : principles and legislation
Ethics management for public administrators : leading and building organizations of integrity
This work shows that research in political science does not always shy away from the big questions.
The European code of good administrative behaviour
Transnational governance by numbers : rankings as mechanisms of governing
The role of public administration in building a harmonious society : selected proceedings from the Annual Conference of the Network of Asia-Pacific Schools and Institutes of Public Administration and Governance (NAPSIPAG), Beijing, People's Republic of China, 5-7 December 2005
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Principles of good administration in the member states of the European Union
Effective judicial review : a cornerstone of good governance
Management ethics : placing ethics at the core of good management
Combating water scarcity in southern Africa : case studies from Namibia
Legal challenges in EU administrative law : towards an integrated administration
Towards good governance in South-Asia
Good governance, scale and power : a case study of North Sea fisheries
