http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15400 adjustment systems
adjustment systems
Receding horizon control approach to multivariable systems
High performance instrumentation and automation
Transformation of nonlinear state equations into observer form
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of feedback and control systems
Use of neural networks in robot positioning of large flexible redundant manipulators
Linear-quadratic control : an introduction
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 8, Power train messages
Control of complex systems
Foundation Fieldbus
Decision-making process on field technology for process management
Analysis and Design of Heat Energy Control System
Linear feedback controls : the essentials
Fundamentals of process control theory
Digital control system analysis and design
Automating with STEP 7 in LAD and FBD : programmable controllers SIMATIC S7-300/400
Control systems and mechatronics
Abstract: Fault management in electrical distribution systems.
Control engineering Europe : control, instrumentation and automation in the process and manufacturing industries
The pneumatic trainer. Vol. 2, Electro-pneumatics : seminar on the introduction to electropneumatics with exercises and answers
Numerical simulation of steam in a laval nozzle and a low pressure turbine
Reference mechatronic architecture for Actor-based Assembly Systems
Automating with the SIMATIC S5-115U
Fieldbus technology : industrial network standards for real-time distributed control
Introduction to control systems
Control systems design : a new framework
Successful instrumentation and control systems design
Mechanical engineer's handbook. Vol. 2, Instrumentation, systems, controls and MEMS
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 7, Implement messages application layer
Robust low-gain regulation of stable infinite-dimensional systems
Stabilization and modelling of input-output systems
New approach on automatic tuning of multivariable PI controllers using relay feedback
Proceedings of the ninth IASTED international conference on control and applications
New perspectives on cybernetics : self-organization, autonomy and connectionism
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 10, Task controller and management information system data interchange
FESTO workbook TP 301 : programmable logic controllers : basic level TP 301
Hydraulics : theory and applications
Modelling control systems using IEC 61499 : applying function blocks to distributed systems
The hydraulic trainer. Vol. 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Simulation assisted performance optimization of large-scale multiparameter technical systems
Fault tolerant flight control : a benchmark challenge
Measurement and control - applications for the operator : Control Systems 2006, June 6-8, 2006, Tampere Finland
Piezoelectric actuators : control applications of smart materials
Control system design and simulation
Automotive electronics reliability. volume 2
Control Systems
A study of modeling and control of pH in fast acid-base reaction processes based on chemical reaction invariance
Polynomial methods for nonlinear control systems
Boiler control systems engineering
Automating with the SIMATIC S5-135U
Centralized motion control of a linear tooth belt drive : analysis of the performance and limitations
Fault management in electrical distribution systems
Low-frequency signal-injection method for speed sensorless vector control of induction motors
Visual control of robots : high-performance visual servoing
Motion planning of a walking platform designed to locomote on natural terrain
Data-based fault-tolerant model predictive controller : an application to a complex dearomatization process
Programmable logic controllers : basic level TP301 : textbook
Resource allocation in uplink coordinated multicell MIMO-OFDM systems with 3D channel models
Utilisation of non-linear modelling methods in flue-gas oxygen-content control
LVIS-2000 : future building services : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Modern control system theory and design
Modelling control systems using IEC 61499
Modern control systems
Staying cool : already before the ship is ready
Development of an online monitoring system for combustion dynamics
Formal development of control systems
Principles of biological regulation : an introduction to feedback systems
PID controller design and tuning in networked control systems
The effects of real-time control of welding parameters on weld quality in plasma arc keyhole welding
Design and analysis of control systems
Abstract: Analysis and control system of finish turning (FeedChip2).
Function blocks for industrial-process measurement and control systems : modeling IEC-61499 closed-loop systems for real-time applications
Multivariable feedback control : analysis and design
Process dynamics : dynamic behavior of the production process
Automating with STEP7 in LAD : SIMATIC S 7-300/400 programmeble controllers
Feedback control systems
Fundamentals of HVAC control systems
The pneumatic trainer. Volume 3, Programmable logic controller : basic principles = information and instruction book about programmable logic controller combined with exercises and solutions
Programmable logic controller (PLC) tutorial : Siemens Simatic S7-200 : circuits and programs for Siemens Simatic S7-200 programmable controllers for electrical engineers and technicians
Introduction to electronic control engineering
Process control : Designing Processes and Control Systems for Dynamic Performance
Modelling and control of mini-flying machines
Techniques to amplify small motions
Preprints of the 13th World Congress, International Federation of Automatic Control, San Francisco, USA, 30th June - 5th July 1996 [IFAC '96]. Volume Q, Automotive, marine, autonomous vechiles (technical areas 8b, 8c, 8f)
Feedback control of dynamic systems
WARD LEONARD CONTROL SYSTEM
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 12, Diagnostics services
Automating with STEP 7 in STL and SCL : programmable controllers SIMATIC S7-300/400
Automatic control of paper machine by dry line measurement
Advanced modern control system theory and design
Modern control theory
Electromechanical systems, electric machines and applied mechatronics
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 3, Data link layer
Basic and advanced regulatory control : system design and application
Automating with SIMATIC : integrated automation with SIMATIC S7-300/400 : controllers, software, programming, data communication, operator control and process monitoring
Hydraulic network simulation
Auto-tuning of multivariable controllers using relay feedback
Design of feedback control systems
Total hydronic balancing : a handbook for design and trouble-shooting of hydronic HVAC systems
Function blocks for industrial-process measurement and control systems : IEC-61499 introduction and run-time platforms
Autonomous mobile robots : vehicles with cognitive control
European journal of control
Applied nonlinear control
Design of an educational program for control theory using SIMULINK and MATLAB
Nonlinear and hybrid systems in automotive control
Nonlinear adaptive filtering
Automating with STEP7 in STL : SIMATIC S 7-300/400 programmable controllers
Sliding mode control for a small wind turbine application
Feedback control theory
Control performance management in industrial automation: assessment, diagnosis and improvement of control loop performance
Performance analysis, modelling and measurement in a hierarchically distributed computer system
Integration of intelligent systems in development of smart adaptive systems:linguistic equation approach
Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning (HVAC)control systems are omnipresent in modern buildings. This book is an introduction to all those involved in the specification, design, manufacture, installation, operation or maintainance of these systems. The book explains: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams. Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications.The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols .DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning After completing this course, you will understand: Control theory and how to evaluate, select, position and sequence the appropriate type of control. The electrical knowledge needed to understand controls and the use of electrical circuit drawings. The various types of valves and dampers, and their selection, installation and operation. Terminology and attributes of sensors, the selection of moisture sensors, pressure, flow, and auxiliary devices. Self-powered and system-powered controls. Electric controls, control diagrams and control logic. The components of pneumatic systems and control applications diagrams.Wiring conventions, application-specific electronic controllers and how to use them in HVAC applications. The use of written specifications, schedules, and drawings to clearly identify what is to be installed, how it is to be installed, and how it is expected to operate. Direct Digital Controls (DDC) components, their inputs and outputs, and the programming of DDC routines. DDC Networks and Protocols. DDC Specification, Installation and Commissioning.
Control engineering : an introductory course
Quantitative feedback design of linear and nonlinear control systems
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 1, General standard for mobile data communication
Control Performance Management in Industrial Automation provides a coherent and self-contained treatment of a group of methods and applications of burgeoning importance to the detection and solution of problems with control loops that are vital in maintaining product quality, operational safety, and efficiency of material and energy consumption in the process industries. The monograph deals with all aspects of control performance management (CPM), from controller assessment (minimum-variance-control-based and advanced methods), to detection and diagnosis of control loop problems (process non-linearities, oscillations, actuator faults), to the improvement of control performance (maintenance, re-design of loop components, automatic controller re-tuning). It provides a contribution towards the development and application of completely self-contained and automatic methodologies in the field.^
Analysis and design of heat energy control system
Fault simulator and detection for a process control valve
Modeling and analysis of dynamic systems
Development of a combined propeller control hydraulic system
The hydraulic trainer. Volume 2, Proportional and servo valve technology
Intelligent tuning and adaptive control : selected papers from the IFAC symposium, Singapore, 15-17 January 1991
An extended process automation system : an approach based on a multi-agent system
Hydraulic trainer. Vol. 4, Logic element technology : a text and reference book on logic elements
Digital control engineering : analysis and design
Predictive control in process engineering : from the basics to the applications
