http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15454 dairy farms
dairy farms
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
Role of benchmark technology in sustainable value analysis : an application to Finnish dairy farms
Epidemiological and experimental studies of Listeria infection : with special reference to fecal excretion in ruminants, contamination of raw milk, presence in silage, and growth at low temperatures
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Economics & milking : a practical guide to a profitable dairy farm
Labour and technology in milk production : report of CIGR Working Group 17
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Seasonal grazing : a practical guide for dairy farm management
Are larger farms more efficient? : a farm study of the relationships between efficiency and size on specialized dairy farms in Sweden
Summary.
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Applying HACCP-based quality risk management on dairy farms
Cow signals checkbook : working on health, production and welfare
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
Values affect humans' perception of situations and problems and guide our actions. The objective of this study was to explore the values of dairy farmers, and whether their values influenced their decisions to maintain dairy farming or to buy consultancy services. During late fall 2007 we visited and interviewed 90 farmers. First we did a qualitative analysis of the data and then we merged the interview data with the existing database of financial data from the year 2007 to do statistical analyses. We also checked whether the farmers still produced milk in 2013, six years after the interviews.  Most farmers had terminal values like keeping up the tradition and to have an interesting work. Value combinations with instrumental values such as to earn money and to produce milk were common. Realizing that many farmers prioritize terminal values over instrumental values has important consequences for dairy companies, dairy consultants and politicians.
Tuotostarkkailun tulokset : maitotilaneuvonta 1995 = Resultat från kokontrollen i Finland 1995 = Results of the milk recording in Finland 1995.
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Competitiveness of Northern European dairy chains
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Konsekvenser av management information systems : särskilt systemet ALPRO® i möjlkproduktion = Consequenses due to the adoption of Management Information Systems : the case of Alpro® used in dairy production
In 2005, some 1.4 billion people lived in absolute poverty and nearly 1 billion were affected by chronic mal- or undernutrition. An estimated 75 percent of the world's poor live in rural areas, and at least 600 million of these keep livestock that enable them to produce food, generate cash income, manage risks and build up assets. With the valuable contribution that livestock makes to sustaining livelihoods, especially in rural areas, the development of small-scale livestock enterprises could be a key element of efforts to eradicate extreme poverty and hunger. Milk production is an important livestock-sector activity and it is estimated that nearly 150 million farm households throughout the world are engaged in milk production. Small-scale milk production not only improves food security of milk producing households but also creates significant amounts of employment in the entire dairy chain, which comprises many small-scale rural processors and intermediaries. The aim of this book is to provide a holistic picture on the trends and drivers in the dairy sector as well as the implications these may have for the future of dairy farming, in particular among the smaller-scale, rural producers.--Publisher's description.
Cattle housing design : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
The effects of the potential EC-membership on the role of forestry on Finnish farms
Direct 31P NMR spectroscopic measurement of phosphorus forms in dairy manures
Environmental assessment of future dairy farming systems : quantifications of two scenarios from the FOOD 21 synthesis work
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Robotic milking
Building for the cow
Status and prospects for smallholder milk production : a global perspective
Farms of northern Finland
Development Needs of the Dairy Farms in Kosovo
Performance of Finnish dairy farms and its determinants : a comparison of parametric, semiparametric and nonparametric methods
Finland : milk production fact sheet
Ammonia release and nitrogen balances on south swedish farms 1997-1999
Automatic milking : a better understanding
Components of productivity growth in Finnish agriculture
Life cycle inventory of 23 dairy farms in south-western Sweden
Cow talk : understanding dairy cow behaviour to improve their welfare on Asian farms
Modern dairy production is inevitably associated with impacts to the environment and the challenge for the industry today is to increase production to meet growing global demand while minimising emissions to the environment. Negative environmental impacts include gaseous emissions to the atmosphere, of ammonia from livestock manure and fertiliser use, of methane from enteric fermentation and manure management, and of nitrous oxide from nitrogen applications to soils and from manure management. Emissions to water include nitrate, ammonium, phosphorus, sediment, pathogens and organic matter, deriving from nutrient applications to forage crops and/or the management of grazing livestock. This paper reviews the sources and impacts of such emissions in the context of a forage-based dairy farm and considers a number of potential mitigation strategies, giving some examples using the farm-scale model SIMSDAIRY. Most of the mitigation measures discussed are associated with systemic improvements in the efficiency of production in dairy systems. Important examples of mitigations include: improvements to dairy herd fertility, that can reduce methane and ammonia emissions by up to 24 and 17%, respectively; diet modification such as the use of high sugar grasses for grazing, which are associated with reductions in cattle N excretion of up to 20% (and therefore lower N losses to the environment) and potentially lower methane emissions, or reducing the crude protein content of the dairy cow diet through use of maize silage to reduce N excretion and methane emissions; the use of nitrification inhibitors with fertiliser and slurry applications to reduce nitrous oxide emissions and nitrate leaching by up to 50%. Much can also be achieved through attention to the quantity, timing and method of application of nutrients to forage crops and utilising advances made through genetic improvements.
Analysis of antibiotic residues in Kenyan farm milk
Participatory common learning in groups of dairy farmers in Uganda (FFS approach) and Danish stable schools
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Farm animal welfare and production in relation to farmer attitudes
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Guide to good dairy farming practice
Why do some farmers develop amd other quit their milk production?
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Some entrepreneurial characteristics and resource use on dairy farms in South Ostrobothnia, Finland in 2003 and 2009
Dairy farmers' values and how their values affect their decision
Dairy today
Opportunities for reducing environmental emissions from forage-based dairy farms
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Choosing the milking system : decision making process on finnish dairy farm
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
