http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15482 training services
training services
The economics of education and training
Education for information
Adding value to vocational education and training providers through centralized development services : case: Omnia
The role of the pharmaceutical sector in malaria control in Ghana
Profile
Sign language interpreting in Europe : 2008 edition
ICT practioner skills and training : banking and financial services
Supranational regimes and national education policies : encountering challenge
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
Characteristics of value co-creation in a learning environment by service design and service-dominant logic frameworks
The hospitality industry is continuously looking for ways to improve its service. It is under-standable that the customer experience very often starts with the contact of front line employees. Therefore, basic skills and knowledge should be acquired in order to provide customer service quality, which can be achieved through training, as the thesis will show.    The present thesis is project-based  and was set to plan training on customer service quality by using academic research, the practices of leaders in the industry and the authors' own experience. The theoretical framework started by establishing the format of the training discussing topics such as: learning styles; training; and teaching tools. Customer service quality theory; selling; job satisfaction; and team work were to provide the information on the skills and knowledge to be transmitted in the training. The result can be used as a guideline to build an effective training about customer service quality where the learning experience of the listener would be maximised.    In order to create an understandable setting of factors of customer service quality, the deter-minants of service quality, found in the literature, together with the aspects of selling, job satisfaction and teamwork have been redefined. This process is elucidated in the “Easy Customer Service Quality” model, which is the skeleton design of the training.    The attachments include a general curriculum, PowerPoint presentation and handout as a result of the thesis project. Those are intended to be used as tools to plan the training about customer service quality. The general curriculum gets hold of key principles that should be taken into account. The PowerPoint presentation shows a simple layout with note pages of what should be discussed. Finally, the handout is a model that follows the theories put across earlier in the paper.
The other invisible hand : delivering public services through choice and competition
Training university personnel for the information society : the Finnish TieVie project
Evaluation models : viewpoints on educational and human services evaluation
Education export at the University of Helsinki : first steps 2011-2012
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship connect students to communities through courses and campus-based opportunities. Each offers students active learning opportunities tied to community engagement and problem solving. Enos presents strategies for creating campus-based programs that educate students for twenty-first century citizenship.
Summary.
Internal Service Analysis : The trainer’s internal activities in the service delivery
Blue print 2000 : sign language interpreting in Europe
Understanding Polish training market and business culture
Education as a humanitarian response
Customer service intelligence : perspectives for human resources and training
Creating linguistic access for deaf and deafblind people : a strategy for Scotland
Exploring e-marketing opportunities for exporting education services : case HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services
Creating an added value services model for the  Apprenticeship Center of Itä-Uusimaa
Medical practice and primary health care report on a survey
Developing the knowledge intensive service offering in the higher education network cooperation context : Case Helsinki Education and Research Area (HERA)
Eurotecnet : compendium of innovation
Secret army
Comparative analysis and suggested improvements to Russian managerial trainings in foreign countries
Developing skills with people : training for person to person : client contact
"Education policy is being reformed and re-worked on a global scale. Policies are flowing and converging to produce a singular vision of best practice based on the methods and tenets of the neo-liberal imaginary. Philanthropy, business and the governments are coming together in new networks and sites of policy outside of the framework of the nation state. This book is a first step in recording, mapping and making sense of the most important aspects of these new relations and dynamics of policy.Using the approach of policy sociology and the methods of social network analysis, Stephen Ball explores the policy activities of edu-businesses, neo-liberal advocacy networks and policy entrepreneurs, and of social enterprises and new philanthropy. He also addresses the ways in which education and education policy itself are now being exported and bought and sold as profitable commodities and how entrenched problems of educational development and educational quality and access are now being addressed through market solutions. That is, by the involvement of private providers in the delivery of educational services, both independently and on behalf of the state. Ball argues that significant changes are taking place in how policy and public services get done and suggests that the sum of these changes indicates the beginning of the end of state education in its welfare form. A set of new, blurred relationships and interests within policy and within state education are outlined. This book will be of interest to practising policy analysts and theorists and will be a learning resource for policy studies students: the issues and examples are topical; the literature employed is diverse and up-to-date; and the analysis engages with cutting-edge debates in political science, sociology, social policy and social geography. U"--
Globalization of education : an introduction
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Sign language interpreting in Europe
Presenting service : the ultimate guide for foodservice professionals
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
A comprehensive guide to : sign language interpreting in Europe, 2012 edition
What is the role of science in social work? Ian Shaw considers social work inventions, evidence-based practice, the history of scientific claims in social work practice, technology, and social work research methodology to demonstrate the significant role that scientific language and practice play in the complex world of social work. By treating science as a social action marked by the interplay of choice, activity, and constraints, Shaw links scientific and social work knowledge through the core themes of the nature of evidence, critical learning and understanding, justice, and the skilled evaluation of the subject. He shows specifically how to connect science, research, and the practical and speaks to the novel topics this integration introduces into the discipline, including experience, expertise, faith, tacit knowledge, judgment, interests, scientific controversies, and understanding.
Competence foresight in local government services : final report
Reflective teaching, effective learning : instructional literacy for library educators
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
The training needs of service entrepreneurs in Pirkanmaa
New product development : case company: Studentum.fi
Internationalization of Finnish education services : a case study of four organizations
This Bachelor's thesis examines online marketing opportunities for exporting education programs and education consulting services from Finland and internationally. The objective of the study is to determine how is the current B2B environment in e-marketing communications. The purpose of this research is to provide useful information on e-marketing strategies that would benefit HAAGA-HELIA Global Education Services (HAAGA-HELIA GES). This study consists of a theoretical section that supports the relationship between traditional offline marketing theories and new theoretical models that explain online marketing activities. The empirical section examines popular online marketing tools, channels, and environments including social media, in the framework of B2B communications. The qualitative research method employed included both qualitative interviews and observations. The analysis of the current e-marketing activities in the firms involved in exporting education internationally was sought through qualitative interviews. The qualitative research method was chosen with the objective to gain insight on the main communication channels and methods used by marketing managers, and how communications where handled online. The interviews with marketing managers in different organizations involved in exporting education revealed that while the firms are seeking to increase their online presence, their marketing budget did not include e-marketing strategies in the current marketing communications plan. The final recommendation points out the challenge for HAAGA-HELIA GES in selecting, executing, and monitoring significantly strategic new platforms, tools and channels. A successful communication plan should include e-marketing strategies, offline marketing activities aligned with the overall marketing strategy, and with a focus on reach, engage, and maintain the target customer.
Training and development in hotels : a case about five core areas
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Maintenance skills in the engineering industry : the influence of technological change
Social work science
Developing support and allied staff in higher education
Unifying educational systems : leadership and policy perspectives
Summary (s. 9).
"Do private and philanthropic solutions to the problems of education signal the end of state education in its 'welfare' form? Education policy is being reformed and re-worked on a global scale. Policies are flowing and converging to produce a singular vision of 'best practice' based on the methods and tenets of the 'neo-liberal imaginary'. Philanthropy, business and the governments are coming together in new networks and sites of policy outside of the framework of the nation state. This book is a first step in recording, mapping and making sense of the most important aspects of these new relations and dynamics of policy. Using the approach of 'policy sociology' and the methods of social network analysis the book explores the policy activities of edu-businesses, neo-liberal advocacy networks and policy entrepreneurs, and of social enterprises and 'new' philanthropy. It also addresses the ways in which education and education policy itself are now being exported and bought and sold as profitable commodities and how entrenched problems of educational development and educational quality and access are now being addressed through 'market solutions'. That is, by the involvement of private providers in the delivery of educational services, both independently and on behalf of the state. Universities, schools and education services are being acquired as assets by private equity companies. Private storefront schools are being set-up by local entrepreneurs and through franchising arrangements, funded through microloans"--
Interpreting management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Interpreting Management and policy in Finland, United Kingdom and Germany
Dealing with confidence : the construction of need and trust in management advisory services
"Unifying Educational Systems encourages leaders to move beyond the traditional forms and rituals of leadership for special education that are caught within traditional definitions of a continuum of services. Grounded in public policy debates, research on teaching and learning, and an emerging consensus throughout the leadership community that calls into question our current practices, chapters in this volume provide a discussion of the purpose, principles, and paradoxes extant in the implementation of current special education policy. Chapter authors discuss how students are currently served, the feasibility of re-conceptualizing special education leadership in the current policy context, and the challenges for the future. Ultimately, Unifying Educational Systems calls for a new policy framework to integrate special education within the larger instructional support system in schools, in order to support a social justice and inclusive practices agenda. "--
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Productization of knowledge intensive business services: case: Company Omega
Role of the local government in provision of public goods : a case study of Bayandai district, Russian federation
Joint-use libraries : libraries for the future
In our hands : educating healthcare interpreters
Guidance : educational and vocational guidance in Finland
The critical link : interpreters in the community : papers from the First International Conference on Interpreting in Legal, Health and Social Service Settings (Geneva Park, Canada, June 1-4, 1995)
Public services and the European Union : healthcare, health insurance and education services
Management of educational service development projects as a portfolio : application of service logic and network management to comprehensive schools
Meeting the special needs of adult students
Service science, management and engineering : education for the 21st century
The Joint Higher Education Library in Lahti : Supporting the Development of Information Literacy from Upper Secondary School to Higher Education
In this volume, we examine the ways student services professionals in institutions of higher education can best meet the needs of adult learners. Most of the discussion here is situated in four-year colleges and universities, although we recognize that community colleges play a large role in the higher education of adults. However, we made the decision to focus on four-year and post-graduate institutions because we believe that these institutions often are focused on traditional-aged students despite growing adult enrollments, and are most in need of guidance about how to serve this ever-growing population. Students in higher education often are defined as adult learners or non-traditional students if they are 25 twenty-five years of age or older, and, more significantly, if they have taken on what we consider adult roles and responsibilities, such as caring for children and other family members, working full-time, or participating heavily in community activities. Adult students typically are not focused on campus life in the same way that younger, traditional-aged students are. Therefore, our theories of the importance of the campus experience outside the classroom to student development usually do not hold for adults. Yet, adults can and do learn and develop through their engagement in formal higher education. Adults bring experiences and wisdom into the classroom, and receive a learning experience that informs their own professional and personal practices. This is the 102nd issue of the quarterly journal New Directions for Student Services.
Global education inc. : new policy networks and the neo-liberal imaginary
Museums and social justice : how museums and galleries can work for their whole communities
Implementation of the principles of patient counselling into practice in Finnish community pharmacies
Sign Language Interpreting in Europe gives an overview of the organizations, training programs, registries, sign language recognition, and the employment situations of Sign Language interpreters in 40 European regions & countries. Both qualitative and quantitative survey data serve as a basis for an in-depth analysis of the current state of affairs as well as future trends. The fourth such survey held in twelve years, the 2012 edition also lists data from previous surveys in order to visualize long-term changes in the field. In addition, this data allows you to make at-a-glance comparisons between individual countries. Sign Language Interpreting in Europe is based on a 2012 survey that was held among 40 national and regional organizations of Sign Language interpreters in 35 European countries. The findings of the survey were supplemented with information found in several media publications on Sign Language Interpreting throughout Europe.
How can communicative customer service contribute to service competition in the higher education sector of Tanzania in the year of 2002?
The restaurant : from concept to operation
Export of Education : Case HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences
Executive coaching : a guide for the HR professional
The global education reform movement and the OECD's programme for international student assessment (PISA) : a secondary analysis of PISA data
The marketisation of higher education and the student as consumer
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship in higher education : a pedagogy of social change
eCompetence for social work
Marketing Oulu Polytechnic ́́s degree programme in international business to foreign students
Skills in the age of over-qualification : comparing service sector work in Europe
Market approaches to education : vouchers and school choice
"Across the developed world, most of us who work now earn our living in the service sector. However, the issue of what kind of service economy is sustainable and desirable, both in economic and social terms, is rarely debated. This book argues that this needs to change. National governments have emphasized the role of skills in achieving international competitiveness, higher living standards, and social inclusion. However, even prior to the 2008 financial crisis, problems of over-qualification, skills wastage, and poor job quality were becoming difficult to ignore. This raises important questions about what kind of service sector jobs will be on offer to meet the aspirations of an increasingly qualified workforce and what role can governments play in raising the skills required in jobs and the quality of jobs and services? Work organization and job design are key factors shaping the skill content of work and the opportunities workers have to deploy their skills and capabilities. Through cross-national comparative research, this book examines whether and why service sector jobs vary across countries. Drawing upon detailed empirical research, the jobs of vocational teacher, fitness instructor, and cafe worker in the UK, Norway, and France are compared, allowing an exploration of the role of national institutions, sectors, and organisations in shaping work organization and job quality. The findings contribute to the comparative study of work organization, the relationship between skills and performance, the role and purpose of education and the prospects for better jobs in 'the age of over-qualification'."--Book jacket.
Quality issues in the library and information services : proceedings of a conference organised by NORDINFO and the British Library (Research and Development Department), held at Hässelby Slott, Stockholm, Sweden, 8-10 October 1993 : [proceedings of the sixth Anglo-Nordic Seminar]
Opistosta ammattikorkeakouluksi = From higher-level vocational education to college of vocational higher education
Interpreters in public services : policy and training
Manager Training : Another Emerging Market in Russian  Educational Services
Helia's business tourism graduates' recruitment and positioning in travel management sector
Planning a training of customer service quality for front line employees in hospitality industry in Finland
AEL and F&P set up a new education centre in China
