http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15457 consolation
consolation
P.S. I Love You
The prisoner's philosophy : life and death in Boethius's Consolation
Tourists of history : memory, kitsch, and consumerism from Oklahoma City to Ground Zero
Solomon's tale
The politics of consolation : memory and the meaning of September 11
Animals and the afterlife : true stories of our best friends' journey beyond death
100 poems to see you through : bright words for the darkest hours
Cheer up, Little Duck!
Martin Luther as comforter : writings on death
PS, I love you
Greek and Roman consolations : eight studies of a tradition and its afterlife
There, there
Cheer up your teddy bear, Emily Brown!
P.S. I love you
Are you sad, Little Bear? : a book about learning to say goodbye
The Berenstain Bears count their blessings
Consoling Heliodorus : a commentary on Jerome, Letter 60
Communication as comfort : multiple voices in palliative care
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
"In early modern Europe it has been estimated that up to one in two children did not survive to the age of ten. In the light of this high mortality rate, some historians have argued that parents did not form close relationships with their children, especially the very young. This is clearly refuted by the testimony of bereaved parents such as Martin Luther, and by the volume of consolatory writings produced for grieving families in early modern Lutheran Germany. The authors, clergymen and lay people, regarded grief as a deep wound which required treatment, and they applied the balm of consolation through sermons, tracts and occasional poetry. This study analyses these writings, focusing particularly on the neglected genre of the epicedium (funeral poem). It asks how and why poetry was used to counter the affective impact of parental bereavement, and considers what makes it a suitable vehicle for consolation. The study seeks to rehabilitate a neglected genre and participates in discussions on the sociology of death, Lutheran teachings about death and mourning, literary presentations of mortality and loss, and the depiction of children and parent-child relations in literature."--BOOK JACKET.
Striving for purity : interviews with people with malodorous exuding ulcers and their nurses
Consolation of philosophy
The hardest sermons you'll ever have to preach : help from trusted preachers for tragic times
Nora Webster : a novel
The reformation of suffering : pastoral theology and lay piety in late medieval and early modern Germany
Worries go away!
"A deep and serious resource for all who are involved personally or professionally with bereavement, this book also offers a practical list of resources and further reading." --Publisher's description.
In the Ancient World death came – on average - at a far earlier age than in today's West, and without the authoritative warnings given by modern medicine. Consolation for the trauma of loss had, accordingly, a more prominent role to play. This volume presents eight original studies on consolatory writings from ancient Greek, Roman, early Christian and Arabic societies. The authors include internationally recognised authorities in the field. They offer insight into the ancient experience of loss and the methods used to palliate it. They explore how far there was a consolatory 'genre', involving letters, funerary oratory, epicedia, and philosophical prose. Focusing on responses to grief in numerous ancient authors, this volume finds elements of continuity and of individual variety in modes of consolation, and reveals instructive tensions between the commonplace and the personal.
A dialogue of comfort against tribulation : a modernised version
Poetry and parental bereavement in early modern Lutheran Germany
The book explores the reality of grief from different perspectives and provides some insightful help primarily to those trying to support a colleague, friend or family member who is being overwhelmed by their primal grief. Though the book contains important and practical material for those who are poleaxed by grief, the focus is on those around them who are struggling to understand, and feel that sense of helplessness in knowing what to do and say for the best.
