http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15468 comic magazines
comic magazines
Therapy
The international book of comics
The art of George Pérez
Whatcha mean, what's a zine? : the art of making zines and minicomics
[This is a] one-time only, Sunday-edition-sized newspaper, the San Francisco Panorama with news and sports and arts coverage, and comics (sixteen pages of glorious, full-color comics, from Chris Ware and Dan Clowes and Art Spiegelman and many others besides) and a magazine and a weekend guide; it is basically be an attempt to demonstrate all the great things print journalism can (still) do, with as much first-rate writing and reportage and design (and posters and games and on-location Antarctic travelogues) as we can get in there. Expect journalism from Andrew Sean Greer, fiction from George Saunders and Roddy Doyle, dispatches from Afghanistan ... -- Publisher's website.
Eagle annual : the best of the 1960s comic
Seduction of the innocent
Lonely hearts killers
More Peanuts gang collectibles
The James Bond omnibus. Vol. 002
Graphic novels and comics in libraries and archives : essays on readers, research, history and cataloging
The golden age of Batman : the greatest covers of detective comics from the '30s to the '50s
Remembered reading : memory, comics and post-war constructions of British girlhood
MAD art : a visual celebration of the art of MAD magazine and the idiots who create it
Walt Disney's comics and stories : Espoo
Batman : the TV stories
Classics and comics
The Smithsonian collection of newspaper comics
MAD's greatest artists : Sergio Aragones : Five decades of his finest works
Feast of friends : Finnish science fiction and fantasy world
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Simpsons comics : Helsinki
Completely Mad : a history of the comic book and magazine
DC comics year by year : a visual chronicle
Seal of approval : the history of the comics code
Fun and laughter
Frank Jacobs : five decades of his greatest works
Marvel comics : 75 years of cover art
"I rarely laugh when I'm drawing..."
Dustcovers Sandman : the collected covers
Comics, comix & graphic novels : a history of comic art
THE COMIC BOOK : THE ONE ESSENTIAL GUIDE FOR COMIC BOOK FANS EVERYWHERE
How to read Donald Duck : imperialist ideology in the Disney comic
Cartoon fables : animal symbolism in Kukryniksy's Pravda political cartoons, 1965-1982
Superheroes! : capes and crusaders in comics and films
Comix : the underground revolution
Comics incorporated : a study of comic crossover in The Sandman
A CENTURY OF WOMEN CARTOONISTS
Art & design in Photoshop
Comics : second-class literature or a source of motivation in the L2 classroom?
Masters of American comics
The classic era of American comics
Comic heroes : Helsinki
Dead Head Comix
The ten-cent plague : the great comic-book scare and how it changed America
The Punch brotherhood : table talk and print culture in Mid-Victorian London
Lonely hearts
The comics : the complete collection
I told you so, you blockhead!
The Comics journal. No. 301
100 years of American newspaper comics : an illustrated encyclopedia
Hi-fructose. collected edition 1, [volume 1]
Anarchy comics : The complete collection
Reinventing comics : [how imagination and technology are revolutionizing an art form]
Mad art : a visual celebration of the art of Mad magazine and the idiots who create it
Drunk stoned brilliant dead : writers and artists who made the National lampoon insanely great
Postcard killers : a novel
The comics journal
Batman : a visual history
DC Comics covergirls
Welcome back, Asterix
A haunt of fears : the strange history of the British horror comics campaign
The cream of Tank Girl : the art and craft of a comics icon
Semiotics of humour and irony in the comic strips of Over the hedge
Comics as culture
Children's reading choices
The silver age of DC Comics, 1956-1970
Faster than a speeding bullet : the rise of the graphic novel
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 005
Comic book confidential
Presents the tightly-knit community of writers, artists, and proprietors who gathered around the famous Punch table, and their uninhibited conversations, spiced with jokes and gossip. This study demonstrates how oral culture permeated and shaped the realm of print, from the dining tables of exclusive men's clubs to the alleyways of Fleet Street.
The James Bond omnibus. Volume 003
From the trailblazing Wonder Woman of the 1940s to edgy, girl-power-driven comics series like Birds of Prey, DC Comics Covergirls takes a look at the female characters of DC Comics throughout the company's history, and features many of DC Comics' iconic comic book covers. Written by comic book writer Louise Simonson, the book examines the evolution of the comic book women of DC Comics: the 1942 introduction of the most famous DC heroine, Wonder Woman, and her various incarnations up to the present; the creation of comic book spin-offs based on characters such as Lois Lane; and the recent wealth of fierce, female character-driven comics such as Supergirl, Birds of Prey, Batgirl, and Catwoman, featuring women who have no trouble being both sexy and strong-willed. Famous featured DC Comics artists include Jim Lee, Alex Ross, Adam Hughes, J. Scott Campbell, Michael Turner, Tim Sale, and Jill Thompson.
Kiss me snow
Miss Fury : sensational Sundays 1941-1944
A Comics studies reader
Underground classics : the transformation of comics into comix
McSweeney's 33.
The Playboy : a comic-strip memoir
Straight from the heart : gender, intimacy, and the cultural production of shōjo manga
Holy sh*t! : The world's weirdest comic books
A reader's history exploring girls' comics. Girls' comics were a major genre from the 1950s onwards in Britain and the most popular titles sold between 800,000 and a million copies a week. However, this genre was slowly replaced by magazines which now dominate publishing for girls. Remembered Reading is a readers' history which explores the genre, and memories of those comics, looking at how and why this rich history has been forgotten. The research is based around both analysis of what the titles contained and interviews with women about their childhood comic reading. In addition, it also looks at the other comic books that British girls engaged with, including humour comics and superhero titles. In doing so it looks at intersections of class, girlhood, and genre, and puts comic reading into historical, cultural, and educational context.
Private eye : the first 50 years ; an A-Z
