http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15462 biological weapons
biological weapons
Biological warfare in the 21st century : biotechnology and the proliferation of biological weapons
Essential readings on political terrorism : analyses of problems and prospects for the 21st century
God eater. 2. rage burst : PlayStation 4
Chemical & biological weapons in our times
Abstract.
Gene wars : military control over the new genetic technologies
The new face of terrorism : threats from weapons of mass destruction
Toxic terror : assessing terrorist use of chemical and biological weapons
The gathering biological warfare storm
Rainbow Six
Chemical weapon destruction in Russia: political, legal and technical aspects
Innovation, Dual Use, and Security : Managing the Risks of Emerging Biological and Chemical Technologies
The future of biological weapons
Global biosecurity : threats and responses
Arms and disarmament : SIPRI findings
Six-legged soldiers : using insects as weapons of war
NBC-2015 Symposium Proceedings : how does the landscape evolve?
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 4, CB disarmament negotiations, 1920-1970
The rough guide to conspiracy theories
Legality of the threat or use of weapons of mass destruction
Biological warfare and disarmament : new problems/new perspectives
Arms control : a guide to negotiations and agreements
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 5, The prevention of CBW
Reducing the threat of biological weapons : panel discussions held between 2000 and 2003
International forum "Nuclear and biological decommissioning: management of global security threats", Landau Network - Centro Volta, Villa Olmo, Como, Italy 27-28 June 1997
Biotechnology in Russia : why is it not a success story?
Biotechnology, weapons and humanity
Global non-proliferation and counter-terrorism : the impact of UNSCR 1540
The evolution of biological disarmament
The diplomacy of biological disarmament : vicissitudes of a treaty in force, 1975-85
Rapid and accurate detection and diagnosis of infectious agents is crucial in preparedness for diseases and biothreats. Due to a lack of rapid diagnostic capabilities, diseases and outbreaks may remain undetected. Currently available point-of-care tests often lack the sensitivity to directly detect pathogens in samples, thus there is a need for quick and robust solutions for identification of pathogens in order to mount appropriate responses. The spread of infectious diseases is a global challenge and outbreaks and epidemics place great strains to healthcare and economy. Several of the pathogens causing these diseases are not only major public health issues but pose also potential biothreats. This thesis describes the performance of field-capable gene amplification methods in the detection of three bacterial pathogens (Francisella tularensis, Bacillus anthracis, and Yersinia pestis) and a viral pathogen causing respiratory infections (influenza A virus). The methods include on-site nucleic-acid extraction and rapid real-time PCR amplification of selected gene regions in these pathogens occurring in animal tissue and human nasopharyngeal samples. Results confirm that currently-available portable thermocyclers can generate highly accurate diagnostic results in field. Furthermore, genetic characterization of a common respiratory pathogen, adenovirus is presented by investigating adenoviruses circulating in Finnish garrisons with molecular sequence analysis. Genetic characterization of a pathogen is also an important tool in investigations of alleged use of biological weapons. The presented methodology and workflow serves as an effective tool for decision makers in biothreat preparedness and in case of deliberate spread of pathogens.
The stand
New global dangers : changing dimensions of international security
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 1, The rise of CB weapons
The rough to guide conspiracy theories
Inauguration of the UNESCO International School of Science for Peace : first forum of the international scientific panel on: "possible consequences of the misuse of biological sciences", Villa Olmo, Como, Italy 3-6 December 1997
Chemical and biological warfare developments : 1985
Multilateral disarmament and non-proliferation regimes and the role of the United Nations : an evaluation : contribution of the Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters to the High-Level Panel on Threats, Challenges and Change
Nonproliferation primer : preventing the spread of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons
Biological warfare : modern offense and defense
The Cobra event
The Highwaymen
Greek fire, poison arrows & scorpion bombs : biological and chemical warfare in the ancient world
The Venetian betrayal : a novel
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 3, CBW and the law of war
Robert Ludlum's the Janus Reprisal : a Covert-one novel
Apocalypse cow
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 1, The rise of CB weapons
Reinforcing biological disarmament : issues in the 1991 review
Weapons : an international encyclopedia from 5000 BC to 2000 AD
Rapid identification of selected pathogens in biothreat preparedness
Anthrax : the investigation of a deadly outbreak
Effecting compliance
Verification of disarmament or limitation of armaments : instruments, negotiations, proposals
Biological weapons : from the invention of state-sponsored programs to contemporary bioterrorism
Report of the international scientific commission for the investigation of the facts concerning bacterial warfare in Korea and China : suppelement to People's China
Arms control and disarmament : papers presented at the 3rd International Security Forum, Zurich, 19-21 October 1998
Scientists against time
Terrorism and disarmament
Robert Ludlum's The Moscow vector : a covert-one novel
Project coast : apartheid's chemical and biological warfare programme
The sons of Scarlatti
The changing face of terrorism : how real is the threat from biological, chemical and nuclear weapons?
Arms control and disarmament : the U.S. commitment
Agricultural bioterrorism : a federal strategy to meet the threat
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
Biosecurity interventions : global health & security in question
Verification after the cold war : broadening the process
A peer-review mechanism for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention
Weapons of mass destruction and the environment
Summary (s. 3-6).
Health wars : on the global front lines of modern medicine
A history of chemical and biological weapons
Arms control after Iraq : normative and operational challenges
Status of multilateral arms regulation and disarmament agreements
The emperor has some clothes on : fairy tales, scary tales and weapons of mass destruction
The UN inspections in Iraq : lessons for on-site verification
Summary.
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 2, CB weapons today
Failing intelligence : the true story of how we were fooled into going to war in Iraq
Strengthening the biological weapons convention by confidence-building measures
The development of international legal constraints on biological warfare in the 20th century
Enhancing the biological weapons convention
Deadly arsenals : nuclear, biological, and chemical threats
Deterrence and defense in a nuclear, biological, and chemical environment
The demon in the freezer : the terrifying truth about the threat from bioterrorism
The dead hand : the untold story of the Cold War arms race and its dangerous legacy
Verifying non-proliferation & disarmament today : panel discussion United Nations, New York, 20 October 2005.
Biological weapons defense : infectious diseases and counterbioterrorism
The law of war
Super terrorism : biological, chemical, and nuclear
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
The king of plagues
Critical choices : setting priorities in the changing security environment : 1990 colloquium proceedings
