http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15463 chemical weapons
chemical weapons
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 1, The rise of CB weapons
The chemical weapons convention and arms control in the Middle East
Arms and disarmament : SIPRI findings
Gas attack! : chemical warfare 1915-18 and afterwards
Criteria for monitoring a chemical arms treaty : implications for the verification regime
Chemical weapon free zones?
Verification by NMR spectroscopy of chemicals related to the Chemical Weapons Convention
Chemical weapon destruction in Russia: political, legal and technical aspects
Chemical weapons disarmament in Russia : problems and prospects
Automatic monitoring in verification of chemical disarmament : a workshop in 12-14 February 1987, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Abstract.
Summary (s. 1-2)
Gene wars : military control over the new genetic technologies
Non-production by industry of chemical-warfare agents : technical verification under a chemical weapons convention
A peer-review mechanism for the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention
Arms control and disarmament : the U.S. commitment
Chemical weapons : destruction and conversion
Abstract (s. iv).
Biohazard : the chilling true story of the largest covert biological weapons program in the world, told from the inside by the man who ran it
The emperor has some clothes on : fairy tales, scary tales and weapons of mass destruction
Air monitoring as a means for verification of chemical disarmament. Part 1, Development and evaluation of basic techniques
The debate on binary chemical weapons in Belgium : the act of 11 April 1962 revisited
Scientists against time
Cytotoxicity, genotoxicity and irritation potency of some pyrotechnically produced military smokes
Verifying non-proliferation & disarmament today : panel discussion United Nations, New York, 20 October 2005.
Delusion in Death
Napalm and other incendiary weapons and all aspects of their possible use : report of the Secretary-General
Verifying a ban on chemical-warfare weapons
National implementation of the future Chemical Weapons Convention
Interlaboratory comparison test coordinated by the provisional technical secretariat for the preparatory comission for the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons
Chemical and biological warfare developments : 1985
Treaty enforcement and international cooperation in criminal matters : with special reference to the chemical weapons convention
La convention sur l'interdiction et l'émination des armes chimiques : une percée dans l'enterprise multilatérale du désarmement : Colloque La Haye, 24-26 novembre 1994 = The convention on the prohibition and elimination of chemical weapons : a breakthrough in multilateral disarmament
International interlaboratory comparison (round-robin) test for the verification of chemical disarmament
Standard operating procedures for the verification of chemical disarmament. D 2, Second proposal for procedures supporting the reference database
Testing of existing procedures
Chemical weapons convention bulletin
Air monitoring as a means for verification of chemical disarmament. Part 3, Further development and testing of methods
Chemical warfare
Toxic terror : assessing terrorist use of chemical and biological weapons
A commentary on the Chemical Weapons Convention
Chemical disarmament and U.S. security
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 1, The rise of CB weapons
The Finnish research project on the verification of chemical disarmament : publication of The Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland
The analysis of competing hypotheses (ACH) in assessment of chemical warfare activities
Genocide with herbicides : report - analysis - evidence
A history of chemical and biological weapons
Nonproliferation primer : preventing the spread of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons
Systematic identification of mycotoxins
Progress in research on toxicity of organophosphates : satellite symposium of the 12th Annual Meeting of the Finnish Society of Toxicology, May 23, 1991, Kuopio
Reducing the threat of biological weapons : panel discussions held between 2000 and 2003
Testing of procedures on simulated military facility samples. F.3
NBC-2015 Symposium Proceedings : how does the landscape evolve?
Chemical & biological weapons in our times
A history of chemical warfare
Biological and toxin weapons today
Workshop on the analysis related to chemical weapons to mark the tenth anniversary of the entry in to force of the convention, Tuusula, Finland, September 5-7, 2007 : abstracts
The chemical industry and the projected chemical weapons convention. Vol. 1
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 4, CB disarmament negotiations, 1920-1970
Basic course
The changing face of terrorism : how real is the threat from biological, chemical and nuclear weapons?
Chemical weapons and their effects on the environment
Chemical warfare arms control : a framework for considering policy alternatives
Ratifying the Chemical Weapons Convention
The analysis of competing hypotheses (ACH) in the assessment of chemical warfare activities
Status of multilateral arms regulation and disarmament agreements
The problem of chemical and biological warfare. Vol. 5, The prevention of CBW
The problem of chemical and biological warfare : a study of the historical, technical, military, legal and political aspects of CBW, and possible disarmament measures. Vol. 2, CB weapons today
International organization for chemical disarmament
The Voronov plot
Delusion in death
Finland and verification of disarmament agreements
Verification of the chemical weapons convention : maximizing technical effectiveness
Summary.
The chemical industry and the projected chemical weapons convention. Vol. 2
The chemistry of regime formation : explaining international cooperation for a comprehensive ban on chemical weapons
Terrorism and disarmament
The UN inspections in Iraq : lessons for on-site verification
Standard operating procedures for the verification of chemical disarmament. D 1, A proposal for procedures supporting the reference database
Chemical disarmament : some problems of verification : an examination of the types of data to be reported internationally from economic, statistical and other methods by a national verification organization controlling potential chemical warfare materials
Chemical weapons & missile proliferation : with implications for the Asia/Pacific region
Ueber Giftgas = La prochaine guerre: La guerre des gaz toxiques = The next war, a war of poison gas
The detoxification and natural degradation of chemical warfare agents
The rock
Super terrorism : biological, chemical, and nuclear
Legality of the threat or use of weapons of mass destruction
Delayed toxic effects of chemical warfare agents
Chemical weapons disposal : the threat at home
Verification under the chemical weapons convention : on-site inspection in chemical industry facilities
Dumped chemical weapons in the sea : options : a synopsis
A conceptual framework for verifying the multinational chemical weapons convention
Conclusion (s. 23-25).
Chemical and instrumental verification of organophosphorus warfare agents
Arms control : a guide to negotiations and agreements
New technologies for security & arms control : threats & promise
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
The chemical weapons convention with selective index
The evolution of biological disarmament
Recommended operating procedures for sampling and analysing in the verification of chemical disarmament
A higher form of killing : six weeks in World War I that forever changed the nature of warfare forever
Strange bedfellows : the 'interim obligation' and the 1993 Chemical Weapons Convention
Chemical weapons convention : questions and answers
Air monitoring as a means for verification of chemical disarmament. Part 2, Field tests
The new face of terrorism : threats from weapons of mass destruction
Computer-aided techniques for the verification of chemical disarmament. E. 1., Verification database
Disarmament agreements and negotiations : the economic dimension
