http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15474 sense of taste
sense of taste
Encyclopedia of perception
Methods in chemosensory research
Does taste matter? : the effect of taste perception on avoidance learning in avian predators
As long it's pink : the sexual politics of taste
Influence of chewing and swallowing on flavour perception
Nutrition and the chemical senses in aging : recent advances and current research needs
How does the ear hear? : and other questions about... the five senses
Exploring the world of wines and spirits
Noble spirits : the story of cognac, rum and whisky : the film trilogy
Phenylthiocarbamide tasting ability among Lapps and Finns
What can I taste?
Taste what you're missing : the passionate eater's guide to why good food tastes good
Influence of processing on the flavour formation of oat and rye
Olfaction and taste XII : an international symposium
Sensory interrelationships in bread and bread-spread combinations
Genetic and environmental influences on chemosensory perception and preferences
The last banquet
Influence of chemosensory performance on flavor perception and food acceptance of the elderly
Smell and taste in health and disease
Understanding wine : a guide to winetasting and wine appreciation
Food & wine pairing : a sensory experience
Wine quality : tasting and selection
How to choose wine
Sensory history
Instrumentally measured release and human perception of aroma compounds from foods and model systems differing in fat content
Flavor of meat and meat products
Nutrition and sensation
Michael Broadbent's pocket guide to winetasting : how to approach and appreciate wine
Customer sense : how the 5 senses influence buying behavior
How to taste wine
Development of a new gustatory test based on taste identification and intensity judgement
Food flavours : biology and chemistry
Handbook of meat, poultry and seafood quality
Taste : surprising stories and science about why food tastes good
Culinary artistry
Mapping the mind
Consumers' food product experience : the role of values
Multisensory flavor perception : from fundamental neuroscience through to the marketplace
Taste : the story of Britain through its cooking
Effects of handling on sensory quality of carrots (Daucus carota L.) in relation to chemical parameters = Effekter av håndtering på sensorisk kvalitet i gulrøtter (Daucus carota L.) i relasjon til kjemiske parameter
"Foodies rejoice! Malcolm Gladwell's favorite food inventor offers a guide to the senses with advice on how to develop your palate and better enjoy the pleasures of eating. Featured by Malcolm Gladwell in a New Yorker magazine article about the quest to develop the perfect cookie, Barb Stuckey is the food developer that famed foodies--such as Michael Pollan--turn to when they need to understand the pyschology and physiology of taste. In Taste What You're Missing, Stuckey shares her professional knowledge in an engaging style that's one part Mary Roach, two parts Oliver Sacks, and a dash of Anthony Bourdain for spice.Taste What You're Missing serves up stories: seared, sauced, and garnished with humor and insight into our complicated experiences with food. First explaining the building blocks of taste perception on a physical level, Stuckey walks readers through the five basic tastes: sweet, sour, bitter, salt, and umami. She explains the critical importance of smell and how the other senses--touch, hearing, and sight--come into play when we enthusiastically dive into a plate of food. She provides eye-opening and delicious anecdotes and exercises that readers can perform to learn, for example, their unique "taster type," or the subtle differences between sour, bitter, tannic, and astringent. Armed with this new knowledge, readers can improve their ability to discern flavors, detect ingredients, and devise new taste combinations in their own kitchens. Keeping in mind that the only thing foodies like better than eating food is talking about food, Taste What You're Missing gives such curious eaters, Food Network watchers, kitchen tinkerers, and armchair Top Chefs understanding and language that will impress their friends and families with insider knowledge about everything they eat"--
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 4, Olfaction and taste
Ageing and changes in the chemical senses related to food perception : a literature review
Wine tasting : a professional handbook
Texture modifications in semisolid and solid foods : sensory characterization and acceptance in different age groups
Olfaction, taste, and cognition
Wine flavour chemistry
Aroma and flavor in liquid beet sugar processing
A toast to bargain wines : how innovators, iconoclasts, and winemaking revolutionaries are changing the way the world drinks
Differential effects of context on intensity judgements of taste and smell : perceptual change or judgemental bias
Remembrance of repasts : an anthropology of food and memory
The science of the oven
Neurogastronomy : how the brain creates flavor and why it matters
Health and pleasure at the table : proceedings from an international symposium held in Montreal, Canada, May 24th to 27th, 1994
Saltiness of coarsely ground cooked ham with reduced salt content
The big Fat Duck cookbook
Kitchen mysteries : revealing the science of food
The psychology of food and eating : a fresh approach to theory and method
Signals and perception : the fundamentals of human sensation
For years, marketers have been experimenting with the senses and sensory experiences to create better perceptions of their products. Even with a product as simple as a potato chip, there are many factors that go into the experience of interacting with the chip. How it tastes, how it smells, the sound that eating it makes, and the appearance of its packaging can all influence our perception of the potato chip itself. As scientists and managers begin to recognize the importance of the senses in product design and marketing, more and more products and advertisements have become sensory in nature. Accepting the importance of the senses brings about a change in how a manager views his or her products. What changes can be made in the packaging, branding, and advertising to captivate the consumer's senses? What changes can be made to the product itself? Dr. Krishna helps managers to understand how customers relate to products on a sensory level, detailing the specific interactions unique to each sense and showing them how small sensory changes can make a huge impact. Customer Sense allows managers to unlock the secret world of sensory appeal and to craft unique products and advertisements for their businesses.
Sensation and perception
Consumer perception and sensory analyses of pork flavour : effects of fatty acid composition and processing = Forbrukeroppfatning og sensorisk analyse av svinekjøtt : effekter av fettsyresammensetning og prosessering
Questions of taste : the philosophy of wine
Essential winetasting
Neuroenology : how the brain creates the taste of wine
Chemical senses and food quality perception : a literature review
Psychology of eating
Wine production and quality
Advanced certificate study pack
Consumer evaluation of scrab-resistant apple cultivars in Sweden
The chemical senses
Sensory and food related perceptions of 8-, 9-, 10- and 11-year-old school children : baseline measurements
Handbook of perception. 6 A, Tasting and smelling
"Human sensory and perceptual experience is emphasized, and neuroscientific underpinnings of experience introduced. Chapters are written by experts in each of the sensory systems and integrate current findings in active areas of research. The text provides comprehensive treatment of higher perceptual functions (attention, music, language). Sensory systems including vision, audition, spatial orientation, the vestibular system, taste, and olfaction"--
Sensory evaluation : a practical handbook
Making sense of taste : food and philosophy
The science of wine : from vine to glass
The physiology of taste, or Meditations on transcendental gastronomy
Flavor analysis : developments in isolation and characterization
Handbook of olfaction and gustation
Proust was a neuroscientist
Optimising sweet taste in foods
Sensory evaluation of food : principles and practices
Food flavour technology
Perception
The taste culture reader : experiencing food and drink
Hedonic responses to colour, sweetness, saltiness and fattiness in selected foods as related to corresponding attitudes and other behavioural measures
Flavor chemistry and technology
