http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1546 cultures (cultural systems)
cultures (cultural systems)
Increasing Cultural Competence through the Method of Appreciative Inquiry
Conan : Shem : gateway to the south
Past worlds : the Times atlas of archeology
Life and education in early societies
Transitions across schools and cultures
Different cultures and traditions
Tourism and indigenous peoples
Recruiting Vietnamese students to Kymenlaakso University of Applied Science
Sons of Kargzant : the bloody saga of the Char-Un warlords of Erigia's savage steppe
The building of cultures
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
Book lust to go : recommended reading for travelers, vagabonds, and dreamers
International Club at Savonia UAS
Maps of meaning : an introduction to cultural geography
Encyclopedia of native tribes of North America
Networks, interaction and emerging identities in Fennoscandia and beyond : papers from the conference held in Tromsø, Norway, October 13-16 2009
The purpose of the book is to tie together various perspectives, insights and constructions pertaining to contemporary landscapes and landscape representations from different theoretical and methodological positions as well as from diverse geographical and historical contexts in order to elucidate and illustrate processes of cultural transformation inscribed in space. The unifying theme, as well as the main goal and prospective contribution then, lies in the exploration of these developing forces and characteristics of the new cultural economy of space in the contemporary landscape(s).The primary objective of bringing together geographical perspectives from various subdisciplinary fields is to examine and discuss ways in which the complexities of this newly-emerging cultural economy of space are applied on various sorts of landscapes, i.e. urban and rural landscapes, landscapes of everyday life, landscapes of tourism and recreation, postcolonial and hybrid landscapes, landscapes of economic production, landscapes of the street and of public life, "national landscapes" and so on. The overarching question, thus, is: how do these processes work in different geographical contexts and contribute to place and landscape creation?
Find out about Finland
Cross-cultural psychology : why culture matters
French Expatriate Family Adjustment During the OL3-Project
African methods of fire-making
Cannibals and kings : the origins of cultures
The Development of Intercultural Relationships at Work: Polish Migrant Workers in Finland
World prehistory : an outline
Why cultural studies?
Knowledge cultures : comparative western and african epistemology
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Is humanity approaching a Golden Age, driven by technology and ever-closer global networks? Or is the notion of progress an illusion born in the West?
Democratization in Azerbaijan : the role of elections in holding on to power
"Seeking consolation [after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant disaster of 2011], Mockett is guided by a colorful cast of Zen priests and ordinary Japanese who perform rituals that disturb, haunt, and finally uplift her. Her journey leads her into the radiation zone in an intricate white hazmat suit; to Eiheiji, a school for Zen Buddhist monks; on a visit to a Crab Lady and Fuzzy-Headed Priests temple on Mount Doom; and into the 'thick dark' of the subterranean labyrinth under Kiyomizu temple, among other twists and turns"
Trolls : a guide to the uz
"I want to choose the color of my kimono" - Japanese cultural values on seniors' lives : introducing Finnish methods and facilities to Japanese Senior Citizens' Society in a Finnish Wellbeing Center project
Small can be strong : Mänttä, European Capital of Culture 2011 : Application Submitted to the Ministry of Education  on 23 February 2006
Finnish Gothic subculture : Gothic subculture is: "(...) to enjoy the beauty of the moonlight instead of the beauty of the sun" (Mia)
Cultural differences and localization in user interfaces
Nations
A Guidebook for Chinese Students Studying in Finland
Youth work ethics
Approaches to materials design in European textbooks : implementing principles of authenticity, learner autonomy, cultural awareness
The Lighter Side of Finland : the world's funniest Finnish guidebook: culture, people, places and etiquette
Analytical archaeology
Happy : secrets to happiness from the cultures of the world
Primitive peoples
"We are human beings" : a study on friendship and ethnicity in a finnish elementary school classroom
Nihonjin no kangaekata wo eigo de setsumei suru jiten : An English dictionary of Japanese ways of thinking
Expatriate assignment - training, overseas support, repatriation : case Nokia Telecommunications (NTC)
Half-Arab, half-Finnish exceptional third culture kids : adapting to life in Finland
Order and dispute : an introduction to legal anthropology
Heritage has burgeoned over the past quarter of a century from a small elite preoccupation into a major popular crusade. Everything from Disneyland to the Holocaust Museum, from the Balkan wars to the Northern Irish troubles, from Elvis memorabilia to the Elgin Marbles bears the marks of the cult of heritage. In this acclaimed 1998 book David Lowenthal explains the rise of this obsession with the past and examines its power for both good and evil.
The elusive promise of indigenous development : rights, culture, strategy
FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS OF THE OGUN FESTIVAL IN ONDO, NIGERIA
International management : a cultural approach
Safeguarding traditional cultures : a global assessment
Culture pack : intercultural comunication resources for trainers
The lost kingdoms of Africa
Finn-Brits magazine
Halo: Cryptum
Challenges and opportunities : being a foreign entrepreneur in Finland
Ancient Nubia : Egypt's rival in Africa
The ancient state of Puyŏ in northeast Asia : archaeology and historical memory
Step into the world of ancient Persia
Step into the world of Ancient Middle America
Superior brand name types in high & low context cultures
Fredrik Barth : an intellectual biography
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
Researching children's popular culture : the cultural spaces of childhood
The threshold of history
Catalogue of the Newark Museum Tibetan collection. Volume 1, Introduction
The ethnographical department : High civilizations of Asia
The purpose of the thesis was to harmonize and unite multicultural personnel. The case company for this thesis is Sunborn Marine Malaysia. The two-year old Malaysian- Finnish company wished to find different ways to connect the multicultural personnel.  The thesis was written in autumn 2009. The starting point was to describe the research problem. The following part is the frame of reference, where the most relevant concepts are defined. The frame of reference explores protoundly into culture, national culture, organizational culture, characteristics of Finnish and Malaysian culture, expatriates, motivation and engagement, team building, values and SWOT-analysis. Besides Hofstede`s cultural dimensions and other relevant theories. he thesis is a qualitative case research and the third chapter involves the empirical research. It describes the nature of the qualitative research in detail and brings forth the used methods, samplings and target groups, as well as the interview questions. The used qualitative research methods are in-depth interviews, observing and group interviews. The next chapter reveals the results of the group interviews, observations and above all the individual in-depth interviews results. The fifth chapter consists of the interpretation. This chapter connects the third and fourth chapters together. It demonstrates the interview re-sults with the theory. The interview results highlight that the personnel of the case company is already on the multinatinal stage. Although many of the interviewees mentioned that there could be some changes. The lack of language and communication are the biggest weaknesses in the case company. However, the employees are truly open for the changes. The sixth chapter discusses developing guidelines and principles for the company. It replies to the research questions while including guidelines for Sunborn Marine Malaysia on how to harmonize and unify the multinational personnel. The advice are quite simple but easy to reach.
The Bronze Age
Old civilizations of Inca land
Teaching the music of six different cultures
Impact of organisational practices and language on an international business cooperation : the case of a German-Slovakian corporation
Cultural diversity in health & illness
Cuisine and culture : a history of food and people
Why am I an alien in my own country? : communication problems that Finnish higher education level students encounter when returning to their home country
Nature, culture, and religion at the crossroad of Asia
Baudrillard's challenge : a feminist reading
Developing a business plan for a company in Finland owned by foreigners. Case: Prime Sails Ltd
Orthodoxy and cultures : Inter-Orthodox consultation on Gospel and cultures : Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 19-27 January 1996
Russian an German business environment: cultural comparative study
Countercultures and popular music
The conjoint conceptualization and negotiation of national cultures : qualitative study of discursive culture-concepts, their function and their relation to stereotypes
Cultural Chameleons and Teamwork Terminators − Promoting Intercultural Management in the Baltic Sea Region PIM 2009 as Intercultural Teamwork
Imperial lunar handbook. Volume 1 : the Lunar empire
Communication and culture : a guide for practice
Sid Meier's civilization : The board game
The atlas of past worlds : A comparative chronology of human history 1000 bc-ad 1500
World cultures and world religions : [the coming dialogue]
Tzolk'in : Tribes & prophecies
World cultures and world religions: : the coming dialogue : based on the Stone lectures delivered at Princeton theological seminary, 1958
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology
Conan : Aquilonia : flower of the west
Archaeology and cultural mixture
Inca : discover the culture and geography of a lost civilization
Health and pleasure at the table : proceedings from an international symposium held in Montreal, Canada, May 24th to 27th, 1994
Expatriate hotel professionals in China : case Beijing
The Guinness guide to peoples and cultures
Cultural atlas of Africa
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
The stone age of Qeqertarsuup Tunua (Disko Bugt) : a regional analysis of the Saqqaq and Dorset cultures of Central West Greenland
Cultural theory : the key concepts
Contemporary futures : perspectives from social anthropology
How much culture is enough? : Inuit teachers' perceptions on the state of Inuit culture in Nunavik classrooms
Rogerson's book of numbers
Ethnically diverse patients' perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings: A Literature Review
Tribe : adventures in a changing world
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Conan : Argos and Zingara
Languages of politics in nineteenth-century Britain
The Usborne book of peoples of the world : internet-linked
Anthropology : the basics
International cultural policies and power
The stories we tell ourselves : about Nordic law in specific ..
Civilizations and world order : geopolitics and cultural difference
Primitive society
Cultural anthropology : understanding ourselves & others
Masks of difference : cultural representations in literature, anthropology and art
HeroQuest : roleplaying in Glorantha
This paper highlights findings of a survey conducted with the Kativik School Board, Canada, to gain insight into the perceptions of Inuit teachers concerning how Inuit culture is taught in the classroom. While findings indicate that teachers are integrating Inuit culture to varying degrees, roughly half of respondents suggest that not enough Inuit culture is being taught. Responses additionally suggest that attempts to articulate culture in schools should consider teachers' access to cultural knowledge, the creation of effective learning spaces, and the inclusion of community Elders.
The origins of culture
SixDegrees : Finland's English language magazine
The analysis of subjective culture
On gold mountain : a family memoir of love, struggle and survival
Intermediate adaptation in Newfoundland and the Arctic : a strategy of social and economic development
Information and its role in hunter-gatherer bands
Lesbian discourses : images of a community
The Buddhas of Bamiyan
Congress on research in dance : 2008 conference proceedings : dance studies and global feminisms : 41st annual conference, November 14-16, 2008, Hollins University, Roanoke, VA
People around the world
Landscapes of a new cultural economy of space
Finnish journal for Romanian studies
Psychosocial support after traumatic experience : helpers' perspectives from different cultures
The march of civilisation
We are all cannibals and other essays
Consumer India : inside the Indian mind and wallet
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to discover the perceptions and expectations of ethnically diverse population regarding culturally competent care. We also wanted to find out what the patients considered to be the main barriers in providing culturally competent care. We aimed to find studies specifically in primary care settings.     This final project is a part of Local and Global Development in Social Services and Health Care (LOG-Sote) project. This project aims to develop heath care services in Finland towards a more immigrant-friendly direction. The methodology of this final project was a systematic literature review consisting of fifteen research articles obtained through CINAHL, PUBMED and OVID (MEDLINE) databases.     The findings indicated that the patients expected the care they received from the health care providers to be family-orientated, respectful and holistic. Patients also wanted their cultural, religious and traditional beliefs and practices to be taken into account throughout their care. The main barriers to culturally competent care, according to the patients from various different ethnic backgrounds, were mostly related to communication, lack of common language between the patients and the healthcare providers, inadequate information provided to the patients by the healthcare providers and unmet health care need.     If the patients' expectations and perceptions regarding culturally competent care are discovered, it would help the health care professionals to understand their patients' needs and provide culturally appropriate care. This could help the health care professionals to further develop their cultural competence skills, thus, improving the cooperation with patients from different ethnical backgrounds..
The savage mind
KEY FACTORS IN PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT : Employee point of view
The world : a beginner's guide
Sharing knowledge through the initiating process
Influence of corporate top management to safety culture : a literature survey
"No better, no worse - but definitely different" : the presentation of target cultures in two English textbook-series for Finnish secondary school children
East-West interchanges in American art : "a long and tumultuous relationship"
Networking cultural knowledge : an interactive and experiential strategy to apply intercultural communication in business
The horse and the sword
Not with a bang but a whimper : the politics and culture of decline
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Culturally proficient learning communities : confronting inequities through collaborative curiosity
The value of cultural institutions : measurement and description
Nanook of the North
History of mankind : cultural and scientific development. 1, Prehistory and the beginnings of civilization
What happened in history
Culture matters in Russia - and everywhere : backdrop for the Russia-Ukraine conflict
The triple package : what really determines success
The effects of the English language on the cultural identity of Chinese university students
A young Tuvan shepherd witnesses the deterioration of his Mongolian culture as it collides with the modern world, from his older siblings' departure for boarding school, to the death of his beloved grandmother, to the poisoning of his faithful dog.
'Between two worlds' : comparisons and explorations in oriental and western music cultures
Contributed articles chiefly with reference to Himalayan region.
Culture in, for and as sustainable development : conclusions from the COST Action IS1007 investigating cultural sustainability
The state of the cybernation : cultural, political and economic implications of the Internet
The expatriates
Occupational therapy across cultural boundaries : theory, practice and professional development
Let's talk about "us" : a reflexive account of a cross-cultural research collaboration
How do the Sami culture and school culture converge - or do they?
Aspects of otherness in Japanese culture
The book of doubt :  a novel
The Economics of Cultural Diversity
Barnga : a simulation game on cultural clashes
Bone mountain : [a novel]
Dorastor : land of doom
Report of the Fifth Thule Expedition 1921-24
The hopi survival kit
Abstract book : International Transdisciplinary Conference : culture(s) in sustainable futures : theories, policies, practices : Helsinki, Finland 6-8 May 2015
Cultural Tourism: Perspectives of the Kainuu Region
A key to Hong Kong's future? : the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong in the British parliamentary debates of 1988-1990
Culture with a twist challenge for the 'Land of Miracles'
The interpretation of cultures : selected essays
A comparison of two models explaining the same phenomenon : a comparative analysis of cultural intelligence and the integrated model of intercultural communication competence
'Counterculture' emerged as a term in the late 1960s and has been re-deployed in more recent decades in relation to other forms of cultural and socio-political phenomena. This volume provides an essential new academic scrutiny of the concept of 'counterculture' and a critical examination of the period and its heritage. Recent developments in sociological theory complicate and problematize theories developed in the 1960s, with digital technology, for example, providing an impetus for new understandings of counterculture. Music played a significant part in the way that the counterculture authored space in relation to articulations of community by providing a shared sense of collective identity. Not least, the heady mixture of genres provided a socio-cultural-political backdrop for distinctive musical practices and innovations which, in relation to counterculture ideology, provided a rich experiential setting in which different groups defined their relationship both to the local and international dimensions of the movement, so providing a sense of locality, community and collective identity.
Images of Jesus : how Jesus is perceived and portrayed in non-European cultures
Military sociology meets the gap between cultures
The naked name of love
The human venture : from prehistory to the present
Our favourite stories : [from around the world]
Cultural diplomacy and cultural imperialism : European perspective(s)
Sharing diversity : culture as a resource for future Europe. Cultural policy and its dimensions in four European countries: Bulgaria, Finland, Germany and Poland
Oxford illustrated encyclopedia of peoples and cultures
Blooms and blessings : a secular exploration of the role of flowers in religious rituals and ceremonies
Intercultural city series. 2, Planning for the intercultural city
Sex, art and American culture : essays
Becoming Europeans : cultural identity and cultural policies
The fishermen
The world of Islam : faith, people, culture
Performing authenticities : cultural forms and their functions in the Reclaim the Streets -protest
The concept of the good in the context of family entrepreneurship culture : entre-pology of Russian family-owned businesses
Civilization before Greece and Rome
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
World cultures and world regions : the coming dialogue
Food. Volume 5, Food cultures and the globalization of food
The way citizens imagine their polities is a central part of the history of any nation. Their hopes and fears not only guide their own political behaviour, but also shape the responses of politicians. Languages of Politics provides a comprehensible and accessible portrait of public life and political language across the whole of nineteenth-century Britain. It asks: What was the political language actually used by contemporaries? How far were such languages stable and coherent across the period? In what ways did they offer both guides for political action and templates for political judgment? Did they demonstrate consensus or reveal contention? What kinds of shifts and transformations can be identified? This volume brings together leading historians to consider central topics such as governance, statesmanship, patriotism, political economy, religion, democracy, women's suffrage, Ireland and India. The map of the century it offers will be invaluable to all students of political culture.
Intercultural adjustment challenges in China : the case of Finnish expatriates
(un)Fashion
Managing multicultural personnell in Sunborn Marine Malaysia : developing guidelines and principles for uniting and harmonizing multicultural personnel
A Student's Adjustment To Madrid
Toward explaining human culture : a critical review of the findings of worldwide cross-cultural research
Cirkumpolârnaâ civilizaciâ : idei i proekty = The circumpolar civilization : ideas and projects
Nationalising culture : the reorganisation of national culture in Swedish cultural policy 1970-2002
Tigris & Euphrates
Comparative analysis of cultural policy conducted by Embassy of Russia in Finland and Embassy of Finland in Russia
Lost civilizations : rediscovering the great cultures of the past
The effects of culture on children's pain
How finnish exchange students experienced culture shock in People's Republic of China
Culture confrontation in the lower Congo : from the old Congo kingdom to the Congo independent state with special reference to the Swedish missionaries in the 1880's and 1890's
"In short: all people are different" : teachers' and teacher students' views and conceptions of cultural diversity
Cultural diversity in Finland
Where the dead pause, and the Japanese say goodbye : a journey
ICT papers on terrorism
Australia's moniculturalism as a model for other countries
Are organizational cultural distances affected by another human factor : innovativeness?. Part II [1]
The last of the Shor shamans
The Arctic : exhibition = L'Arctigue : exposition
"Employs archaelogical findings and historical records to describe the kingdom of Puyŏ, an ancient and largely obscure polity that once exercised influence over a large portion of central Manchuria in what is today the northeastern part of China"--Provided by publisher.
HeroQuest : Glorantha
The cultural adaptation of Finnish au pairs in England
Civilization : the six killer apps of Western power
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Tzolk'in : the mayan calendar
Royal tourism : excursions around monarchy
Primitive peoples today
Developing intercultural competence as part of professional qualifacations : A Training experiment
Marketing mix across cultures : A case study: Binh Quoi Tourist Village's wedding services to France and Japan
Changing research communities : essays on objectivity and relativism in contemporary cultural research
The heritage crusade and the spoils of history
Trans-cultural leadership for transformation
Thud!
Cultural point of view on visual brand elements : case East Asia
The blue sky : a novel
The futures of cultures
Tides of time
Cultural studies and education : perspectives on theory, methodology, and practice
Tourism and aboriginal heritage in the arctic as a means towards sustainability
CULTURAL DIVERTIFICATION OF TOURISM AND THEIR IMPORTANCE : Case study: CAMEROON
Making spaces : citizenship and difference in schools
The mystic warriors of the plains
Do humankind's best days lie ahead?
World history
Culture and schooling : building bridges between research, praxis and professionalism
