http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15410 Eastern Catholic Churches
Eastern Catholic Churches Uniate Churches
The Vatican and the red flag : the struggle for the soul of Eastern Europe
Austria and the papacy in the age of Metternich. 1, Between conflict and cooperation 1809-1830
Religion and the conceptual boundary in Central and Eastern Europe : encounters of faiths
The awakener of sleeping men : inquisitor Petrus Zwicker, the Waldenses, and the retheologisation of heresy in late medieval Germany
The scorpion. Volume 4
Deus vult : images of crusader violence c. 1095-1100
The scorpion. Volume 5
The frontier thesis and the Baltic crusade
Focusing on the theme of property and community, this study offers a new account of the origins of fifteenth-century Observant reform in the monasteries and canonries of the southern Empire. Through close readings of unpublished texts, it traces how ideas about reformed community emerged, both beyond and within the religious orders, in the era of the Council of Constance. Focusing on reform among monks and canons in Bavaria and Austria to 1450, it then shows how those ideas were applied in practice, through reforming visitation and through a devotional culture steeped in the 'new piety' of the day. These considerations allow the Observant Movement to offer fresh perspectives on the history religious community, reform, and the church in the fifteenth century.
Rome and the Eastern Churches : a study in schism
Transnational Catholicism in postcommunist Europe
Monks, nuns and monasteries
Poverty's proprietors : ownership and mortal sin at the origins of the Observant Movement
Ideas of religious toleration at the time of Joseph II; a study of the enlightenment among Catholics in Austria
Eastern Christianity in the modern Middle East
The incorporation of the northern Baltic lands into the western christian church
The Christian Church in the cold war
The clash of cultures on the medieval Baltic frontier
Catholics and sultans : the church and the Ottoman empire 1453-1923
The land, the Bible, and history : toward the land that I will show you
History of the Melkite Patriarchates (Alexandria, Antioch, Jerusalem) : from the sixth century Monophysite schism until the present (1910).. Vol. 1, Pre-modern period (869-1833)
Introduction
The discovery of the Baltic : the reception of a Catholic world-system in the European north (AD 1075-1225)
The cold room
The conversion of the lands on the southern and eastern shores of the Baltic Sea by Germans, Danes and Swedes in the period from 1150 to 1400 represented the last great struggle between Christianity and paganism on the European continent, but for the indigenous people of Finland, Livonia, Prussia, Lithuania and Pomerania, it was also a period of wider cultural conflict and transformation. Along with the Christian faith came a new and foreign culture: the German and Scandinavian languages of the crusaders and the Latin of their priests, new names for places, superior military technology, and churches and fortifications built of stone. For newly baptized populations, the acceptance of Christianity encompassed major changes in the organization and practice of political, religious and social life, entailing the acceptance of government by alien elites, of new cultic practices, and of new obligations such as taxes, tithes and military service in the armies of the Christian rulers. At the same time, as the Western conquerors carried their campaigns beyond pagan territory into the principalities of north-western Russia, the Baltic Crusades also developed into a struggle between Roman Catholicism and Orthodoxy. This collection of sixteen essays by both established and younger scholars explores the theme of clash of cultures from a variety of perspectives, discussing the nature and ideology of crusading in the medieval Baltic region, the struggle between Catholicism and Orthodoxy, and the cultural confrontation that accompanied the process of conversion, in subjects as diverse as religious observation, political structures, the practice of warfare, art and music, and perceptions of the landscape.
East Timor : prospects for peace
Daily liturgical prayer : origins and theology
The final revolution : the resistance church and the collapse of communism
Catholic belief and survival in late sixteenth-century Vienna : the case of Georg Eder (1523-87)
Politics and religion in Eastern Europe : Catholicism in Hungary, Poland and Czechoslovakia
Church and belief in the Middle Ages : popes, saints, and crusaders
