http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15467 airlines
airlines
Impact of introduction of Ifrs in Russia on tourism industry : case: Aeroflot Russian airlines and Russian railways
Aviation markets : studies in competition and regulatory reform
Customer Satisfaction Survey on Ryanair Webpages
Airline code-share alliances with antitrust immunity and their competitive effects on international passenger output : an application to monopolistic and oligopolistic network structures on the trans-Atlantic market
Airlines remembered : over 200 airlines of the past, described and illustrated in colour
"A one-of-a-kind, up-to-date guide to skillfully blending business and aviation issues to provide solid decision-making strategies and smart operating practices for the establishment and management of business aircraft"--Provided by publisher.
Aeroflot : An airline and its aircraft : An illustrated history of the world's largest airline
Effective online advertising and online marketing of a low-cost airline : case: Buzz
Liberalisation of the European aviation : focus on the North-European scheduled services
The importance of environmental and sustainability factors in the corporate procurement process when choosing an airline
Green marketing usage in airline industry
Air France
Evolution of international aviation : phoenix rising
Globalization and human resource management in the airline industry
"Since the first few airline tickets were sold online in December 1995, global online travel has grown to generate half a trillion dollars in annual revenue. This development has brought significant changes to airline businesses, travel markets, and consumers. Today, airlines worldwide not only use e-commerce for online marketing and selling, but also as a platform to offer unique services and capabilities that have no counterpart in the physical world. This book is an in-depth introduction to airline e-commerce. It covers a broad scope of areas that are essential to an airline's ongoing digital transformation: - E-Products - E-marketing - E-Sales and Distribution - Web Customer Service - E-Commerce Organizations - E-Commerce Strategy Modern day technology such as mobile desktops, social media, wearable computing and virtual applications are some of the major platforms used by airlines to advertise and sell their products to consumers. With a wide range of references and examples of leading companies from the airline industry and beyond, this book explores the various organizational structures to manage e-commerce. Written by an airline e-commerce expert, Dr. Hanke provides unprecedented 'behind-the-scenes' details of how airline e-commerce works. This book is a crucial companion for both students and practitioners alike who aim to excel in this area, as well as those who are interested in sales, marketing, customer service, and strategy"--
In the history of cooking, there has been no more challenging environment than those craft in which humans took to the skies. The tale begins with meals aboard balloons and zeppelins, where cooking was accomplished below explosive bags of hydrogen, ending with space station dinners that were cooked thousands of miles below. This book is the first to chart that history worldwide, exploring the intricacies of inflight dining from 1783 to the present day, aboard balloons, zeppelins, land-based aircraft and flying boats, jets, and spacecraft. It charts the ways in which commercial travelers were lured to try flying with the promise of familiar foods, explains the problems of each aerial environment and how chefs, engineers, and flight crew adapted to them, and tells the stories of pioneers in the field. Hygiene and sanitation were often difficult, and cultural norms and religious practices had to be taken into account. The history is surprising and sometimes humorous--at times some ridiculous ideas were tried, and airlines offered some strange meals to try to attract passengers. It's an engrossing story with quite a few twists and turns, and this first book on the subject tells it with a light touch.
Selecting metrics for an airline crew irregularity recovery process : framework construction and evaluation
Global airlines : competition in a transnational industry
The development of multilateral alliances : the case of the airline industry
The Hamlyn guide to commercial aircraft & airline markings
Practical aviation security : predicting and preventing future threats
Alliance integration : case oneworld
British Airlines : a study of nationalised civil aviation
Commercial aircraft : Markings & profiles
Current external brand perception of Fincomm Airlines
Air transportation : a management perspective
Destination unknown : marketing research and plan for Turku Air Oy
No frills : the truth behind the low-cost revolution in the skies
Flight catering
Ryanair : how a small Irish airline conquered Europe
Competitive position of an airline company : case SAS in Finland
Faded glory : Airline colour schemes of the past
Food in the air and space : the surprising history of food and drink in the skies
Airline marketing and management
Air rage : the underestimated safety risk
Lockerbie : the story and the lessons
Flying off course : the economics of international airlines
What factors influence Chinese flight attendants to deliver service quality?
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Managing airports : an international perspective
Airline performance and costs : an analysis of performance measurement and cost reduction in major airlines
Airliners of the world
A Research on Service Marketing of Spring Airlines
A Europe of the air? : the airline industry and European integration
The world's major airlines and their aircraft
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
Airlines worldwide : more than 360 airlines described and illustrated in colour
Capacity options for revenue management : theory and applications in the air cargo industry
Winning strategies for the Indian market
Strategic control information in airline route decision
Columbus travel planning workbook
Relationship marketing : learning from other industries : case studies : Tikkurila Ltda and British Airways
"The purpose of this book is twofold. First, it lays out the forces that shaped the international aviation industry and that changed all the rules in the drive for liberalization. Second, it looks at the many interesting and difficult choices ahead that the airline industry in general and the international aviation industry in particular face. These choices include many dichotomies: pulling back from the trend toward liberalization or embracing the liberalization trend, merging in search of profitability or fragmenting the industry in search of economies. These possible futures are explored including the pros and cons of each future from a national, consumer, employer, and employee perspective"--Provided by publisher.
Airlines of the Jet Age : a history
Jane's airline recognition guide
Impact of Introduction of IFRS in Russia on Tourism Industry Case: Aeroflot and Russian Railways
Airline tail colours
Company uniforms
Understanding travelers' continuous use of online travel services
Female leaders in Finland today : the key reasons contributing to the lack of women in top management
Plus news : magazine for Finnair Plus members
World airline colours. 3
How do different airlines adapt capacity to the changing demand during the economic crises
Airlines worldwide : more than 350 airlines described and illustrated in colour
The world's commercial airlines
A study of factors affecting personnel turnover and employee wellbeing : case: Airfix Aviation
The world of global distribution systems : fact and theory
Cockpit confidential : everything you need to know about air travel : questions, answers & reflections
Finding a potential airline to start operations at a regional airport : case Lappeenranta
Airline : identity, design and culture
The real aviator : The Howard Hughes story
Marketing and pricing of low cost airlines
Come fly with us! : a global history of the airline hostess
Strategic airline alliances
Express delivery & competition : case study Air France Express (UK), DHL (Finland)
Air transport and tourism
Airline e-commerce : Log on. Take off
Electronic services as a creator of competitive advantage in conventional scheduled airlines
WORLD AIRLINE COLOURS 2.
Positioning based on the corporate strategy analysis : case KLM - Royal Dutch Airlines
How employees experience a merger : case Karair
1000 airlines in colour
Branding in the low-cost airline industry and building competitive advantage through strategic positioning
Social media is becoming rapidly more popular and is an easy option  for anyone to voice their opinions on any subject. The Internet provides a  simple and quick way to obtain information and compare products or  services, hence many people look to social media sites for information.  Organisations therefore need to know what is being said about them on  social media in order to improve their products and services. This  Bachelor's Thesis investigates customers' opinions of Finnair and British  Airways on social media sites, in order to understand which aspects of  their services are most criticised, and which most applauded, and to  contemplate whether the airlines could use these comments to improve  their operations. More specifically, the technical and functional qualities of  the airlines were taken into examination to discover customer opinions  about them. Finally, as price is an important factor for customers, who  naturally want to use their finances as efficiently as possible, this was also  taken into consideration. The research was carried out using content  analysis of material collected from social media sites concerning the two  airlines. The material studied consisted of conversations and reviews from  three different social media sites - TripAdvisor, Airline Quality and  Pallontallaajat, and was collected between the 13th and 22nd September  2010. The research found which issues concerning technical quality,  functional quality and price had received feedback, and investigated what  had been said about these issues. The general opinion and the tone of the  discussions was also analysed in order to gain an understanding of  customer opinions. The research showed that customers were largely  happy with both airlines, and most of the comments and reviews were  positive. The areas that are most criticised at Finnair were luggage  handling, seating, legroom and in-flight entertainment, and at British  Airways the aircraft and seating as well as striking. As negative reviews  leave a stronger impression on potential customers than positive reviews,  suggestions were made for both airlines based on the consumer  comments so that they could reduce the amount of negative reviews and  gain more satisfied customers.
Challenges for airlines in the baggage handling of today
Efficiency and competitiveness of international airlines
New man at the top promises evolution, not revolution : [Finnair's new president Keijo Suila]
SAS expands in the North Atlantic
The importance of public relations as a strategic relationship management tool in the airline industry
Cleared for take-off : structure and strategy in the low fare airline business
IT and business : a history of Scandinavian Airlines SAS
Journeys, landscapes : Finavia at the dawn of a new age
Benchmarking passenger air transport marketing activities in Vietnam : case company: Etihad Airways
Nuts! : Southwest Airlines' crazy recipe for business and personal success
The importance of frequent flyer programs for airlines : is reducing benefits the appropriate action for struggling airlines?
Finnair and British Airways on social media
Air travel ticketing and fare construction
Par Avion : Finncomm Airlines inflight magazine
Service & quality assurance in the German airline industry
Airline operations and scheduling
Airlines Worlwide
The Concise Illustrated Book of Modern Commercial Aircraft
The low-cost carrier business model and implications for the airline industry : an analysis of the low-cost carrier business model in terms of product and operating features and general industry implications
Airlines of the world
The passenger has gone digital and mobile : accessing and connecting through information and technology
Cost leadership as an airline strategy : the European model - theory and implementation
The Southwest Airlines way : using the power of relationships to achieve high performance / Jody Hoffer Gittell
Improving Customer Satisfaction, case Tiger Airways
Observations on advertising of flight services by different companies
Airlines worldwide : more than 300 airlines described and illustrated in colour
World airline colours. 4
The airline business
Inflight Catering Management
The digiworld challenge of Nordic airlines in the French market
Ruinair : how to be treated like shite in 15 different countries ... and still quite like it
The importance of effective service marketing during a recession : case study Delta Air Lines
Abstract.
Why do airlines form alliances?
Lack of women in senior management positions : comparison between Nordic and Western-European airlines
Business and corporate aviation management
Handbook of low cost airlines : strategies, business processes and market environment
Differentiation through services in the airline industry : case Lufthansa
This Bachelor thesis will examine the features of Southwest Airlines. The primary aims of the study are to explain what features have made Southwest Airlines market leader within the U.S airline industry as well as what features affects on company's impeccable profitability.    The thesis contains a literature part, where Southwest Airlines' organizational structure, leadership methods, organizational culture, and its features to profitability are recognized and discussed. The other part of the thesis will introduce a strategic analysis of Southwest Airlines aiming to recognize and suggest the most suitable strategic direction for the future. The study was based on academic, peer-reviewed literature which primarily concentrates on Southwest Airlines and its strategic decisions in the past. The strategic analysis was based on the strategic management theory, which conducts a comprehensive strategic analysis, analyzing company's external and internal business environment carefully, and providing a suggestions for the future strategies. The study doesn't compare Southwest Airlines operations to other companies, rather it aims to focus only on Southwest's strategic operational decisions, leadership methods and its operations. Literature analysis has shown that simplicity is the keyword in Southwest Airlines operations and leadership styles. Unique leadership style, and a loose-tight managed organizational structure without solid hierarchical levels have created a flourishing and employee friendly organizational culture, which can be considered to be Southwest Airlines most valuable asset. Simplified operations with unique organizational culture make the company possible to provide high-quality service with low ticket fees, which is unheard among the low-cost flight providers. In addition, strategic analysis concludes that Southwest Airlines strong market position, brand image, strong management and employee commitment; and healthy financial position provides a great starting point for international operations. Therefore Southwest Airlines should in future consider route expansion to international areas, in order to maintain and develop their strong market position and successful financial performance.
The "adjustable-curtain" strategy : overbooking of multiclass service
Competitive airlines : towards a more vigorous competition policy in relation to the air travel market  : report from the Nordic competition authorities
The first 50 years : [SAS 1946-1996]
The features of a successful airline company : case study: Southwest Airlines
Empires of the sky
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Global airline alliances play a major role in the aviation business today. Allying is one of the survival strategies of airlines. The global alliances operating today, Star Alliance, oneworld and Skyteam are largest organisations and the member airlines are naturally affected by the cooperation.     The interaction in the global airline alliances is examined with the help of using one of the three large global alliances, oneworld, as an example. The framework of this thesis is the theory of global airline alliances and more specifically the cooperation forms of the members in the alliances. The goal is to enlighten the significance of cooperation in an alliance for a member airline.      The thesis was conducted as natural continuation to the author's concentration studies in the field of aviation in University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef in Germany. The research for the thesis was started in summer 2008. The process of writing was longer than planned and was finished in the fall of 2009.    oneworld airline alliance is introduced in more detail with the structure, strengths and weaknesses. Two of the members, Finnair and American Airlines are introduced with more detail as they are a significant source for the research in the form of interviews from companies' representatives and a frontline worker, airline purser. The data for the research was collected from interviews and secondary data.     The areas of interview questions were cooperation forms such as code sharing, ground services and staff sharing, power in the alliance, idea of seamless travel, role of alliance coordinators and headquarters in Vancouver, and current projects. The findings of these interviews were gathered and discussed under three themes: commitment, culture and democracy. The topic of the research is large and this thesis was only an introduction to the interaction in alliances. The results did however discover interesting areas of the alliance cooperation such as areas that have not been made use of and the direction towards closer cooperation. The research suggests that commitment in the alliance is strong as investments made by the members are high. However, efforts in the area of shared training have been low.
Plus news international
Airline visual identity 1945-1975
The airline revolution : economic analysis of airline performance and public policy
