http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15447 vegetable gardens
vegetable gardens
Bolboschoenus maritimus s.l. in the Netherlands : a study of pericarp anatomy based on the work of Irene Robertus-Koster
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Quality declared planting material : protocols and standards for vegetatively propagated crops : expert consultation, Lima, 27-29 November 2007
Defoliation and plant-soil interactions in grasslands
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Grazing, disturbance and plant soil interactions in northern grasslands
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
The flora and phytogeography of Rodhos, Simi, Tilos and the Marmaris Peninsula (SE Greece, SW Turkey)
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
The African rain forest during the Last Glacial Maximum, an archipelago of forests in a sea of grass
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Abstract.
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Air temperatures in high-latitude regions are anticipated to rise by several degrees by the end of the century and result in substantial northward shifts of species. These changes will likely affect the source and sink dynamics of greenhouse gases and possibly lead to a net carbon release from high-latitude soils to the atmosphere. However, regional differences in carbon cycling depend highly on the vegetation community composition, which may be controlled by the abundance of herbivores. I investigated whether mammalian herbivores, mainly reindeer and rodents, alter ecosystem carbon storage through their impacts on vegetation and on dominant plant functional traits. I combined observations of recent changes in ecosystem carbon with experimental field manipulations of both herbivory and climate change and measured carbon storage in vegetation and soil, the uptake and release of carbon dioxide, microbial activity and compared these to plant community composition.Results of my PhD thesis show that under ambient conditions, the impacts of herbivory on both above- and belowground carbon storage ranged from positive to negative. Herbivory altered dominant plant functional traits and these were fairly good predictors of the changes in soil carbon. When combined with experimental warming, herbivory continued to exert control on the dominant plant functional traits but the strong effects of warming on ecosystem carbon storage mostly concealed the impact of herbivory. Interestingly, herbivory–nutrient interactions that were not linked to dominant functional traits determined the consequences of warming on soil carbon. Taken together, I show clear and site-specific impacts of herbivores on vegetation and ecosystem carbon storage and the processes that govern them. Therefore, I suggest that an improved understanding of the role of herbivory in the global carbon cycle could improve estimations of global carbon–climate feedbacks.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Ruderals and weeds in Godby, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Principles of soil and plant water relations
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Plant-induced soil changes : processes and feedbacks
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Flora of Australia. 43, Poaceae 1, Introduction and atlas
Energy efficient model for biogas production in farm scale
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Sustainable handling and utilisation of livestock manure from animals to plants : proceedings, NJF-Seminar no. 320, Denmark, 16-19 January 2001
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Flora of Australia. 1, Introduction
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
Gróđukort af Íslandi : yfirlitskort = Vegetation map of Iceland
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
The vegetation of Egypt
Environmental impact of household biogas plants in India : local and global perspective
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Greenhouse gas fluxes from drained peat soils:a comparison of different land use types and hydrological site characteristics
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
Straw bale gardens : the breakthrough method for growing vegetables anywhere, earlier and with not weeding
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
What determines the timberline?
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Influence of changes in crop cultivation areas on pollen contents of honey
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
The ultimate step-by-step kid's first gardening book : 120 fabulous projects, with stage-bystage instructions and ovar 1200 stunning photograhs : fantastic gardening ideas for 5-12 year olds, from growing fruit and vegetables and fun with flowers to wildlife gardening and craft projects
Charleston Kedding : a history of kitchen gardening
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
Seed and planting material available to small-scale farmers in many developing countries is often of insufficient quality, which undermines potential yield and performance of crop production. In 1993, the FAO Plant Production and Protection Division (AGP) initiated an expert consultation that produced technical guidelines on standards and procedures for quality seeds, known as the quality declared seed (QDS) system. QDS, as a quality assurance scheme for seed production, is less demanding than full quality control systems and, thus, can be more easily implemented in situations where resources are limited. However, crop species propagated by diverse vegetative structures such as setts, stem cuttings, tubers, suckers, corms and others have not been included in QDS, even though some of these species are of major importance for agricultural production and food security. Many of these crops, such as yam, cassava and sweetpotato, belong to tropical or subtropical agricultural systems and are staple foods in many developing countries. This publication presents protocols and standards for the production of quality planting material of the most important vegetatively reproduced crops.--Preface
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Maize and winter wheat production with different soil tillage systems on silty loam
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
The Åland Islands, SW Finland, are known for luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants, but ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a waste ground in the island of Dånö, municipality of Geta, on which several non-familiar vascular plants grew. The waste ground has been used for dumping flower shop garbage and thus some unfamiliar plants have been dumped there. The following species have not been found previously as ruderal plants in the Åland Islands: Allium sativum, Cucumis melo, Dipsacus fullonum, Hedera helix, Inula helenium and Lactuca serriola. Several other more or less rare ruderals were also found on the waste ground: Bromus secalinus, Conyza canadensis, Holcus lanatus, Lepidium densiflorum subsp. neglectum and Senecio jacobaea. Three garden shrubs, Rosa spinosissima, Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus and Salix viminalis grew together with more common garden ruderals, such as Digitalis purpurea, Malva moschata and Saponaria officinalis. A total of 137 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing on the waste ground..
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Comparison of growth and physiological responses to severe drought between two altitudinal Hippophae rhamnoides populations
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Findus plants meatballs
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Herbivory control over tundra carbon storage under climate change
The yield and essential oil content of mint (Mentha ssp.) in Northern Ostrobothnia
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Vegetation of Tasmania
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Stream plant chemistry as indicator of acid sulphate soils in Sweden
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Medium-run projections for greenhouse gas emissions arising from agriculture: the case of milk production in Estonia
Crop yield response to water
Enhancing methane production in a farm-scale biogas production system
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Reshaping American agriculture to meet its biofuel and biopolymer roles
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
The tale of a naughty little rabbit
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Horticultured cities
Ruderal vascular plants on a waste ground in the island of Dånö, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
In order to respond to increasing global food demand and provide for national economic growth, the Estonian Dairy Strategy for 2012−2020 aims to achieve a 30% growth in milk production. At the same time, there is a global attempt to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. This paper analyses the medium-term (2015−2020) projections for milk production and associated GHG emissions from dairy cows in Estonia. The FAPRI-GOLD type market model of Estonian agriculture, which is used for projections of agricultural production, was supplemented with a module that helps project GHG emissions. The paper demonstrates the endogenisation of GHG emission factors in a relatively general agricultural market model context. The results imply that increasing milk production by 30% by 2020 would jeopardise Estonia's commitments with regard to agricultural GHG emissions. However, the average GHG emission per tonne of produced milk will decline, thus reducing the “carbon footprint” of milk production.
Get growing! : activities for food and garden learning : a teacher resource for elementary and middle grades
Influence of ground substrate on establishment of reindeer lichen after artificial dispersal
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Is prosopis a curse or a blessing? : an ecological-economic analysis of an invasive alien tree species in Sudan
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Effect of nitrogen fertilization, grass species and cultivar on sod production on Valkeasuo peat bog - a case study
Value from village processing
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
The Åland Islands in SW Finland are known for their luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants. Ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a ruderal site in the centre of the village of Godby, municipality of Finström, in 2002. Most of the organic topsoil had been removed and several rare ruderal species grew then on the open ruderal site. The site became more closed, resembling a meadow rather than a ruderal ground already in 2006 and later the vegetation developed into a tall and rough grown meadow with some shrubs and young trees. The following ruderal plants are treated more in detail: Agrostemma githago, Anthemis tinctoria, Centaurea cyanus, Cichorium intybus, Dianthus deltoides (cultivar), Echium vulgare, Holcus lanatus, Leontodon hispidus, Lotus corniculatus var. sativus, Papaver dubium subsp. dubium, P. rhoeas, Phleum phleoides, Rumex thyrsiflorus, Senecio jacobaea, Thymus pulegioides, Trifolium dubium and Vicia tenuifolia. Besides some trees and shrubs, 133 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing in the ruderal site during the period 2002-2015. The origin of the ruderal flora is not known. It is suggested that at least some of the plants have originated from seeds in the former cultivated field. A deliberate sowing of flower seeds of foreign provenance cannot, however, be excluded, although we have not been able to prove it.
