http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15413 war reparations
war reparations
The Holocaust Industry: Reflections on the Exploitation of Jewish Suffering
In his iconoclastic and controversial study, Norman G. Finkelstein moves from an interrogation of the place the Holocaust has come to occupy in global culture to a disturbing examination of recent Holocaust compensation settlements. It was not until the Arab–Israeli War of 1967, when Israel’s evident strength brought it into line with US foreign policy, that memory of the Holocaust began to acquire the exceptional prominence it has today. Recalling Holocaust fraudsters such as Jerzy Kosiński and Binjamin Wilkomirski, as well as the demagogic constructions of writers like Daniel Goldhagen, Finkelstein contends that the main danger posed to the memory of Nazism’s victims comes from some of the very people who profess most passionately to defend it. Drawing on a wealth of untapped sources, he exposes the double shakedown of European countries and legitimate Jewish claimants, and concludes that the Holocaust industry has become an outright extortion racket.
Reconstruction in Finland
The Finnish war intemnity schooners
Victimological approaches to international crimes : Africa
The impact of reparations on the post-war Finnish economy : an input-output study
Suomen laivat punatähtisen sotalipun alla = Finnish ships in the red bannered navy
Supranational criminal prosecution of sexual violence : the ICC and the practice of the ICTY and the ICTR
Robot Law
Closing the books : Jewish insurance claims from the Holocaust
Finnish war reparation payments to the Soviet Union in 1945-1952 : a case study of post-war conversation
Redress for victims of crimes under international law
"This market-leading textbook gives an authoritative account of international criminal law, and focuses on what the student needs to know - the crimes that are dealt with by international courts and tribunals as well as the procedures that police the investigation and prosecution of those crimes. The reader is guided through controversies with an accessible, yet sophisticated approach by the author team of four international lawyers, with experience both of teaching the subject, and as negotiators at the foundation of the International Criminal Court and the Rome conference. It is an invaluable introduction for all students of international criminal law and international relations, and now covers developments in the ICC, victims' rights, and alternatives to international criminal justice, as well as including extended coverage of terrorism. Short, well chosen excerpts allow students to familiarise themselves with primary material from a wide range of sources. An extensive package of online resources is also available"--
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
The question of European reparations in allied policy 1943-1947
The price of war : British policy on German reparations 1941-1949
Rwanda's Gacaca courts : between retribution and reparation
Suomen merimuseo = The Maritime Museum of Finland : annual report 1999
Justice for crimes against humanity
Reparation for victims of crimes against humanity : the healing role of reparation
Science, technology, reparations : exploitation and plunder in postwar Germany
Like the Internet before it, robotics is a socially and economically transformative technology. Robot Law explores how the increasing sophistication of robots and their widespread deployment into hospitals, public spaces, and battlefields requires rethinking of a wide variety of philosophical and public policy issues, including how this technology interacts with existing legal regimes, and thus may inspire changes in policy and in law. This volume collects the efforts of a diverse group of scholars who each, in their own way, has worked to overcome barriers in order to facilitate necessary and timely discussions of a technology in its infancy. Identifying controversial legal, ethical, and philosophical problems, the authors reveal how issues surrounding robotics and regulation are more complicated than engineers could have anticipated, and just how much definitional and applied work remains to be done. This groundbreaking examination of a brand-new reality will be of interest and of use to a variety of groups as the authors include engineers, ethicists, lawyers, roboticists, philosophers, and serving military.
Transitional justice and development : making connections
"International criminal law International law typically governs the rights and responsibilities of States;1 criminal law, conversely, is paradigmatically concerned with prohibitions addressed to individuals, violations of which are subject to penal sanction by a State.2 The development of a body of international criminal law which imposes responsibilities directly on individuals and punishes violations through international mechanisms is relatively recent. Although there are historical precursors and precedents of and in international criminal law,3 it was not until the 1990s, with the establishment of the ad hoc Tribunals for the former Yugoslavia and for Rwanda, that it could be said that an international criminal law regime had evolved. This is a relatively new body of law which is not yet uniform, nor are its courts universal. International criminal law developed from various sources. War crimes originate from the ?laws and customs of war?, which accord certain protections to individuals in armed conflicts. Genocide and crimes against humanity evolved to protect persons from what are now termed gross human rights abuses, including those committed by their own governments. With the probable exception of the crime of aggression with its focus on inter-State conflict, the concern of international criminal law is now with individuals and with their protection from wide-scale atrocities. As was said by the Appeal Chamber in the Tadi? case in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY): A State-sovereignty-oriented approach has been gradually supplanted by a human-being-oriented approach ? [I]nternational law, while of course duly safeguarding the legitimate interests of States, must gradually turn to the protection of human beings"--
An introduction to international criminal law and procedure
The way to war indemnities in kind
