http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15490 grotesque
grotesque grotesque (styles)
Dark inspiration : grotesque illustrations, art and design. II
The grotesque
The psychology of the grotesque in August Strindberg's "The ghost sonata"
From the naïve to the unnatural : Friedrich Schlegel's early romantic notion of the grotesque
The grotesque in Western art and culture : the image at play
The female grotesque : risk, excess and modernity
The grotesque in art and literature : theological reflections
The unnatural, grotesque body (politic) in David Almond's The fire-eaters and Jackdawn summer
The grotesque landscape and the naturalistic method
Arcimboldo : visual jokes, natural history, and still-life painting
Anamorphic narrativity : Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall in the renaissance perspective
"After an absence of seven years, Greg Bowman returns home from America to find his father lying in a bamboo coffin, his estranged brother Billy stalking a woman with no feet, and his 79-year-old Uncle Frank planning to rob a bank. While renovating the family home, he is unexpectedly visitied by the presence of his dead father and charged with the task of 'fixing' the family. In the course of his reluctant investigations, Greg discovers not only the secrets behind his brother's and his uncle's strange behaviours, but also an unsettling secret of his father's, and one that brings him face to face with the unintended consequences of his own past."--Publisher's description.
The grotesque and the unnatural
The Arcimboldo effect : transformations of the face from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
Estranged stage : a thematic and semiotic approach to the grotesque in selected American drama
Flannery O'Connor's religion of the grotesque
Why the French love Jerry Lewis : from cabaret to early cinema
The phenomenon of the grotesque in modern southern fiction : some aspects of its form and function
WWW HR Giger com
Strange bodies : gender and identity in the novels of Carson McCullers
Elements of the sublime and the grotesque in the poetry of Sirkka Turkka
Textual intersections : literature, history and the arts in nineteenth-century Europe
Finnish Summary.
Rethinking the concept of the grotesque : Crashaw, Baudelaire, Magritte
Pim & Francie : The golden bear days (artifacts and bone fragments)
Seriously weird : papers on the grotesque
"Queen of ambiguities, goddess of in-between states" : the carnival, the grotesque and the trickster in Angela Carter's Nights at the circus
A foul and pestilent congregation : images of "freaks" in baroque art
Carnivalesque in Roald Dahl's The BFG
Aubrey Beardsley, dandy of the grotesque
Reading the grotesque through the unnatural
Metamorphosed margins : the case for a visual rhetoric of the Renaissance Grottesche under the influence of Ovid's Metamorphoses
Comedy as a vehicle of subversion : Smack the pony's feminist discourse
Postcolonial and feminist grotesque : texts of contemporary excess
Aidas Bareikis : straight to the top, I ́ll take... : Kunsthalle Wien, project space, [28. Januar - 13 März, 2005] / [Redaktion: Sigrid Mittersteiner]
The body in contemporary art / Sally O'Reilly
Monster theory : reading culture
Grotesque knowledge in Daniel Defoe's Journal of the plague year
The mad dog, or last taboo guarded by alone Cerberus
This book establishes a view of the grotesque in Western art and culture, from 1500 to the present day. Following the non-linear evolution of the grotesque, Frances S. Connelly analyzes key works, situating them within their immediate social and cultural contexts, as well as their place in the historical tradition. By taking a long historical view, the book reveals the grotesque to be a complex and continuous tradition comprised of several distinct strands: the ornamental, the carnivalesque and caricatural, the traumatic, and the profound. The book articulates a model for understanding the grotesque as a rupture of cultural boundaries that compromises and contradicts accepted realities. Connelly demonstrates that the grotesque is more than a style, genre, or subject; it is a cultural phenomenon engaging the central concerns of the humanistic debate today. Hybrid, ambivalent, and changeful, the grotesque is a shaping force in the modern era.
Heavy flies: disproportionate narration in literary realism
Modern art and the grotesque
Anarchic dance
Grotesque figures : Baudelaire, Rousseau, and the aesthetics of modernity
Monty Python : complete and utter theory of the grotesque
In this study Geoffrey Galt Harpham argues that we should view the grotesque not as a marginal or aberrant form, but rather as a key to central concepts in the Western artistic tradition. With discussions of pictorial and narrative art, and readings of theoretical statements by Kant, Hegel, Ruskin and others, this book expands our concept of the grotesque, and enriches our understanding of art itself.
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
Staging the savage God : the grotesque in performance
The republic of wine : a novel
The last of the Bowmans
The satirical dimensions of Tom Stoppard's political drama : from the abstract to the concrete sphere of satire
The unnaturalness of nature : Robert Frost's "The fear"
Irony, satire, parody and the grotesque in the music of Shostakovich : a theory of musical incongruities
"The focus of this book is musical irony. It offers new methodologies for the semiotic analysis of music, and inspects the ironical messages in Shostakoch's music independently of political and biographical bias. Its approach to music is interdisciplinary, comparing musical devices with artistic principles and literary analyses of satire, irony, parody and the grotesque. Each one of these modes is firstly inspected and defined as a separate subject, independent of music. The results of these inspections are subsequenty applied to music, firstly in general and then more specifically to the music of Shostakovich. The composer's cultural and historical milieux are taken into account and, where relevant, inspected and analysed separately before their application to the music.".
The grotesque factor : essays
Farce
Bartók and the grotesque : studies in modernity, the body and contradiction in music
On the grotesque : strategies of contradiction in art and literature
The grotesque - the exagggerated, the deformed, the monstrous - has been a well-considered subject for students of comparative literature and art. In a major addition to the literature of art, cultural criticism and feminist studies, Mary Russo re-examines the grotesque in the light of gender, exploring the works of Angela Carter, David Cronenberg, Bahktin, Kristeva, Freud, Zizek. Mary Russo looks at the portrayal of the grotesque in Western culture and by combining the iconographic and the historical, locates the role of the woman's body in the discourse of the grotesque.
A history of caricature et grotesque in literature and art
The song of the marsh queen : guerlesque and queer desire in Monika Fagerholm's novels The American girl and the Glitter scene
Comic grotesque : wit and mockery in German art, 1870-1940
The modern satiric grotesque and its traditions
The grotesque in art and literature
A poet of her own faith : Lucille Clifton's remaking of Christianity
How Butoh's grotesque bodies disturb the symbolic order : psychoanalytic-feminist interpretations of Butoh
Synge. the medieval and the grotesque
The Grotesque : concept and characteristics
The Arcimboldo effect : transformation of the face from the sixteenth to the twentieth century
