http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15429 wood chemistry
wood chemistry
Wood chemistry. Vol. 2
Abstract.
The chemistry of wood preservation
The biology of reaction wood
Chemical analysis of mineral elements in spring sap of birch : daily and seasonal variations in the sap composition
The nature of the strongly acidic groups in soda lignin from spruce wood
With todays ever growing economic and ecological problems, wood as a raw material takes on increasing significance as the most important renewable source of energy and as industrial feedstock for numerous products. Its chemical and anatomical structure and the excellent properties that result allow wood to be processed into the most diverse products; from logs to furniture and veneers, and from wood chippings to wooden composites and paper. The aim of this book is to review advances in research on the cellular aspects of cambial growth and wood formation in trees over recent decades. The book is divided into two major parts. The first part covers the basic process of wood biosynthesis, focusing on five major steps that are involved in this process: cell division, cell expansion, secondary cell wall formation, programmed cell death and heartwood formation. The second part of the book deals with the regulation of wood formation by endogenous and exogenous factors. On the endogenous level the emphasis is placed on two aspects: control of wood formation by phytohormones and by molecular mechanisms. Apart from endogenous factors, various exogenous effects (such as climate factors) are involved in wood formation. Due to modern microscopic as well as molecular techniques, the understanding of wood formation has progressed significantly over the last decade. Emphasizing the cellular aspects, this book first gives an overview of the basic process of wood formation, before it focuses on factors involved in the regulation of this process.
Proceedings of the ICOM Waterlogged Wood Working Group Conference, 15-18th September, 1981, Canadian Conservation Institute ..
Problems in wood chemistry
Wood and cellulosic chemistry
Papermaking science and technology. Book 3, Forest products chemistry
ISWPC : 9th International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry, June 9-12, 1997 : Marriott Chäteau Champlain, Montréal, Quebec, Canada. Poster presentations
Application of the fast pyrolysis process for obtaining of bio-oil from wood
Effect of fiber wall chemistry on pulping processes of novel Eucalyptus hybrids
Effects of repeated slash removal in thinned stands on soil chemistry and understorey vegetation
Chemical changes in wood during heating at 150-260 C̊
Handbook of wood chemistry and wood composites
Crystalline cellulose and derivatives : characterization and structures
The chemistry of cellulose and wood
Guayule in Australia : potential production of natural rubber from Guayule (Parthenium argentatum) in Australia
Plastics from farm and forest
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
On the potential utilisation of sawdust and wood chip screenings
The effect of chemical and physical characteristics of feedstock on wood liquefaction by steam/water pyrolysis
Thermo-hydro-mechanical processing of wood
Modified resin acids in the reaction zone of Fomes annosus-affected sapwood of Norway spruce
Mechanical properties of bamboo
Microbial degradation of waterlogged coniferous wood : Evaluation of its degree and type
Archaeological wood : properties, chemistry, and preservation : developed from a symposium sponsored by the cellulose, paper and textile division at the 196th national meeting of the American Chemical Society, Los Angeles, California, September 25-September 30, 1988
The book is an essential reference source on reaction wood for wood scientists and technologists, plant biologists, silviculturists, forest ecologists, and anyone involved in the growing of trees and the processing of wood. It brings together our current understanding of all aspects of reaction wood, and is the first book to compare and discuss both compression wood and tension wood. Trees produce reaction wood to maintain the vertical orientation of their stems and the optimum angle of each branch. They achieve this by laying down fibre cell walls in which differences in physical and chemical structure from those of normal fibres are expressed as differential stresses across the stem or branch. This process, while of obvious value for the survival of the tree, causes serious problems for the utilisation of timber. Timber derived from trees containing significant amounts of reaction wood is subject to dimensional instability on drying, causing distortion and splitting. It is also difficult to work as timber, and for the pulp and paper industry the cost of removing the increased amount of lignin in compression wood is substantial. This has both practical and economic consequences for industry. Understanding the factors controlling reaction wood formation and its effect on wood structure is therefore fundamental to our understanding of the adaptation of trees to their environment and to the sustainable use of wood.
The chemical composition of small tree biomass in Finland
Towards sustainable utilization of vegetal resources : challenges and opportunities for chemistry and chemical technology : the international symposium at Åbo Akademi University, Turku/Åbo, Finland, September 11-13, 1995
Equilibria and balances of metal ions in kraft pulping
Some points of organization within growth zones of coniferous woods
Cellulose chemistry
Estimation of origin of lignin in humic dom by CuO-oxidation
Methods of wood chemistry. 1
Forestry, forest biomass, and biomass conservion : the IEA Bioenergy Agreement (1986-1989) summary reports
Towards molecular-level understanding of wood, pulp and paper : August 26-29, 2002 : proceedings
Methods in lignin chemistry
Emerging technologies for materials and chemicals from biomass : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Cellulose, Paper, and Textile Division at the 200th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 26-31, 1990
The anatomy of wood : its diversity and variability
Detection of chitosan in Scots pine by energy-dispersive X-ray spectroscopy
Technoeconomic assessment of direct biomass liquefaction to transportation fuels
Composition of Chinese wood and sulfate turpentines
Csiro atlas of hardwoods
ISWFPC : 16th International Symposium on Wood, Fiber and Pulping Chemistry : Tianjin, China, June 8-10, 2011. proceedings
Chromatography in wood chemistry
Pitch control, wood resin and deresination
Process chemistry in chemithermomechanical pulping
Wood Chemistry : Proceedings of the Wood Chemistry Symposium
Validation of acid methanolysis for the determination of hemicelluloses and pectins in wood and pulps
Wood microbiology : decay and its prevention
Sedimentation and diffusion measurements on cellulose and cellulose derivatives
Laboratory of Wood Chemistry : publications from 1980
Identification of softwoods by their mictorcopic structure
Analytical methods in wood chemistry, pulping, and papermaking
Sapwood extractives in Norway spruce inoculated with Fomes annosus
Chemistry of wood
The Chemistry of Wood
Pulp and paper : chemistry and chemical technology. Volume 2, Properties of paper and converting
Chromophore changes during bleaching, aging and irradiation of TCF bleached chemical pulps
18th International Symposium on Wood, Fibre and Pulp Chemistry (ISWFPC): September 09-11, 2015, Vienna, Austria : conference proceedings
Physicochemical properties of water-soluble spruce galactoglucomannans
Wood chemistry. Vol. 1
International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry, Hyatt Regency, Vancouver, BC, Canada, August 26-30, 1985. Poster presentations
British woodland produce
Polymers in the 21st century : 40th anniversary of the Society for Wood and Polymer Chemistry in Finland : a jubilee seminar held on October 23th 1998 at the University of Helsinki, Department of Chemistry
Pulp and paper chemistry and technology. vol. 1, Wood chemistry and wood biotechnology
Wood extractives of Norway spruce : a study of nonvolatile constituents and their effects on Fomes annosus
Cellular aspects of wood formation
Wallenberg-palkinto turkulaisille tutkijoille = Marcus Wallenberg Prize awarded to Finnish scientists
Climate change and human influence in the southern Bol ́šezemelśkaja tundra during the last 3000 years : a study of peat deposits by means of pollen and chemical analyses
Distribution of lignans in Norway spruce
Wood chemistry : fundamentals and applications
The chemistry of wood
Water-soluble polysaccharides in wood and mechanical pulps : a literature review / Sfefan Willför
Identifying wood : accurate results with simple tools
Wood chemistry : proceedings of the Wood chemistry symposium, held in Montreal, Canada, 9-11 August, 1961.
Cellulose science and technology
Paper chemistry : an introduction
A celebration of wood : proceedings of a conference held by York Archaeological Wood Centre in York, June 1993
Lignin and lignans : advances in chemistry
Wood and fiber science
Mannans in mechanical pulping and papermaking : naturally existing aids and promising wet-end additives
Towards understanding wood, fibre, and paper - deeper knowledge through modern analytical tools : May 19-21, 2008 Turku/Åbo : book of abstracts : final seminar of Cost Action E41 (Analytical tools with applications for wood and pulping chemistry) & Workshop of Action E50 (Cell wall macromolecules and reaction wood)
Heating values of the above ground biomass of small-sized trees
On the degration of spure lignin under conditions of thioligning formation
Rhizosphere chemistry and root exudates of Norway spruce and silver birch
Heartwood formation in stems of Pinus sylvestri L. : lipids and carbohydrates of sapwood and heartwood and ultrastructure of ray parenchyma cells
Microbial and enzymatic degradation of wood and wood components
Conservation chemistry : an introduction
Advances in lignocellulosics chemistry towards high quality processes and products : September 3 - September 6, 2000 : proceedings
Cellulose : the chemical that grows
IAWA list of microscopic features for hardwood identification
Chemical processing of wood
International Symposium on Wood and Pulping Chemistry, Hyatt Regency, Vancouver, BC, Canada, August 26-30, 1985. Technical papers
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 1, Fibre chemistry and technology
Ljungberg textbook. Book 1, Pulp and paper chemistry and technology : Wood chemistry and wood biotechnology
Progress in biomass conversion. 1
The chemistry of paper
Effects of thermally extracted wood distillates on the characteristics of wood-plastic composites
Properties and uses of New Zealand Radiata pine. Vol. 1, Wood properties
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
Natural products of woody plants I-II : chemicals extraneous to the lignocellulosic cell wall
Application of capillary electrophoretic methods for determining carbohydrates and aliphatic carboxylic acids formed during wood processing
Association between lignin and carbohydrates in wood and other plant tissues
Pulp bleaching : principles and practice
Diffusion in wood
Journal of wood chemistry and technology
Effect of fiber wall chemisty on pulping processes of novel Eucalyptus hybrids
