http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15485 development areas
development areas
Sustainable development and geographical space : issues of population, environment, globalization and education in marginal regions
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Labor, class, and the international system
Regional problems and policies in Canada
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Regional problems and policies in Switzerland
Report of the Workshop on Economic Strengthening of Fisheries Industries in Small Island Developing States in the South Pacific, Apia, Samoa, 14-18, September 1998.
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
National parks in Italy : sustainable tourism marketing strategies
TIM family molecules in hematopoiesis
Triple border regions in Central Europa : the case of Hungary and its neighbours
Shared vision and network leadership in regional development : case: the Lahti Region in Finland
Summary and conclusion (s. 9-19)
Cool : applied visual arts in the North
Selected papers presented at the workshop on economic strengthening of fisheries industries in small island developing states in the South Pacific, Apia, Samoa, 14-18, September 1998.
The future of Murmansk Oblast assessed by three Delphi panels
STRIDE : science and technology for regional innovation and development in Europe : report to the Community Programmes Division, DG XVI of the Commission of the European Communities : final report
RCDC (Regional cooperation among developing countries) : the new imperative of development in the 1980s
Theories of underdevelopment
Regional development platform analysis as a tool for regional innovation policy
Analysing a peripheral regional economy : reflections on a Finnish case study
Growth entrepreneurial training
Industrial districts : evolution and competitiveness in Italian firms
Effects or impacts? : synthesis study on evaluations and reviews commissioned by Finnida 1988 to mid-1995
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Lapland looks to the future
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
This paper evaluates the development of the socio-spatial structures and geoeconomic position of Murmansk Oblast up the year 2025. The study applies strong prospective trends and industrial cluster approaches in analysis and interpretation and it interprets the results in the context of regional development theories.The Delphi method is applied for analysing the potential development paths of Murmansk Oblast. Two Delphi panels were set up in 2005. The panel data in this article consist of the answers of 77 persons including pilot interview. The experts in the Murmansk panel are from Murmansk Oblast, the ones in the Moscow panel are from Moscow and St. Petersburg, and those in the international panel come from Finland, Norway and Great Britain. The clusters of transportation and energy will be the most probable growth sectors in Murmansk Oblast during 2005-25. According to the expert panels the three most important strong prospective main trends influencing socio-economic development in Murmansk Oblast constitute the potential of logistics and transport, the impacts of new technology and globalisation. From the viewpoint of development theories the development of Murmansk Oblast seems to rely very much on the argumentation of the resources and physical environment and supply-side theories.
The agricultural income situation in less favoured areas of the EC : November 1993
Smarctic : a roadmap to a smart Arctic specialisation : Tekes - strategic research opening : creation of new knowledge and competences in areas of expertise that are expected to be important for businesses in the future
The Helsinki-Uusimaa regional programme : vision and strategy 2010, strategic priorities 2014-2017
Northern Ireland : single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 1 : structural development and adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind : document
Industry and labour : class struggle at work and monopoly capitalism
Youĺl never walk alone : studies on international and national developments in tourism
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Possibilities of establishing an economic base in underdeveloped regions
How to manage a repressed economy
Finnish regional development policies
Nacala integrated urban development project, Mozambique : mid-term review
Papers on social change in North Karelia
Snæfellsnes as a brand : a study in regional brand identity
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
Regional development problems and policies in Poland
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
The policy and results of the development of economically underdeveloped republics and autonomous provinces in Yugoslavia
Across the frontiers : Ireland in the 1990s : cultural, political, economic
APPROACHES TO REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT : TWO DECADES OF RESEARCH
Italy - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Population growth and agrarian change : an historical perspective
On accession to the EU, Poland, one of the most agricultural countries in Europe, became eligible for the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), which it perceived as a chance to develop its rural economy. However, in constructing its Rural Development Programme 2007−2013, Poland directed the largest funding share to Less Favoured Areas (LFA) − a controversial measure, which has been accused of poor targeting and ineffectiveness. We analyse the economic consequences of LFA support for all 16 Polish regions according to Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS2), using a multi-regional computable general equilibrium model with LFA detail.
EDC Park needs assessment tool
Finnish districts and regional differentiation
Handbook of Research on Entrepreneurship and Regional Development
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
Politics of development in the Barents region
Regional science-based clusters:a case study of three European concentrations
The restructuring of peripheral villages in northwestern Russia
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
Potential for mitigation of regional disproportions in Polish agriculture
Body, town planning, and participation : the roles of young people and sport
Recent research has found pronounced differences in the level of entrepreneurship and new business formation across various regions and nations. This timely handbook reveals that the development of new ventures as well as their effects on overall economic growth is strongly shaped by their regional and national environment. The expert group of contributors give an overview on the current state of the art in this field and propose avenues for further investigation. Topics include the regional determinants of new business formation, the effects of start-ups on growth, the role of globalization for regional entrepreneurship, the effect of national and regional framework conditions, as well as the role of universities as incubators of innovative new firms.
The changing geography of innovation : Chinese and Indian regions and the global flows of innovation
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
Regional development programmes 1994 : Ireland
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions:an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
Financing economic development : an institutional response
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
UCOT: Semiautomatic Generation of Conceptual Models from Use Case Descriptions
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development : a comparative analysis of the constituent agreement
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
The changing pattern of Finnish regional politics
Distinctive features of Finland's development policies for its northern areas
Regional destination marketing and websites as marketing tool : Study case: Nature Park Lahn-Dill Bergland, Germany
Innovation and regional development : strategies, instruments and policy coordination : proceedings of the fifth international conference on innovation and regional development held in Berlin, December 1-2, 1988
The contribution of infrastructure to regional development. annex : companion volume to the final report
Governance matters : China's developing western region with a focus on Qinghai province
Sustainable tourism in nature areas
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
Human migration and its effects on regional development : from global to local
[The Research Institute of Northern Finland]
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
Cohesion and the development challenge facing the lagging regions
Greece : Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 1: structural development and adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind
On the role of state intervention in regional development
Portugal : Community support framework 1994-99 : objective 1: structural development and adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind
Internationalization : A Resource for Successful Regional Development : Laurea University of Applied Sciences International Students’ role in the Triple Helix of University, Industry, and Government
Clusters, innovation systems and ecosystems : studies on innovation policy's concept evolution and approaches for regional renewal
The present study focuses on two important dynamic capabilities in regional innovation systems: visionary capability and innovative capability. Visionary capability is based on the ability to acquire and assimilate future-oriented knowledge, and innovative capability on the ability to transform and exploit the acquired knowledge in the actual innovation processes. In the regional innovation system, innovation processes often take place in heterogeneous multi-actor innovation networks that set special demands for the absorptive capacity of the entire system. The present article sheds light on the aggregate process of generating and using foresight knowledge in regional innovation processes. Experiences gained by resource-based futures research and an "innovation session method" in the Lahti Region in Finland are described in a case study.
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
Regional development: the case of Finland
Annual report of the Lake Peipsi Project 1996.
The Structural Funds and the reconversion of regions affected by industrial decline in the United Kingdom, 1994-1996
Abstract: Returning to the home district : a study of the significance and possibilities of return migration in the differentation process of the countryside.
The significance of local governments in brownfield redevelopment projects
External border management as an instrument of migration control
Library problems in Finland's northern and northeastern developing regions
Nordic.regions@information. society.eu : success stories from Denmark, Finland and Sweden
Is development economics useful for economic development?
Integrated planning and management in the Baltic Sea Region : a GIS-model elaborated in Gotland
Ideas for development
Design and wicked problems in the rural Arctic
Off-farm employment and mountain development : report of the International Workshop on Mountain Off-farm Employment
Chinese superblock : a study and design tools for sustainable urban housing development in China
Developing coalfields communities : breathing new life into Warsop Vale
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Trade, labour and capital flows : the less developed regions
Patronage, power, and poverty in southern Italy : a tale of two cities
A method for assessing absorptive capacity of a regional innovation system
Southern Africa after apartheid : Regional integration and external resources
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
The regional development fund of Finland - KERA
Financial engineering techniques in regions covered by Objectives 1, 2 and 5b of the Community regional policies
Luxembourg - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exclusion from the labour market
Spain - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Agricultural policies towards less developed regions : policy issues and instruments; the experience of Poland
Applying Semiautomatic Generation of Conceptual Models to Decision Support Systems Domain
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
La Dolce Vita : on survival in the Europe of the unemployed
This article deals with the Finnish-Russian border in light of the European external border control policy and its impact on immigration. The 1985 Schengen agreement removed internal European border controls and external border protection became a major concern of the European Union (EU) and heads of states. The European discourse towards immigration changed during the last decade and patterns show tighter external borders. This research follows the Copenhagen school of security and scrutinises the Finnish external border approach under the aspect of immigration. It analyses the socio-economic importance of the Finnish-Russian border in comparison to the European trend that decreases the penetrability of external borders. The study results show that the Finnish policy approach focuses on regional development in order to achieve economic balance in the border regions. This approach is supposed to increase security by economic rather than by traditional border control strategies..
Future information technology poles : where and why?
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
The role of the Latvian planning regions in national regional development policy implementation and European Union structural funds management
Problems facing rural life in the northern Finland
Studies on service problems in the sparsely populated areas in Northern Sweden
Germany - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
In this article we chart the emergence of functional region level analysis and policy implementation in Finland and attempt to clarify its significance for the analysis of Finnish regional development in the latter half of the 1990s. The characteristics of development in terms of regional gross production, employment, and migration at the national level show a propensity towards increasing polarisation: more and more districts are below the national average as economic development agglomerates to fewer growth centres.
Studies on the spatial concentration of human capital
Regional policies in the United States
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Ireland : community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 1 : development and structural adjustment of regions whose development is lagging behind : document
The practice of underdevelopment and the theory of development : the Canadian Indian case
Agriculture in difficult circumstances : Finnish - Hungarian - Polish seminar, Saariselkä, Finland, 1989.
Spatial differentiation in Finland : a welfare approach
The long-term future of regional policy : a Nordic view : report on a Joint NordREFO/OECD Seminar, Reykjavik, 4th-5th May 1988.
Small firms in the periphery : a discussion on the small sawmills of North Karelia
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Innovation, universities, and the competitiveness of regions
Proactive Approach to Structural Change
Operations of the European Community concerning small and medium-sized enterprises : practical handbook
Challenges of Qinghai Province
Regional policy for the periphery of Finland in the context of an integrated Europe
Regional problems and policies in the United Kingdom
Efforts to create new development
Tourism and Nature Conservation in Koillismaa Region, Northern Finland
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Corporate responsibility and regional development
Technological change and development in remote areas : alternative approaches
Sustainable tourism and large protected areas : analysis models and success criteria of a sustainable tourism management using the example of the Alps
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Smart specialisation in the Helsinki-Uusimaa region : research and Innovation Strategy for Regional Development 2014–2020
Bees and trees
Transnational corporations and underdevelopment
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 1
Global scene, natural resources and development problems in the periphery country Finland: some reflections on Ilmari Hustich's world view
The influence of the accomodation sector on tourism development and its sustainability : case study: Strand Camping, Larsmo
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Community policies and mountain areas : proceedings of the conference, organised by the European Commission, Brussels 17 and 18 October 2002.
Regional development programmes : 1994. European Commission
Regional development zones in Finland: territorial cohesion and competitiveness
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
The Netherlands : single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
Essays on financial crises in emerging markets
Design and wicked problems in the Rural Arctic
Development of the infrastructure as one way for the activization of economically neglected regions : the experience of Korycin in the Bialystok Region
National regional development aid
Research and technological development in the less favoured regions of the Community (STRIDE) : final report
Farms of northern Finland
The regional development programmes of the second generation for the period 1981-1985
Towards regional development by Higher Education Institutions : an empirical study of a University of Applied Sciences
The regional innovation system bottom-up : a Finnish perspective
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
Landscape Ecology for Sustainable Environment and Culture
Resorts and regional development at the local level : cores in a periphery
This article analyses regional development zones (RDZs). RDZs aim to combine economic growth with balanced regional development by directing development in a zonal way between growing centres and less central areas. The zones are generally formed along major roads or railroads between larger centres. RDZs cross many administrative borders and physically connect areas to each other. The empirical material of the study is derived from Finnish spatial planning documents at the national, regional and local levels as well as of semi-structural questionnaire (373 answers) and interviews with key actors involved in the studied RDZs. The OuKa RDZ crossing Finland in west-east direction between Oulu and Kuhmo is studied in-depth regarding the goals of the European Union Territorial Agenda. RDZs can become an important integrative tool for territorial cohesion as expressed in the Territorial Agenda. However, a more efficient concentration of functional activities and land use to core RDZ structures, as well as enhancement of the belongingness of inhabitants and key economic actors to the RDZ, are needed for this purpose.
The consequences of Less Favoured Area support : a multi-regional CGE analysis for Poland
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Finnish urban regions
The north in transition
Periphery syndrome : a reinterpretation of regional development theory in a resource periphery
Sustainable welfare in a regional context
Actions aimed at the unemployed in the Objective 6 programme : report on the employment and business policy effects of measures aimed at the unemployed
The 1st Nordic Innovation Research Conference - Finnkampen
The contribution of infrastructure to regional development. Final Report
Space-time dependence in regional development : the geospatial approach to understanding the development processes in small-scale areas of Finland
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
A comparative study on campus sustainability in higher education sector in Hong Kong and Finland
