http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15436 world citizenship
world citizenship
Building a post-colonial cosmopolis beyond slavery : self-development, inclusion of the other and planetary realizations
Schools reaching out to a global world : what competences do global citizens need?
Whose cosmopolitanism? : critical perspectives, relationalities and discontents
"As globalization creates the need for leaders who transcend national borders, this book provides an insider's view of what makes them special. This is the first book to present a framework for understanding this fast-growing and influential group and it provides tools for readers to discover their own inner competitive edge"--
Cosmopolitics : thinking and feeling beyond the nation
Indigenous cosmopolitans : transnational and transcultural indigeneity in the twenty-first century
Stefan Wolpe and the avant-garde diaspora
Cosmopolitanism and the geographies of freedom
"The core idea shared by all cosmopolitan views is that all human beings belong to a single community and the ultimate units of moral concern are individual human beings, not states or particular forms of human associations. Nevertheless, the attempts to ground a political theory on overarching universal principles contradicts the plurality of social, cultural, political, and religious interpretative standpoints in the contemporary world. Is dissent cosmopolitan? Is there a legacy of dissent for a theory of cosmopolitanism? This book is a comparative, historical analysis of dissident thought and practice for contemporary debates on cosmopolitanism. In three parts, the editors and contributors explore the contribution of 'paradigmatic' dissident by the likes of Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Havel, Sakharov, Mandela, Liu Xiaobo, and Aung San Suu Kyi toward a post-universalist cosmopolitan theory and examine the inherent cosmopolitanism of the seemingly 'peripheral' dissent of contemporary forms of protests, resistance, and direct action like the NO TAV movement and Occupy Wall Street. Through this timely book which allows for a much-needed new engagement in contemporary debates of cosmopolitanism, we learn how practical resistance to totalizing/hegemonic claims is generated and how dissident thinking might contribute to new, enriched ways of conceiving the non-totalizing foundations of cosmopolitanism. It presents an innovative look at the lessons scholars of cosmopolitanism can learn from dissent/dissident movements and what the role of dissent in cosmopolitan democracy can be"--
After cosmopolitanism
Nationalism and its futures
"This book seeks to address the kinds of challenges that cosmopolitan perspectives and practices face in a world organized increasingly in relation to a proliferating series of global absolutisms - religious, political, social, and economic"--
Gender and Cosmopolitanism in Europe combines a feminist critique of contemporary and prominent approaches to cosmopolitanism with an in-depth analysis of historical cosmopolitanism and the manner in which gendered symbolic boundaries of national political communities in two European countries are drawn. Exploring the work of prominent scholars of new cosmopolitanism in Britain and Germany, including Held, Habermas, Beck and Bhabha, it delivers a timely intervention into current debates on globalisation, Europeanisation and social processes of transformation in and beyond specific national societies. A rigorous examination of the emancipatory potential of current debates surrounding cosmopolitanism in Europe, this book will be of interest to sociologist and political scientists working on questions of identity, inclusion, citizenship, globalisation, cosmopolitanism and gender.
Distant relatives : relative distance : [Michael Stevenson, 7.6.-8.7.2006] / [edited by Sophie Perryer]
FINNIPS : joint efforts for internationalisation
Cosmopolitanisms in Enlightenment Europe and beyond
Social transnationalism : lifeworlds beyond the nation-state
The future governance of citizenship
Grounding cosmopolitanism : from Kant to the idea of a cosmopolitan constitution
Obstacles and opportunities of internationalization of the academic staff at University of Helsinki
"Cosmopolitanism and Its Discontents seeks to address the kinds of challenges that cosmopolitan perspectives and practices face in a world organized increasingly in relation to a proliferating series of global absolutisms--religious, political, social, and economic. While these challenges are often used to support the claim that cosmopolitanism is impotent to resist such totalizing ideologies because it is either a Western conceit or a globalist fiction, Gunn argues that cosmopolitanism is neither. Situating his discussion in an emphatically global context, Gunn shows how cosmopolitanism has been effective in resisting such essentialisms and authoritarianisms precisely because it is more pragmatic than prescriptive, more self-critical than self-interested and finds several of its foremost recent expressions in the work of an Indian philosopher, a Palestinian writer, and South African story-tellers. This kind of cosmopolitanism offers a genuine ethical alternative to the politics of dogmatism and extremism because it is grounded on a new delineation of the human and opens toward a new, indeed, an "other," humanism"--
Sweden in the eighteenth-century world : provincial cosmopolitans
Becoming a cosmopolitan : what it means to be a human being in the new millennium
Cosmopolitanism in practice
"Emergent U.S. Literatures introduces readers to the foundational writers and texts produced by four literary traditions associated with late-twentieth-century US multiculturalism. Examining writing by Native Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, and gay and lesbian Americans after 1968, Cyrus R. K. Patell compares and historicizes what might be characterized as the minority literatures within "U.S. minority literature." Drawing on recent theories of cosmopolitanism, Patell presents methods for mapping the overlapping concerns of the texts and authors of these literatures during the late twentieth century. He discusses the ways in which literary marginalization and cultural hybridity combine to create the grounds for literature that is truly "emergent" in Raymond Williams's sense of the term--literature that produces "new meanings and values, new practices, new relationships and kinds of relationships" in tension with the dominant, mainstream culture of the United States. By enabling us to see the American literary canon through the prism of hybrid identities and cultures, these texts require us to reevaluate what it means to write (and read) in the American grain. Emergent U.S. Literatures gives readers a sense of how these foundational texts work as aesthetic objects--rather than merely as sociological documents--crafted in dialogue with the canonical tradition of so-called "American Literature," as it existed in the late twentieth century, as well as in dialogue with each other"--
Dramatic political events involving Muslims across the world have put Islam under increased scrutiny. However, the focus of this attention is generally limited to the political realm and often even further confined by constrictive views of Islamism narrowed down to its most extremist exponents. Much less attention is paid to the parallel development of more liberal alternative Islamic discourses. The final decades of the twentieth-century has also seen the emergence of a Muslim intelligentsia exploring new and creative ways of engaging with the Islamic heritage. Drawing on advances made in the Western human sciences and understanding Islam in comprehensive terms as a civilisation rather than restricting it to religion in a conventional sense their ideas often cause controversy, even inviting accusations of heresy. Cosmopolitans and Heretics examines three of these new Muslim intellectuals who combine a solid grounding in the Islamic tradition with an equally intimate familiarity with the latest achievements of Western scholarship in religion. This cosmopolitan attitude challenges existing stereotypes and makes these thinkers difficult to categorise. Underscoring the global dimensions of new Muslim intellectualism, Kersten analyses contributions to contemporary Islamic thought of the late Nurcholish Madjid, Indonesia's most prominent public intellectual of recent decades, Hasan Hanafi, one of the leading philosophers in Egypt, and the influential French-Algerian historian of Islam Mohammed Arkoun. Emphasising their importance for the rethinking of the study of Islam as a field of academic inquiry, this is the first book of its kind and a welcome addition to the intellectual history of the modern Muslim world. -- Publisher description
Creative cosmopolitanism : new fields of work require new fieldwork
Cosmopolitan modernity in early 20th-century India
At home in the world : cosmopolitanism now
Belonging and isolation in the Hellenistic world
Re-imagining political community : studies in cosmopolitan democracy
The challenge to global citizenship - study programme
The idea of Kosmopolis : history, philosophy and politics of world citizenship
Global citizenship in a digital world / : edited by Sherri Hope Culver & Paulette Kerr
Materiality and the modern cosmopolitan novel
Making European citizens : civic inclusion in a transnational context
Renowned cultural theorist Mica Nava makes a significant contribution to the study of cosmopolitanism by exploring everyday English urban cosmopolitanism and foregrounding the gendered, imaginative and empathetic aspects of positive engagement with cultural and racial difference. By looking at a wide range of texts, events and biographical narratives, she traces cosmopolitanism from its marginal status at the beginning of the twentieth century to its relative normalisation by century's end. Case studies include the promotion of cosmopolitanism by Selfridges before the first world war; relationships between white English women and 'other' men -- Jews and black GIs -- during the 1930s and 1940s; literary, cinematic and social science representations of migrants in postcolonial Britain; and Diana and Dodi's interracial romance in the 1990s. In the final chapter, the author draws on her own complex family history to illustrate the contemporary cosmopolitan London experience. Scholars have tended to ignore the oppositional cultures of antiracism and social inclusivity. This groundbreaking study redresses this imbalance and offers a sophisticated account of the uneven history of vernacular cosmopolitanism.
Transcendence : on self-determination and cosmopolitanism
"Cosmopolitanism is currently one of the most prominent topics in the social sciences and humanities, and a key concept for understanding globalization. This collection of essays, featuring a line-up of leading international scholars, argues that most work on cosmopolitanism uses a normative model, rather than fully interrogating the issue empirically, comparatively and globally. This ambitious and ground-breaking collection will push the boundaries of the debate on cosmopolitanism into new areas, opening up new lines of inquiry and analysis that will have an impact on the study of globalization and global process for years to come."--Publisher's website.
Kant's critique of Hobbes : sovereignty and cosmopolitanism
The cosmopolitan imagination : the renewal of critical social theory
Cosmopolitanism and the literary imagination
On cosmopolitanism and forgiveness
Introduction to international and global studies
Eighteenth-century Sweden was deeply involved in the process of globalisation: ships leaving Sweden's central ports exported bar iron that would drive the Industrial Revolution, whilst arriving ships would bring not only exotic goods and commodities to Swedish consumers, but also new ideas and cultural practices with them. At the same time, Sweden was an agricultural country to a large extent governed by self-subsistence, and - for most - wealth was created within this structure. This volume brings together a group of scholars from a range of disciplinary backgrounds who seek to present a more nuanced and elaborated picture of the Swedish cosmopolitan eighteenth century. Together they paint a picture of Sweden that is more like the one eighteenth-century intellectuals imagined, and help to situate Sweden in histories of cosmopolitanism of the wider world.
Adam Smith and the Circles of Sympathy : cosmopolitanism and moral theory
Cosmopolitanism and culture
Global citizens : how our vision of the world is outdated, and what we can do about it
Anthropology and the new cosmopolitanism : rooted, feminist and vernacular perspectives
Conceiving cosmopolitanism : theory, context and practice
Exploring multicultural belonging : individual across cultures, languages and places
Emergent U.S. literatures : from multiculturalism to cosmopolitanism in the late twentieth century
World citizenship : cosmopolitan thinking and its opponents
The practices of global citizenship
The global citizen. 1
Cosmopolitanism, identity and authenticity in the Middle East
Unrooted childhoods : memoirs of growing up global
"In this short textbook introduction to the idea of Global Citizenship, Nigel Dower examines the arguments from ethical, social and political theory for and against the view that we are global citizens. The discussion is set in its historical context but the main emphasis is on the idea of global citizenship as a cultural process, and its application in the modern world." "The book is divided into three parts - the Framework, which explores the historical context and the ethical and institutional aspects of the concept of global citizenship; Applications, covering key areas of current global concern, including the environment, aid and poverty elimination, human rights, peace, and global governance; and Theoretical Issues, which explores the arguments for and against global citizenship in more depth." "Key Features: includes a glossary of key terms; covers ethical, social and political theory; includes chapters on the environment, aid and poverty, human rights, peace, and global governance; addresses key issues in contemporary political and international studies; places issues surrounding September 11th in context of Global Citizenship; and covers role of the UN - anti-globalisation campaigns (e.g. in Genoa) - corporate global citizenship - Oxfam - Amnesty International - Jubilee 2000." "Assuming no prior knowledge of the area, this is an ideal introduction for anyone interested in the idea of global citizenship."--BOOK JACKET.
Global citizenship : a critical introduction
Cosmopolitanisms : new thinking and new directions
Democrats without borders : a critique of transnational democracy
Visceral cosmopolitanism : gender, culture and the normalisation of difference
"In this novel account of global citizenship, Luis Cabrera argues that all individuals have a global duty to contribute directly to human rights protections and to promote rights-enhancing political integration between states. The Practice of Global Citizenship blends careful moral argument with compelling narratives from field research among unauthorized immigrants, activists seeking to protect their rights, and the 'Minuteman' activists striving to keep them out. Immigrant-rights activists, especially those conducting humanitarian patrols for border-crossers stranded in the brutal Arizona desert, are shown as embodying aspects of global citizenship. Unauthorized immigrants themselves are shown to be enacting a form of global 'civil' disobedience, claiming the economic rights central to the emerging global normative charter, while challenging the restrictive membership regimes that are the norm in the current global system. Cabrera also examines the European Union, seeing it as a crucial laboratory for studying the challenges inherent in expanding citizen membership"--Provided by publisher.
Guru English : South Asian religion in a cosmopolitan language
Citizenship policies in the new Europe
Cosmopolitanism in contemporary British fiction : imagined identities
Cosmopolitan patriots : Americans in Paris in the age of revolution
Routledge handbook of cosmopolitanism studies
Europe and Asia beyond East and West
Alternative modernities
The political theory of global citizenship
Dispersing and Re-Configuring Sovereignty
The worldliness of a cosmopolitan education : passionate lives in public service
The cosmopolitan vision
Foreign modernism : cosmopolitanism, identity, and style in Paris
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Idea of global civil society : ethics and politics in a globalizing era
Embedded cosmopolitanism : duties to strangers and enemies in a world of 'dislocated communities'
Perpetual war : cosmopolitanism from the viewpoint of violence
Feeling global : internationalism in distress
Cosmopolitans and heretics : new Muslim intellectuals and the study of Islam
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers
An introduction to global citizenship
Global business citizenship : a transformative framework for ethics and sustainable capitalism
We the cosmopolitans : moral and existential conditions of being human
Another cosmopolitanism
Ideas to die for : the cosmopolitan challenge
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
The conditions of hospitality : ethics, politics, and aesthetics on the threshold of the possible
Cosmopolitanism : ethics in a world of strangers / Kwame Anthony Appiah
Cosmopolitanism and Europe
An ideal starting point, this book provides a sound and rigorous introduction to the ideas of leading contemporary theorists on issues such as human rights, global justice, migration, multiculturalism, with detailed references for further reading
Locating transnational ideals
Cosmopolitanism and the legacies of dissent
Routledge handbook of global citizenship studies
Challenging citizenship : group membership and cultural identity in a global age
Thinking differently about cosmopolitanism : theory, eccentricity, and the globalized world
Basic Rights, Global Justice : A Modest Defence of Contemporary Cosmopolitanism
Justification of migration, return migration and settlement : cases of foreign European students in Finland
Citizenship and nationality status in the new Europe
World citizenship and mundialism : a guide to the building of a world community
Global cosmopolitans : the creative edge of difference
Traversing transnationalism : the horizons of literary and cultural studies
Migration, citizenship and ethno-national identities in the European Union
Gerard Delanty provides a comprehensive assessment of the idea of cosmopolitanism in social and political thought which links cosmopolitan theory with critical social theory. He argues that cosmopolitanism has a critical dimension which offers a solution to one of the weaknesses in the critical theory tradition: failure to respond to the challenges of globalization and intercultural communication. Critical cosmopolitanism, he proposes, is an approach that is not only relevant to social scientific analysis but also normatively grounded in a critical attitude. Delanty's argument for a critical, sociologically oriented cosmopolitanism aims to avoid, on the one hand, purely normative conceptions of cosmopolitanism and, on the other, approaches that reduce cosmopolitanism to the empirical expression of diversity. He attempts to take cosmopolitan theory beyond the largely Western context with which it has generally been associated, claiming that cosmopolitan analysis must now take into account non-Western expressions of cosmopolitanism.
The divided West
Moving towards internationalisation of the curriculum for global citizenship in higher education
The sociology of cosmopolitanism : globalization, identity, culture and government
Cosmopolitan criticism and postcolonial literature
Teaching controversial issues in the classroom : key issues and debates
Social studies and the world : teaching global perspectives
Cosmopolitan political thought : method, practice, discipline
Cosmopolitanism : uses of the idea
From globalization to world society : neo-institutional and systems-theoretical perspectives
Cosmopolitanism and human rights
Europe in search of 'meaning and purpose'
Global citizenship : a critical reader
Toward an imperfect education : facing humanity, rethinking cosmopolitanism
European citizenship : an institutional challenge
Citizenship, Europe and change
Europe in and out
The dimensions of global citizenship : political identity beyond the nation-state
Post-cosmopolitan cities : explorations of urban coexistence
World citizenship : allegiance to humanity
The challenge to global citizenship : study program
Jewish memory and the cosmopolitan order : Hannah Arendt and the Jewish condition
Diasporas : concepts, intersections, indentities
Global citizenship : a path to building identity and community in a globalized world
Cosmopolitanism : ideals and realities
Enlightenment cosmopolitanism
"Originating in the idea of the world citizen and conceived in contradistinction to nationalism, cosmopolitanism is now understood as a perspective that regards human difference as an opportunity to be embraced rather than a problem to be solved. Does this perspective lie behind all "great" literature, which asks its readers to experience otherness by opening themselves up to another person's words and thoughts? Through analyses of contemporary theories of cosmopolitanism and literary texts such as Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, Heart of Darkness, Lilith's Brood, Moby-Dick, Othello, and Ragtime, Cosmopolitanism and the Literary Imagination explores the cosmopolitan impulses behind the literary imagination. The book proposes a method for a cosmopolitan reading practice that should appeal not only to scholars and students of literature, but also to general readers and is suitable for classroom adoption"--
Human rights and global diversity
"Since the 1970s, various sociological approaches have tried to understand and conceptualize "the global," yet few of them have systematically addressed the full spectrum of social relationships. Prominent exponents of the global approach - such as world systems analysis - instead have focused on particular domains such as politics or the economy. Under the label of "world society," however, some authors have suggested alternatives to the predominant equivocation of society and the nation-state. The contributions to this volume share that objective and take their point of departure from the two most ambitious projects of a theory of world society: world polity research and systems theory, mapping out the common ground and assessing their potential to inform empirical analyses of globalization"--
A man of three worlds : Samuel Pallache, a Moroccan Jew in Catholic and Protestant Europe
Nations matter : culture, history, and the cosmopolitan dream
Nationalism and beyond : introducing moral debate about values
Transnational professionals and their cosmopolitan universes
This title offers a dynamic account of an often confusing and widespread concept. Bringing together both historical and contemporary approaches to cosmopolitanism, as well as recognizing its multidimensional nature, Skrbis and Woodward shows the very essence of cosmopolitanism as a theoretical idea and cultural practice. Through an exploration of various social fields, such as media, identity and ethics, the book analyses the limits and possibilities of the cosmopolitan turn and explores the different contexts cosmopolitanism theory has been and still is applied to. This book answers questions such as: * How can we understand cosmopolitanism? * What is the relationship between cosmopolitanism and ethics? * What is the relationship between cosmopolitanism and identity? * How do cosmopolitan networks come into being? * How do we apply cosmopolitanism theory to contemporary, digital and mediated societies?
Citizenship in a global age : society, culture, politics
United in discontent : local responses to cosmopolitanism and globalization
Postnational feminisms : postcolonial identities and cosmopolitanism in the works of Kamala Markandaya, Tsitsi Dangarembga, Ama Ata Aidoo, and Anita Desai
Cosmopolitanism and the media : cartographies of change
Gender and cosmopolitanism in Europe : a feminist perspective
Global metropolitan : globalizing cities in a capitalist world
"In this work, Alan McCluskey explores materialism, in its many conceptual forms, in the contemporary cosmopolitan novel. The author applies a "cosmopolitan materialist" lens to the contemporary novels of Caryl Phillips, J. M. Coetzee, and Philip Roth, three contemporary authors who each hail from different parts of the world and produce highly dissimilar novels. His analysis illuminates stylistic qualities of contemporary literature that might otherwise remain unseen or unappreciated. Through the framework of cosmopolitanism, he also interprets and gains insight into the aesthetic, cultural, and socio-political implications of human life in an increasingly globalizing and interconnected context"--
Globalization : critical concepts in sociology. Vol. 3, Global membership and participation
The practice of global citizenship
Postcolonial perspectives on global citizenship education
Understanding the global experience  : becoming a responsible world citizen
