http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15453 etymology
etymology
Origins and meaning of names of South African plant genera
What should the "Sámit" be called in English
The etymology of Finnish sauna 'Sauna'
Khmer heritage in Thailand with special emphasis on temples, inscriptions, and etymology
New and old Samoyed etymologies. 2.
Etymological dictionary of the Altaic languages
The origin of the maa rahvas or estonians
A historical-comparative reconstruction of Nilo-Saharan
Etymology with especial reference to English
A handbook of the Uralic languages. 1, Fenno-Ugric vocabulary : an etymological dictionary of the Uralic languages
The origin of English place-names
A dictionary of eponyms
The etymologicon : a circular stroll through the hidden connections of the English language
The language of food : a linguist reads the menu
Keywords for radicals : the contested vocabulary of late-capitalist struggle
Studies in Aramaic inscriptions and onomastics 3 : Maʻlānā
A handbook of Germanic etymology
Africanisms in the Gullah dialect
Origin and development of conversions in English
The place-names of Shropshire. Part 6, The hundreds of Brimstree and Bradford South
A comprehensive etymological dictionary of the English language dealing with the origin of words and their sense development thus illustrating the history of civilization and culture. 1, A-K
Roots of Afrikaans : selected writings of Hans den Besten
Lost words : a feast of forgotten words, their origins and their meanings
Contributions to Middle English lexicography and etymology
Themes and tasks in Old and Middle Indo-Aryan linguistics
An etymological study of the english terminology of astrology
On the ''Early Baltic'' loanwords in common Finnic
Little Oxford dictionary of word origins
How to read a word
Word myths : debunking linguistic urban legends
The place-names of Dorset
Etymological dictionary of Egyptian. Vol. 2, b-, p-, f-
Paralipomena of Korean etymologies
Place names in Kauguri county, Latvia : a synchronic-structural analysis of toponyms in an ancient Indo-European and Finno-Ugric contact area
On the etymology and chronology of English Colour terms
The life of language : the fascinating ways words are born, live, and die
Paralipomena of Korean etymologies by G. J. Ramstedt
Bárbmu  ʻwintering place of migratory birdsʼ
Jólaköttur, Yuillis Yald and similar expressions
Finnish hiisi and Lappish sii'dâ
Studies in Korean etymology. 2
Origins : a short etymological dictionary of modern English
Basic Burushaski etymologies : the Indo-European and Paleo-Balkanic affinities of Burushaski
Etymological dictionary of Scottish-Gaelic
Probabilistic, information-theoretic models for etymological alignment
The use of Pas in the New Testament
The words we use
The place-name element bólstaðr in the North Atlantic area
The Oxford dictionary of English etymology
The name book : over 10,000 names  - their meanings, origins and spiritual significance
An etymological dictionary of the English language
An essay on substrate studies and the origin of Saami
Indian etymologists and their etymologies
What's in a word? : language - yesterday, today and tomorrow
"In The Name Game, Jurgen Gerhards shows that shifts in the choice of names are based on more than arbitrary trends of fashion. Instead, he demonstrates, they are determined by larger currents in cultural modernization." "Using classic tools of sociology, Gerhards focuses on changing patterns of first names in Germany from the end of the nineteenth century to the end of the twentieth, using these as an indicator of cultural change. Among the influences he considers is religion, and he notes a trend toward greater secularization in first names. He considers the extent to which Christian names have been displaced, and whether the process is similar for Catholics and Protestants. He traces the impact of different political regimes (Second Empire, Weimar Republic, Third Reich, West Germany, East Germany) and the accompanying rise and fall of German nationalist sentiment. He also investigates the dissolution of the family as a unit of production, and its impact on the naming of children. He shows that the weakening of traditional ties of religion, nation, and family has led to greater individuation and greater receptivity toward foreign first names. Gerhards concludes with a discussion of whether the blurring of gender and sex roles is reflected in the decrease of gender-specific names." "The Name Game will be of interest not only to sociologists and cultural studies specialists, but also non-professionals, especially parents who are interested in reflecting on the process of name giving."--BOOK JACKET.
Old Eurasian and Amerindian onomastics
Etymology and the European Lexicon : Proceedings of the 14th Fachtagung der Indogermanischen Gesellschaft, 17-22 September 2012, Copenhagenn
Ètimologičeskìj slovar' russkago âzyka = Etymological dictionary of the Russian language
Words of Oriental origin in Swahili
An etymological dictionary of modern English : With a new biographical memoir of the author by Montague Weekley. 1, A - K
Faith and belief : the difference between them
Spilling the beans on the cat's pyjamas : popular expressions - what they mean and where we got them
Tracing the roots of Chinese characters: 500 cases = [Hanzi yanbian wubai li]
Chinese characters : their origin, etymology, history, classification and signification : a thorough study from Chinese documents
On the origin of Suomi "Finland"
Origins of the specious : myths and misconceptions of the English language
There are tittles in this title : the weird world of words
Paraphernalia of the Selkup Shaman : Terms and their etymological explanations exhibiting metaphoric symbolism
Monosyllabism in the English language
Puranic etymologies and flexible forms : (some glimpses)
Voices of Queensland : words from the sunshine state
The concise Oxford dictionary of english etymology
May we borrow your language? : how English has stolen, purloined, snaffled, pilfered, appropriated and looted words from all four corners of the world
The making of Latin : an introduction to Latin, Greek and English etymology
The horologicon : a day's jaunt through the lost words of the English language
English colour terms : etymology, chronology, and relative basicness
Word origins : ... and how we know them : etymology for everyone
English words : history and structure
This book looks at how the human brain got the capacity for language and how language then evolved. Its four parts are concerned with different views on the emergence of language, with what language is, how it evolved in the human brain, and finally how this process led to the properties of language. Part I considers the main approaches to the subject and how far language evolved culturally or genetically. Part II argues that language is a system of signs and considers how these elements first came together in the brain. Part III examines the evidence for brain mechanisms to allow the formation of signs. Part IV shows how the book's explanation of language origins and evolution is not only consistent with the complex properties of languages but provides the basis for a theory of syntax that offers insights into the learnability of language and to the nature of constructions that have defied decades of linguistic analysis, including including subject-verb inversion in questions, existential constructions, and long-distance dependencies. Denis Bouchard's outstandingly original account will interest linguists of all persuasions as well as cognitive scientists and others interested in the evolution of language.
Imin̂ata Makedoniǰa i makedonci vo srednovekovnite izvori = The names Macedonia and Macedonians in medieval sources
Black through white : African words and calques which survived slavery in Creoles and transplanted European languages
Words, names and history
Isidore of Seville on the pagan gods (Origines VIII.11)
The emergence of protolanguage : holophrasis vs. compositionality
The Russian monsters on the etymology of an ethnonymic complex
Realnyi English : how to speak, tštoby vas ponjali
A contribution to the etymology with special reference to the suffixes -esque and -ish in the Germanic languages
Historical linguistics : an introduction
Etymology with special reference to English
Is there Palaeo-European substratum interference in western branches of Uralic?
Is Japanese related to the Altaic languages? ; Etymological index of Japanese
Old English lexical items relating to baptism
About etymology
A world of baby names
The prodigal tongue : dispatches from the future of english
The reception of Septuagint words in Jewish-Hellenistic and Christian literature
Karleby, Karlby i Finland and Charlton, Carlton in England : Two name complexes in the light of recent research
Choose the perfect baby name
Scottish place names : their meanings explained
Port out, starboard home : and other language myths
Etymologically common hydronyms, toponyms, personal and proper names throughout the Indo-European geographic area
Names of cereals in the Turkic languages
Bloomsbury dictionary of word origins
Dictionary of word origins
The cat's pyjamas : the penguin book of clichés
Studies in Chuvash etymology. 1
Studia etymologica indoeuropaea : memoriae A. J. Van Windekens (1915-1989) dicata
The real McCoy : the true stories behind our everyday phrases
The Finnic  ́secondary e-stems ̀ and Proto-Uralic vocalism
Collins Gem Babies names
Cassell's dictionary of word histories
Etymological dictionary of Egyptian. Vol. 1, A phonological introduction
In other words : a language lover's guide to the most useful and intriguing word from around the world
The language of the Civil War
Approaches to Eurasian linguistic areas
Chinese writing
Sound business : the reality of chinese characters
Baby names. 2010
A guide to remembering Japanese characters
Word origins
The story of English in 100 words
Springing from writer and journalist Mark Forsyth's hugely popular blog The Inky Fool and including word-connection parlour games perfect for any word-lovers get-together, The Etymologicon is a brilliant map of the secret labyrinth that lurks beneath the English language.There's always a connection. Sometimes, it's obvious: an actor's role was once written on a roll of parchment, and cappuccinos are the same colour as the robes of a Capuchin monk. Sometimes the connection is astonishing and a little more hidden: who would have guessed that your pants and panties are named after Saint Pantaleon, the all-compassionate?
In this useful contribution to a subject of growing importance in contemporary classical studies, Andreas Michalopoulos has collected around 200 etymologies and etymological complexes in Ovid's Metamorphoses. These are listed with brief accounts of the context, evidence for the etymology from ancient grammarians, discussion of the artistic function of the wordplay, and examples of its use elsewhere in Ovid and in other Latin poets. The introduction sets out a conceptual framework and succinctly describes etymological techniques particularly typical of (allthough not unique to) Ovid. As well as adding to the corpus of etymological reference works, this study will increase appreciation both of Ovid's learning and of his wit.
Etymology : with special reference to English
Ancient etymologies in Ovid's Metamorphoses : a commented lexicon
To coin a phrase: a dictionary of origins
The place-names of Dorset. Part 3, The hundreds of Redline, Sixpenny Handley, Sturminster Newton, Whiteway, Buckland Newton, Brownsall, Sherborne
Borrowed or inherited? (On some problematic etymologies in the Finnic lexicon)
An introduction to an academic vocabulary : word clusters from Latin, Greek, and German
Indo-European language and society
The Linguistic Background of the Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of Settlement
Etymological dictionary of the Slavic inherited lexicon
Studies in Korean etymology
Dravidian studies : selected papers
Stearn's dictionary of plant names for gardeners : a handbook on the origin and meaning of the botanical names of some cultivated plants
The consice dictionary of English etymology
Kentish place-names : a topographical and etymological study of the place-name material in Kentish charters dated before the conquest
In a word
Dictionary of first names : an indispensable guide to more than 10,000 names
The nature and origin of language
Hanzi Zhonghua = A Canon of Chinese characters
Origins : an etymological dictionary of modern English
Much ado about English : up and down the bizarre byways of a facinating language
Red herrings and white elephants
A historical-etymological dictionary of pre-Russian habitation names of the Crimea
The name game : cultural modernization & first names
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Y.H. Toivonen
Ideophones and sound symbolism in Atlantic Creoles
Demonstrative pronouns and adjectives i Garin Le Loheren and Gerbert de Mez : etymology, morphology, syntax and comparison with five Old French epic poems and five Old French "romans" : by Bernard M. Pohoryles
Written in stone : an entertaining time-travelling jaunt through the Stone Age origins of our modern-day language
Red Sea - Black Russia : prolegomena to the history of North Central Eurasia in antiquity and the Middle Ages
The nomenclature of cattle in the south-eastern Bantu languages
Russell Grant's zodiac baby names : The complete book of baby names defined by star sign
An introduction to Proto-Indo-European and the early Indo-European languages
Theory and practice of Romance etymology : studies in language, culture and history
The concept of integration : an etymological scrutiny of current terms and a recommendation of a less restrictive one
Linguistic atlas of the Punjab
New Etymologies for Some Finnish Words
Khamnigan data on the Turkic name of Lake Baikal
Paul's apostleship and the concept of diakonia in 2 Corinthians
Etymological dictionary of succulent plant names
