http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15491 genitourinary organs
genitourinary organs urogenital organs
Urogenital problems in adults following childhood vesico-ureteral reflux
Hormone-related reversible urinary rhabdosphincter disorder in male laboratory rodents : possible clinical implications
Campbell-Walsh urology
Urologic trauma and reconstruction
Cyclosporine A in the treatment of interstitial cystitis
Real anatomy 1.0
Diagnostic imaging. Genitourinary
Color atlas of human anatomy. Volume 2, Internal organs
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 4
Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS)
Peripheral neuropathy, myopathy and microangiopathy in uremia : a neurological, histological and morphometric study
A study on genetic mutations involving mitochondrial disorders : a diagnostic approach and application of human iPSCs to understand disease pathogenesis
Sexually transmitted infections : nursing care and management
Manual of medical-surgical nursing care : nursing interventions and collaborative management
XII World Congress of Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology, May 31-June 3 1998 Helsinki, Finland : final program and book of abstracts
The anatomy coloring book
Mulibrey nanism : characterization of hypogonadism, infertility and tumors
Gynecological problems of mentally retarded women, with special reference to progestin-induced therapeutic amenorrhea
Radiology of urogenital diseases in dogs and cats
Nursing practice : hospital and home : the adult
Pathology and genetics of tumours of the urinary system and male genital organs
Abstract.
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 3
Langman's medical embryology
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 6, The internal organs
Hypospadias : factors associated with origin and successful treatment of this anomaly
Essentials of human anatomy & physiology
Transvaginal mesh-augmented procedures in gynecology : outcomes after female urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse surgery
Trypsinogens and trypsin inhibitor (PSTI/TATI) : expression in urogenital organs and tumors
Atherosclerosis in the arterial supply of corpus cavernosum penis : morphology, prevalence and relation to erectile dysfunction : a postmortem study of 50 medicolegal autopsies
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology. Vol. 2
Textbook of female urology and urogynecology
"Abdominal imagers recognize that a formal rigid split between "GU" and "GI" radiology no longer works with the rapid advancements in cross sectional imaging that have occurred over the past generation. Nonetheless, when we began planning for the third edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Abdomen we realized that it was no longer possible to encompass the imaging and management of the entire spectrum of abdominal disorders in one text. We thus decided to separate diagnoses considered to be largely "genitourinary" (highlighted in this updated and expanded text) from topics judged to be "gastrointestinal" (covered in a corresponding, companion book). The Amirsys format of bulleted text - including key facts, imaging features, exam protocols, pathology, clinical manifestations/treatment and image interpretation pearls - is still employed.^Succinct, but exhaustive outlined descriptions of GU diagnoses are supplemented by image galleries that emphasize the pearls and pitfalls of modern GU imaging. The number of genitourinary diagnoses has been significantly expanded, and the utility of state of the art cross sectional imaging is emphasized in updated image panels. The approach mirrors current practice: examples of traditional imaging techniques utilized by GU radiologists decades ago (retrograde, intravenous urography, angiography etc.) have largely been replaced by their cross sectional counterparts (MDCT, MR, CTA, MRA, CT urography, MR urography) employed by present day abdominal imagers. Introductory narrative overview chapters describe relevant GU anatomy, physiology, imaging protocols and workup. GU oncology staging and interventional technique chapters - crucial material for current abdominal imagers - have also been added.^Finally, additional images and references are included in the Amirsys eBook Advantage that accompanies the print version of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary, 3rd Edition. This new edition of Diagnostic Imaging: Genitourinary was compiled by members of the Abdominal Imaging section of the University of Pittsburgh. The section has a long history of excellent collaboration with one another, and with referring clinical services. This collaboration has resulted in a legacy of clinical and academic success, and will be even more important in a health care environment that appropriately emphasizes value over volume. We are confident that this updated edition will be a go-to, readily accessible, clinically relevant resource for abdominal imagers and trainees for years to come."--Provided by publisher.
Paediatric clinical pharmacology of trimethoprim : effect of age, renal function and food on pharmacokinetics, and efficacy in the treatment of acute urinary tract infections in children
Gynaecological nursing : a practical guide
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
Heterogeneity in genetic susceptibility to prostate cancer
Treating Prostate Cancer and Related Genitourinary Applications
Introduction to the anatomy and physiology of children
Summary.
Comprehensive clinical nephrology
Sobotta atlas of human anatomy. vol. 2, Internal organs
Prevention of Vesicovagina fistula : a literature review and experience from Zambia
Equine stud farm medicine and surgery
Campbell-Walsh Urology
Ostergardȧs urogynecology and pelvic floor dysfunction
Vesicoureteral reflux in children
Campbell-Walsh urology. Vol. 2
Urogenital surgery
Vesicovaginal fistula in developing countries : women's health problem
