http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15455 heresy
heresy
The Waldenses, 1170-1530 : between a religious order and a church
Paul and the second century
The Spanish Inquisition : an historical revision
The search for the Christian doctrine of God : the Arian controversy, 318-381
A handbook of heresies
Lost Christianities : the battles for Scripture and the faiths we never knew
The passion of Dolssa : a novel
The trial of Jan Hus : medieval heresy and criminal procedure
Wycliffite controversies
The Eusebians : the polemic of Athanasius of Alexandria and the construction of the Arian controversy
The Cathars
The Life of Maximus the Confessor : recension 3
This book breaks with three common scholarly barriers of periodization, discipline and geography in its exploration of the related themes of heresy, magic and witchcraft. It sets aside constructed chronological boundaries, and in doing so aims to achieve a clearer picture of what 'went before', as well as what 'came after'. Thus the volume demonstrates continuity as well as change in the concepts and understandings of magic, heresy and witchcraft. In addition, the geographical pattern of similarities and diversities suggests a comparative approach, transcending confessional as well as national borders. Throughout the medieval and early modern period, the orthodoxy of the Christian Church was continuously contested. The challenge of heterodoxy, especially as expressed in various kinds of heresy, magic and witchcraft, was constantly present during the period 1200-1650. Neither contesters nor followers of orthodoxy were homogeneous groups or fractions. They themselves and their ideas changed from one century to the next, from region to region, even from city to city, but within a common framework of interpretation. This collection of essays focuses on this complex.
The case against Diodore and Theodore : texts and their contexts
Heresy and identity in late antiquity
The intellectual consequences of religious heterodoxy 1600-1750
Milton and heresy
Gnostic morality revisited
"[E]xtracts from the writings of Diodore and Theodore as cited by their opponents and supporters, in their historical order, from the death of Theodore to his condemnation at the Council of Constantinople in 553" --Pg. [vii]-viii. This is a landmark work, providing the first complete collection of the remaining excerpts from the writings of Diodore of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia together with a ground-breaking study of the controversy regarding the person of Christ that raged from the fourth to the sixth century, and which still divides the Christian Church. Destroyed after their condemnation, all that remains of the dogmatic writings of Diodore and Theodore are the passages quoted by their supporters and opponents. John Behr brings together all these excerpts, from the time of Theodore's death until his condemnation at the Second Council of Constantinople (553) - including newly-edited Syriac texts (from florilegium in Cod. Add. 12156, and the fragmentary remains of Theodore's On the Incarnation in Cod. Add. 14669) and many translated for the first time - and examines their interrelationship, to determine who was borrowing from whom, locating the source of the polemic with Cyril of Alexandria. On the basis of this textual work, Behr presents a historical and theological analysis that completely revises the picture of these 'Antiochenes' and the controversy regarding them. Twentieth-century scholarship often found these two 'Antiochenes' sympathetic characters for their aversion to allegory and their concern for the 'historical Jesus', and regarded their condemnation as an unfortunate incident motivated by desire for retaliation amidst 'Neo-Chalcedonian' advances in Christology. This study shows how, grounded in the ecclesial and theological strife that had already beset Antioch for over a century, Diodore and Theodore, in opposition to Julian the Apostate and Apollinarius, were led to separate the New Testament from the Old and 'the man' from the Word of God, resulting in a very limited understanding of Incarnation and circumscribing the importance of the Passion. The result is a comprehensive and cogent account of the controversy, both Christological and exegetical together, of the early fifth century, the way it stemmed from earlier tensions and continued through the Councils of Ephesus, Chalcedon, and Constantinople II.
"This book charts the emergence of women's writing from the procedures of heresy trials and recovers a tradition of women's trial narratives from the late Middle Ages to the seventeenth century. Analyzing the interrogations of Margery Kempe, Anne Askew, Marian Protestant women, Margaret Clitherow and Quakers Katherine Evans and Sarah Cheevers, the book examines the complex dynamics of women's writing, preaching and authorship under religious persecution and censorship. Archival sources illuminate not only the literary choices women made, showing how they wrote to justify their teaching even when their authority was questioned, but also their complex relationship with male interrogators. Women's speech was paradoxically encouraged and constrained, and male editors preserved their writing while shaping it to their own interests. This book challenges conventional distinctions between historical and literary forms while identifying a new tradition of women's writing across Catholic, Protestant and Sectarian communities and the medieval/early modern divide"--
Discipline and diversity : papers read at the 2005 summer meeting and the 2006 winter meeting of the Ecclesiastical History Society
So great a light, so great a smoke : the Beguin heretics of Languedoc
Hunted heretic : the life and death of Michael Servetus 1511-1553
Scourge and fire : Savoranola and renaissance Florence
In this work T. Scott Manor provides a new perspective on a common view, known as the 'Johannine Controversy', which maintains that the early church once tried to jettison the Gospel and Apocalypse of John as heretical forgeries. Primary evidence comes from Epiphanius of Salamis, who mentions a heretical group with such views, the Alogi. This along with with other evidence from sources including Irenaeus, Hippolytus, Origen, Eusebius, Photius, Dionysius bar Salibi, Ebed-Jesu and others has led to the conclusion that a certain Gaius of Rome led the Alogi in this anti-Johannine campaign. By carefully examining Epiphanius' account in relation to these other sources, Manor arrives at very different conclusions that question whether any such controversy ever existed at all.
A brief history of heresy
Gnosis : the nature and history of gnosticism
On the person of Christ : the christology of Emperor Justinian
Heterodoxy, Spinozism, and free thought in early-eighteenth-century Europe : studies on the Traité des trois imposteurs
Behind the scenes at Galileo's trial : including the first English translation of Melchior Inchofer's Tractatus syllepticus
Archetypal heresy : Arianism through the centuries
Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium, one of the major books on trinitarian theology of the 4th century, documents the exchange between Eunomius and the Cappadocian Father in the last episode of the so-called "Arian Crisis". The present volume is devoted to the third and last book of Contra Eunomium. It offers a fresh English translation with a running commentary in the form of ten studies by first-rank specialists. Seventeen shorter papers enlighten various aspects of Contra Eunomium and other writings of the same author. The contributions will be of interest for scholars of historical and systematical theology, philosophy, spirituality, rhetoric and the history of the Early Church.
The templar revelation : secret guardians of the true identity of Christ
Anonymi monophysitae Theosophia : an attempt to reconstruction
Justinian the Great : the emperor and saint
Jesus Wars reveals how official, orthodox teaching about Jesus was the product of political maneuvers by a handful of key characters in the fifth century. Jenkins argues that were it not for these controversies, the papacy as we know it would never have come into existence and that today's church could be teaching some-thing very different about Jesus. It is only an accident of history that one group of Roman emperors and militia-wielding bishops defeated another faction. --from publisher description.
"This volume presents an extended juxtaposition of Paul's thought with a wide selection of writings from the second century"--From publisher description.
The trial of the Templars
Bearing false witness? : an introduction to the Christian countercult
Prophecy
Texts and the repression of medieval heresy
The Inquisitor in the hat shop : inquisition, forbidden books, and unbelief in early modern Venice
"This book explains the construction and beliefs of the organized movements against the Roman Catholic Church and documents the individuals and their efforts in challenging papal infallibility, singular doctrine, and the Inquisition. It examines how heretics have never ceased to appear and reappear from ancient times into modern times"--Provided by publisher.
The pattern of Christian truth : A study in the relations between orthodoxy and heresy in the early Church
What is Gnosticism?
Jesus wars : how four patriarchs, three queens, and two emperors decided what Christians would believe for the next 1,500 years
Heterodoxy in late Imperial China
Heresy in medieval France : dualism in Aquitaine and the Agenais, 1000-1249
Brothers estranged : heresy, Christianity, and Jewish identity in late antiquity
Heretics and scholars in the high Middle Ages, 1000-1200
Enthusiasm : a chapter in the history of religion : with special reference to the XVII and XVIII centuries
Epiphanius' Alogi and the Johannine controversy : a reassessment of early ecclesial opposition to the Johannine Corpus
Heresy and authority in medieval Europe : documents in translation
The heresy of the free spirit in the later Middle Ages
The other God : dualist religions from antiquity to the Cathar heresy
Treachery
Heretics and heresies in the ancient church and in Eastern Christianity : studies in honour of Adelbert Davids
The early Christian Church was a chaos of contending beliefs. Some groups of Christians claimed that there was not one God but two or twelve or thirty. Some believed that the world had not been created by God but by a lesser, ignorant deity. Certain sects maintained that Jesus was human but not divine, while others said he was divine but not human. In Lost Christianities, Bart D. Ehrman offers a fascinating look at these early forms of Christianity and shows how they came to be suppressed, reformed, or forgotten. All of these groups insisted that they upheld the teachings of Jesus and his apostles, and they all possessed writings that bore out their claims, books reputedly produced by Jesus's own followers. Modern archaeological work has recovered a number of key texts, and as Ehrman shows, these spectacular discoveries reveal religious diversity that says much about the ways in which history gets written by the winners. Ehrman's discussion ranges from considerations of various "lost scriptures"--including forged gospels supposedly written by Simon Peter, Jesus's closest disciple, and Judas Thomas, Jesus's alleged twin brother--to the disparate beliefs of such groups as the Jewish-Christian Ebionites, the anti-Jewish Marcionites, and various "Gnostic" sects. Ehrman examines in depth the battles that raged between "proto-orthodox Christians"-- those who eventually compiled the canonical books of the New Testament and standardized Christian belief--and the groups they denounced as heretics and ultimately overcame. Scrupulously researched and lucidly written, Lost Christianities is an eye-opening account of politics, power, and the clash of ideas among Christians in the decades before one group came to see its views prevail.
Kent heresy proceedings 1511-12
Contesting orthodoxy in medieval and early modern Europe : heresy, magic and witchcraft
The holy blood and the holy Grail
Processus Bernardi Delitiosi : the trial of Fr. Bernard Dâelicieux, 3 September-8 December 1319
Religion, power, and resistance from the eleventh to the sixteenth centuries : playing the heresy card
Heresy in the Roman Catholic Church : a history
Heresy, philosophy and religion in the medieval West
Poet, hagiographer, dogmatician, homilist, and liturgist, Sophronius was a well-traveled monastic with close ties to Rome and an unrivalled knowledge of the workings of the anti-Chalcedonian churches, revealed in his Synodical letter. He despatched this epistle to other church leaders when, at an advanced age, he became patriarch of Jerusalem in AD 634. The letter was read at the Sixth Ecumenical Council in 680/1, and provided the only sustained rebuttal of the monoergist doctrine, later used by eastern emperors and church leaders as a political strategy to unite Christians in the early Byzantine empire. Pauline Allen provides the first complete annotated translation of the letter in English along with other translated documents of the time which illustrate the progress of the debate and its political and ecclesiastical repercussions in the first half of the seventh century.
The wandering heretics of Languedoc
Heresy and literacy, 1000-1530
Simon Magus in patristic, medieval, and early modern traditions
The name of the rose
Heresy and heretics in the thirteenth century : the textual representations
St Paul and the church of the gentiles
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 2, The eighteenth century
Heterodoxy in early modern science and religion
Treacherous faith : the specter of heresy in early modern English literature and culture
Fake prophecy and polluted sacraments : ecclesiastical and imperial reactions to Montanism
Jesus in the Manichaean writings
Protestant nonconformist texts. Volume 1, 1550 to 1700
Gregory of Nyssa : Contra Eunomium III : an English translation with commentary and supporting studies : proceedings of the 12th International Colloquium on Gregory of Nyssa (Leuven, 14-17 September 2010)
Frontiers of faith : the Christian encounter with Manichaeism in the Acts of Archelaus
The construction of orthodoxy and heresy : Neo-Confucian, Islamic, Jewish, and early Christian patterns
Formula and context : studies in early Christian thought
Jesus and the origins of the Gentile mission
Massacre at Montségur : history of the Albigensian crusade
Ritual, myth and magic in early modern Europe
In 'The constancy and development of the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus' Vasilije Vranic offers an assessment of the involvement of Theodoret of Cyrrhus in the Nestorian and Miaphysite controversies of the fifth century. Theodoret's Christological language and concepts are examined in their historical contexts. The study is based on the comparison between the early period of Theodoret's Christological output (Expositio rectae fidei and Refutation of the Twelve Anathemas) and his mature period (Eranistes). Theodoret's Christology is ultimately vindicated and his position as a credible theologian who anticipated the definition of the Council of Chalcedon (AD 451) is assured, while proposing that challenges to the consistency of his Christology ought to be reconsidered.
The awakener of sleeping men : inquisitor Petrus Zwicker, the Waldenses, and the retheologisation of heresy in late medieval Germany
Jews and heretics in Catholic Poland : a beleaguered church in the post-Reformation era
Visions of Christ : the anthropomorphite controversy of 399 CE
The school of heretics : academic condemnation at the University of Oxford, 1277-1409
The right to heresy : Castellio against Calvin
Selected writings of Girolamo Savonarola : religion and politics, 1490-1498
Gregory of Nyssa : Contra Eunomium II : an English version with supporting studies : proceedings of the 10th International Colloquium on Gregory of Nyssa (Olomouc, September 15-18, 2004)
The caliph and the heretic : Ibn Sabaʻ and the origins of Shiʻism
The early Christian world. Volume 2
Histories of heresy in early modern Europe : for, against, and beyond persecution and toleration
Theological Milton : deity, discourse and heresy in the Miltonic canon
The mirror of simple souls
Faith and fire : popular and unpopular religion 1350-1600
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Medieval heresy : popular movements from the Gregorian reform to the Reformation
Medieval heresy : popular movements from Bogomil to Hus
The first critical text of the Life since 1888, this edition also provides a lucid English translation, extensive annotation, and a major introduction that demonstrates the third-century provenance of the work. The book discusses parallels with Philostratus and Eunapius, sets the work in the context of a Christianity troubled by Montanists and Marcionites, and discusses the liturgical life of third-century Smyrna.
Radical religion from Shakespeare to Milton : figures of nonconformity in early modern England
Among the gentiles : Greco-Roman religion and Christianity
Arius : heresy and tradition
In mid-thirteenth century Provence, Dolssa de Stigata is a fervently religious girl who feels the call to preach, condemned by the Inquisition as an "unnatural woman," and hunted by the Dominican Friar Lucien who fears a resurgence of the Albigensian heresy; Botille is a matchmaker trying to protect her sisters from being branded as gypsies or witches--but when she finds the hunted Dolssa dying on a hillside, she feels compelled to protect her, a decision that may cost her everything.
Crusade, heresy, and inquisition in the lands of the Crown of Aragon (c. 1167-1276)
Heretics for armchair theologians
Lollardy and the gentry in the later Middle Ages
The trial of Joan of Arc
Orthodoxy and heresy in earliest Christianity
Heretics : the other side of early Christianity
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. P. 1, Books, Vol. 26, Answer to the Pelagians, IV : To the monks of Hadrumetum and Provence
Heresy trials and English women writers, 1400-1670
The Cathars and the Albigensian Crusade : a sourcebook
The war on heresy
The debate on the Trial of the Templars, 1307-1314
Gender and heresy : women and men in Lollard communities, 1420-1530
Pedagogy, intellectuals, and dissent in the later Middle Ages : Lollardy and ideas of learning
The suffering of the impassible God : the dialectics of patristic thought
The constancy and development in the Christology of Theodoret of Cyrrhus
The letters of Baron Friedrich von Hügel and Maude D. Petre : the modernist movement in England
Ockham and political discourse in the late Middle Ages
The arch-heretic Marcion
First Published in 1977, this history of the great heretical movements of the middle ages provides a vivid account of the dark, often secret, world of dissent and protest against the medieval churches of Rome and Byzantium. Malcolm Lambert examines the origins and nature of these heresies, and looks at how medieval churchmen grappled with deviation, sometimes by preaching and argument, more often by armed force, imprisonment and the stake. The third edition retains the shape and time-scale of the previous editions, but assesses a new mood of scepticism among historians about the accuracy of accusations of heresy in the 11th and 12th centuries. It gives fresh insight into the inquisitional process, and the rise and fall of Catholicism, and offers a new account of the moving dialogue between Bishop Fournier and the Waldensian Deacon, Raymond de Sainte Foy, and of research on urban Waldensianism. In addition, the author surveys the continuing flow of work on English Lollardy. These revisions enable both those who are familiar with the book and new readers to stay in touch with the most recent research on heretical movements.
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
Irenaeus of Lyons
The emergence of formative Judaism has traditionally been examined in light of a theological preoccupation with the two competing religious movements, 'Christianity' and 'Judaism' in the first centuries of the Common Era. In this book Ariel Schremer attempts to shift the scholarly consensus away from this paradigm, instead privileging the rabbinic attitude toward Rome, the destroyer of the temple in 70 C.E., over their concern with the nascent Christian movement. The palpable rabbinic political enmity toward Rome, says Schremer, was determinative in the emerging construction of Jewish self-identity. He asserts that the category of heresy took on a new urgency in the wake of the trauma of the Temple's destruction, which demanded the construction of a new self-identity. Relying on the late 20th-century scholarly depiction of the slow and measured growth of Christianity in the empire up until and even after Constantine's conversion, Schremer minimizes the extent to which the rabbis paid attention to the Christian presence. He goes on, however, to pinpoint the parting of the ways between the rabbis and the Christians in the first third of the second century, when Christians were finally assigned to the category of heretics.
Christian orthodoxy
Great heresies and church councils
Manichaeism in the later Roman empire and medieval China
Olivi and the interpretation of Matthew in the high Middle Ages
The chronicle of William of Puylaurens : the Albigensian crusade and its aftermath
Heresy proceedings in Languedoc, 1500-1560
Contra Marcellum : Marcellus of Ancyra and fourth-century theology
Sophronius of Jerusalem and seventh-century heresy : the Synodical letter and other documents
The Waldensian dissent : persecution and survival, c. 1170-c. 1570
The life of Polycarp : an anonymous vita from third-century Smyrna
Lollardy and orthodox religion in pre-Reformation England : reconstructing piety
Clement of Alexandria on trial : the evidence of "heresy" from Photius' Bibliotheca
Heresy : a history of defending the truth
The cheese and the worms : the cosmos of a sixteenth-century miller
Polemical encounters : esoteric discourse and its others
A history of medieval heresy and inquisition
Defining heresy : inquisition, theology, and papal policy in the time of Jacques Fournier
This first edition of the third recension of the Life of Maximus the Confessor with full critical apparatus is accompanied by a lucid English translation. A major introduction to the text records the opposition of the Greek monk Maximus (580-662 CE) to the monothelite controversy, and outlines the surviving sources for the Life of Maximus, its historical background, and the relationship between the three versions of the Greek life. The volume will be of historical and theological interest to scholars and students of Byzantium in the seventh century.
Rethinking "Gnosticism" : an argument for dismantling a dubious category
