http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15473 theory of series
theory of series
Quantitative investment analysis
The present volume develops the theory of integration in Banach spaces, martingales and UMD spaces, and culminates in a treatment of the Hilbert transform, Littlewood-Paley theory and the vector-valued Mihlin multiplier theorem. Over the past fifteen years, motivated by regularity problems in evolution equations, there has been tremendous progress in the analysis of Banach space-valued functions and processes. The contents of this extensive and powerful toolbox have been mostly scattered around in research papers and lecture notes. Collecting this diverse body of material into a unified and accessible presentation fills a gap in the existing literature. The principal audience that we have in mind consists of researchers who need and use Analysis in Banach Spaces as a tool for studying problems in partial differential equations, harmonic analysis, and stochastic analysis. Self-contained and offering complete proofs, this work is accessible to graduate students and researchers with a background in functional analysis or related areas.
Exercises for Fourier analysis
The pleasures of pi, e and other interesting numbers
The French comics theory reader
Bayesian forecasting and dynamic models
Time series analysis : forecasting and control
Testing nonlinear dynamics, long memory and chaotic behaviour with macroeconomic data
Calculus of one variable
Advanced engineering mathematics
Eighteenth-century music in theory and practice : essays in honor of Alfred Mann
The form of music
The state within
Narratives in popular culture, media, and everyday life
Narrative and genre : key concepts in media studies
Business cycles : theories, evidence and analysis : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association, Copehagen, Denmark
Discrete mathematics demystified
Nonlinear times series : theory, methods and applications with R examples
Stochastic processes and calculus : an elementary introduction with applications
Chaos and time-series analysis
Nonlinear dynamics in human behaviour
Analysis of observed chaotic data
Bayesian analysis in economic theory and time series analysis : the 1977 Savage dissertation award theses
The shifting definitions of genre : essays on labeling films, television shows and media
House : the wounded healer on television : Jungian and post-Jungian reflections
Essays in nonlinear time series econometrics
Quantitative methods for accounting and business studies
Chaos theory, Asimov's foundations and robots, and Herbert's Dune : the fractal aesthetic of epic science fiction
Conspiracy theories and The X-files : the character of the cigarett-smoking-man as an embodiment of millenarian paranoia
Mathematical methods for physicists
Star Wars psychology : dark side of the mind
"This book presents a collection of key theoretical texts on comics, spanning a period from the 1960s to the 2010s, written in French and never before translated into English. The publication brings a distinctive set of authors together uniting theoretical scholars, artists, journalists, and comics critics. Readers will gain access to important debates that have taken place among major French-language comics scholars, including Thierry Groensteen, Benoît Peeters, Jan Baetens, and Pierre Fresnault-Deruelle, over the past fifty years. The collection covers a broad range of approaches to the medium, including historical, formal, sociological, philosophical, and psychoanalytic. A general introduction provides an overall context, and, in addition, each of the five thematic sections is prefaced by a brief summary of each text and an explanation of how they have influenced later work. The translations are faithful to the originals while reading clearly in English, and, where necessary, cultural references are clarified."--Provided by publisher.
"This text provides the fundamental concepts and techniques of real analysis for students in all of these areas. It helps one develop the ability to think deductively, analyse mathematical situations and extend ideas to a new context. Like the first three editions, this edition maintains the same spirit and user-friendly approach with addition examples and expansion on Logical Operations and Set Theory. There is also content revision in the following areas: introducing point-set topology before discussing continuity, including a more thorough discussion of limsup and limimf, covering series directly following sequences, adding coverage of Lebesgue Integral and the construction of the reals, and drawing student attention to possible applications wherever possible".
The advanced calculus problem solver
"Histories of science fiction often discuss Fritz Lang's Metropolis as a classic text within the genre--yet the term "science fiction" had not been invented at the time of the film's release. Does retroactive assignment to a genre change our understanding of a film? These provocative questions are at the heart of this book"--
Topics in nonlinear time series analysis : with implications for EEG analysis
Chaos and nonlinear dynamics : evidence from Finland
Finite mathematics : theory and problems : SI (metric) edition
Multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations
The advanced theory of statistics [3]. Vol. 3, Design and analysis, and time-series
Outline of Fourier analysis including problems with step-by-step solutions
The primacy of words over images has deep roots in Western culture. But what if the two are inextricably linked, equal partners in meaning-making? Written and drawn entirely as comics, Unflattening is an experiment in visual thinking. Nick Sousanis defies conventional forms of scholarly discourse to offer readers both a stunning work of graphic art and a serious inquiry into the ways humans construct knowledge. Unflattening is an insurrection against the fixed viewpoint. Weaving together diverse ways of seeing drawn from science, philosophy, art, literature, and mythology, it uses the collage-like capacity of comics to show that perception is always an active process of incorporating and reevaluating different vantage points. While its vibrant, constantly morphing images occasionally serve as illustrations of text, they more often connect in nonlinear fashion to other visual references throughout the book. They become allusions, allegories, and motifs, pitting realism against abstraction and making us aware that more meets the eye than is presented on the page. In its graphic innovations and restless shape-shifting, Unflattening is meant to counteract the type of narrow, rigid thinking that Sousanis calls "flatness". Just as the two-dimensional inhabitants of Edwin A. Abbott's novella Flatland could not fathom the concept of "upwards", Sousanis says, we are often unable to see past the boundaries of our current frame of mind. Fusing words and images to produce new forms of knowledge, Unflattening teaches us how to access modes of understanding beyond what we normally apprehend.
Forecasting sunspot numbers with neural networks
"This text emphasizes nonlinear models for a course in time series analysis. After introducing stochastic processes, Markov chains, Poisson processes, and ARMA models, the authors cover functional autoregressive, ARCH, threshold AR, and discrete time series models as well as several complementary approaches. They discuss the main limit theorems for Markov chains, useful inequalities, statistical techniques to infer model parameters, and GLMs. Moving on to HMM models, the book examines filtering and smoothing, parametric and nonparametric inference, advanced particle filtering, and numerical methods for inference"--
Business statistics elements and applications
Analysis in Banach spaces. Volume I, Martingales and Littlewood-Paley theory
Principia mathematica
Introduction to real analysis
Real analysis
Spatial time series : analysis, forecasting, control
Student solutions manual to accompany [for] CALCULUS
Aggregation of micro forecasts
Statistics
Fourier analysis
The untimely-image : on contours of the new in political film-thinking
Business mathematics & statistics
R&D-Based Endogenous Growth in Finland : A Comparative Study on the Semi-Endogenous and the Schumpeterian Growth Models
Singular integrals and rectifiability of measures in the plane
Quantitative methods for business
Construction of FTAs in the fictional world of Gilmore Girls
Basic real analysis
Testing nonlinear dynamics, long memory and chaotic behaviour with financial and nonfinancial data
Chaos in real data : the analysis of non-linear dynamics from short ecological time series
Essentials of integration theory for analysis
Theory and applications of infinite series
This textbook gives a comprehensive introduction to stochastic processes and calculus in the fields of finance and economics, more specifically mathematical finance and time series econometrics. Over the past decades stochastic calculus and processes have gained great importance, because they play a decisive role in the modeling of financial markets and as a basis for modern time series econometrics. Mathematical theory is applied to solve stochastic differential equations and to derive limiting results for statistical inference on nonstationary processes. This introduction is elementary and rigorous at the same time. On the one hand it gives a basic and illustrative presentation of the relevant topics without using many technical derivations. On the other hand many of the procedures are presented at a technically advanced level: for a thorough understanding, they are to be proven. In order to meet both requirements jointly, the present book is equipped with a lot of challenging problems at the end of each chapter as well as with the corresponding detailed solutions. Thus the virtual text - augmented with more than 60 basic examples and 40 illustrative figures - is rather easy to read while a part of the technical arguments is transferred to the exercise problems and their solutions
Imaginative, immersive and interactive engagements : the rhetoric of worldbuilding in contemporary speculative fiction
Nonlinear dynamics, chaos, and instability : statistical theory and economic evidence
Special issue : aesthetics and popular culture
Characters as manifestations of stereotypes in the situation comedy Frasier
The arguments of time
The art of the infinite : the pleasures of mathematics
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
The world within : feeling, cognition and communication in the translation of Planet Earth
Automatic sequences : theory, applications, generalizations
Palgrave handbook of econometrics. Vol. 1, Econometric theory
Calculus : early transcendentals
Game of thrones : psychology : the mind is dark and full of terrors
Simulation of dynamic systems with MATLAB and Simulink
(n, 2)-sets have full Hausdorff dimension
