http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15432 reliefs
reliefs
Dance images in temples of mainland Southeast Asia
Iglu, kimono & temppeli : savi kaupungissa = Keramik i stan = Clay in the city
Printmaking : a complete guide to materials & processes
The twelve labours of Hercules on Roman sarcophagi
The Column of Marcus Aurelius : the genesis and meaning of a Roman imperial monument
Tara Hamling examines decorative features from historic houses throughout England and Scotland and identifies a significant but overlooked trend in the history of British art. She reveals a widespread fashion for large-scale religious imagery in houses owned by the gentry and prosperous middle classes during the period 1560-1660 which is interpreted in relation to life in the 'godly' household. The book is copiously illustrated with narrative imagery in wall painting, plasterwork, carved wood and stone and a range of objects including furniture, textiles and ceramics. The character of this 'decorative' art is explored in relation to the functions of rooms in the early modern domestic interior with a focus on how religious imagery might inform and support spiritual activities taking place within the home. The visual evidence throughout the book is supported by extracts from contemporary texts to elucidate the meanings of imagery for its original audience.
Children in the hellenistic world : statues and representation
The origins of Roman historical commemoration in the visual arts
The Elgin marbles
Prayers in stone : Greek architectural sculpture ca. 600-100 B.C.E
ART OF ANCIENT GREECE / SCULPTURE, PAINTING, ARCHITECTURE
The column of Antoninus Pius
1000 sculptures of genius
The temple of Devi-Kothi : wall paintings and wooden reliefs in a Himalayan shrine of the great goddess in the Churah Region of the Chamba District, Himachal Pradash, India
Puumorsian = Wooden bride
Depth of field : relief sculpture in Renaissance Italy
Ex voto : votive giving across cultures
Profane images in marginal arts of the Middle Ages
"The colonisation of the world by European powers led to the production of a wealth of images of the colonised cultures and peoples. Images of North American Indians play an important role in our visual culture. This publication illuminates how they are represented, as well as their political and historico-cultural background, based on the so-called 'Indian Museum' of the Dresden sculptor Ferdinand Pettrich (1798-1872). In the 1830s, Pettrich travelled to Washington and portrayed representatives of Indian tribes in 33 reliefs, statues, busts, and bozzetti made of terracotta-coloured plaster. These tribes were negotiating treaties with the US government about the future usage of the land. The portraits were created during a decisive phase of national history, when the US government's policy towards the Native Americans was becoming increasingly hostile and the young nation was striving for further expansion and a national identity, while the native inhabitants were fighting for their physical and cultural survival. Pettrich's oeuvre is an early example of the recurring motif of North American Indians in European and Euro-American art. The classically-influenced forms of these representations, the influence of the simultaneously emerging 'Indian painting', as well as the lasting fascination of the subject of 'Indians' are presented here, along with the political context of the era the works were created in."--Publisher's website.
Homer in stone : the Tabulae Iliacae in their Roman context
Studies in Roman imperial art : with special reference to the state reliefs of the second century
"Peopled" scrolls in Roman architectural decoration in Israel : the Roman Theatre at Beth Shean, Scythopolis
Portals, pilgrimage, and crusade in western Tuscany
Printmaking : a contemporary perspective
The Buddhist architecture of Gandhara
The gendered language of warfare in the Israelite-Assyrian encounter
The decoration scheme of the Ateneum : the unity and harmony of the arts as the road to the ascendancy of Finnish art
Bilder i marginalen : nordiska studier i medeltidens konst = Images in the margins : Nordic studies in medieval art
Arts of Africa : 7000 years of African art
Iskusstvo Dagestana : reznye kamni = The Art of Daghestan : Caryed stones
Egyptian wall painting
Children in the visual arts of imperial Rome
The art of Gandhara in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Stylistics of Buddhist art in India
The palace of Sargon, king of Assyria : monumental wall reliefs at Dur-Sharrukin, from original drawings made at the time of their discovery in 1843-1844 by Botta and Flandin = Le Palais de Sargon d'Assyrie
Composition of Some narrative reliefs from Khorsabad
Kan B'ahlam and the Maize God : picture program of a classic Maya Ruler
The artists of the Ara Pacis : the process of hellenization in Roman relief sculpture
The Façade Reliefs of Orvieto Cathedral
Sculpting the human figure
The conflict of Horus and Seth : from Egyptian and classical sources : a study in ancient mythology
Islamic art
The Ara Pacis Augustae and the imagery of abundance in later Greek and early Roman imperial art
Columna lui Traian : arhitectura de pe friza sculptată = Trajan's Column : the architecture on the sculpted frieze
Hybrid prints : to infinity and beyond
Metal embossing workshop
Studies on Old Kingdom reliefs and sculpture in the Hermitage
A catalog of late Egyptian and Coptic sculptures
The Parthenon
Corinth : results of excavations conducted by the American School of Classical Studies at Athens. Vol. 9, Part 2, Sculpture : the reliefs from the theater
Manzù's doors for the tower of the great or St. Lawrence's church in Rotterdam
Typology & structure of Roman historical reliefs
The complete manual of relief printmaking
The Parthenon frieze
Sculpture. 2, The great art of the Middle Ages from the fifth century to the fifteenth century
Decorating the 'godly' household : religious art in post-reformation Britain
Pictoral symbols of the temple of justice : heritage of legal enlightenment of King Gustav III, founder of the Vaasa court of appeals / Virpi Harju
Wildlife carving in relief : Carving techniques and patterns
Summaries in English.
Gothic sculpture 1140-1300
A Mediterranean seascape from Khorsabad
In this volume, Bobou offers a systematic analysis of ancient Greek statues of children from the sanctuaries, houses, and necropoleis of the Hellenistic world in order to understand their function and meaning. Comparing images of children in reliefs, terracotta figurines, and marble statutes, she shows that children and childhood became more prominent in the visual material record from the late fifth century BC, a time during which children became a matter of parental and state concern. Looking at the literary and epigraphical evidence, Bobou argues that statues of children were important for transmitting civic values to future citizens, serving as paradigms of behaviour and standing testament to the strength and future of a community. Created by adults, the statues reveal much about adult ideology and values during this period, and the expectations and hopes placed on children. The combination of iconographic studies and examination of the original locations in which statues were placed highlights the importance of children in Hellenistic society as well as their connection with specific areas of civic and social life.
Last of the great masters? : woodcarving traditions in Myanmar : past and present
Prunella Clough : unseen reliefs, drawings and prints : Annely Juda Fine Art, London, 18 September - 16 October 2003 / [text: Ian Barker]
The art of the Romans
Manuel Neri : the figure in relief : [Grounds For Sculpture, Hamilton, October 7, 2006 - April 29, 2007] / [edited by Lorna Price and Diane Roby ; text by Bruce Nixon]
Modern printmaking : a guide to traditional and digital techniques
Soft stone carving
Acquarossa : results of excavations conducted by the Swedish institute of classical studies at Rome and the Soprintendenza alle antichità dell'Etruria meridionale. Vol. 5, The head antefixes and relief plaques, pt. 1 : A reconstruction of a terracotta decoration and its architectural setting
Glories of Khajuraho : a description of the unique art and architecture of some of the magnificent temples of medieval India
Iskusstvo Dagestana : reznye kamni = The Art of Daghestan : caryed Stones
Useful techniques for woodcarvers : best from woodcarving magazine
The marble reliefs from the Julio-Claudian Sebasteion
India : five thousand years of Indian art
Practical printmaking
Aphrodisias : results of the excavations at Aphrodisias in Caria. 1, The monument of C. Julius Zoilos
Chip carving workshop : more than 200 ready-to-use designs
Kain Tapper : Sara Hildénin taidemuseo 22.9.2001-13.1.2002 = Kain Tapper : Sara Hildén Art Museum 22.9.2001-13.1.2002
Print making : traditional and contemporary techniques
Reliefs from the palace of Ashurnasirpal II
Ben Nicholson : drawings, paintings and reliefs 1911-1968
Hellenistic relief ware
Trajan's Column : a new edition of the Cichorius plates
Terra-cotta skyline : New York's architectural ornament
"A fully illustrated instructional printmaking book presenting step-by-step examples alongside representative works from thirty top contemporary printmaking artists.  Printmaking is flourishing in the digital age, appealing to both "traditional" artists as well as those interested in graphic design and digital technique. This all-in-one guide to printmaking technique is a complete technical and inspirational book on the history and contemporary processes for relief, intaglio, lithography, serigraphy, mixed media/transfers, and post digital graphics, with extended profiles of a wide range of contemporary printmakers. Featuring instruction, interviews, example images, and philosophy, this beautiful book provides a truly modern look at printmaking today, in all its forms"--
Tecumseh, Keokuk, Black Hawk : Indianerbildnisse in Zeiten von Verträgen und Vertreibung : Sonderausstellung der Staatlichen Ethnographischen Sammlungen Sachsen im Albertinum Dresden, 1. Oktober 2013 bis 2. März 2014 = Portrayals of Native Americans in times of treaties and removal : exhibition of the Staatliche Ethnographische Sammlungen Sachsen in the Albertinum Dresden, October 1, 2013 to March 2, 2014
Attic document reliefs : art and politics in ancient Athens
Myth, meaning, and memory on Roman sarcophagi
Printmaking : history and process
Lilli Stenius : echoes of silence / edited by Timo Keinänen and Elisabeth Mladenov
Corpus of medieval misericords : Belgium (B) - Netherlands (NL)
"The Tabulae Iliacae are a group of carved stone plaques created in the context of early Imperial Rome that use miniature images and text to retell stories from Greek myth and history - chief among them Homer's Iliad and the fall of Troy. In this book, Professor Petrain moves beyond the narrow focus on the literary and iconographic sources of the Tabulae that has characterized earlier scholarship. Drawing on ancient and modern theories of narrative, he explores instead how the tablets transfer the Troy saga across both medium and culture as they create a system of visual storytelling that relies on the values and viewing habits of Roman viewers. The book comprehensively situates the tablets in the urban fabric of Augustan Rome. New photographs of the tablets, together with re-editions and translations of key inscriptions, offer a new, clearer view of these remarkable documents of the Roman appropriation of Greek epic"--
Optical corrections in the sculpture of Donatello
The column
The ceilings in the temples of Gujarat
The Festival procession of Opet in the colonnade hall
Lilli Stenius : echoes of silence
