http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15409 canon law
canon law
The purely penal law theory in the Spanish theologians from Vitoria to Suárez
Ritual, text, and law : studies in medieval canon law and liturgy presented to Roger E. Reynolds
Proceedings of the thirteenth International Congress of Medieval Canon Law, Esztergom, 3-8 August 2008
Law and religion : the legal teachings of the Protestant and Catholic Reformations
Medieval church law and the origins of the Western legal tradition : a tribute to Kenneth Pennington
Law and practice in the age of reform : the legatine work of Hugh of Die (1073-1106)
Canon law in the age of reform, 11th-12th centuries
The history of medieval canon law in the classical period, 1140-1234 : from Gratian to the decretals of Pope Gregory IX
Canon law and Episcopal authority : the canons of Antioch and Serdica
Proceedings of the twelfth International congress of medieval canon law, Washington, D. C. 1-7 August 2004
Jurisprudence in the Middle Ages
F. W. Maitland
The Canon law digest : officially published documents affecting the code of Canon law. 2, 1933-1942
Law and legality in the Greek East : the Byzantine canonical tradition, 381-883
The Canon law digest : officially published documents affecting the code of Canon law. 1, 1917-1933
The individualization of crime in medieval canon law
Canon law and the letters of Ivo of Chartres
Clerics in the early Middle Ages : hierarchy and image
Orthodox canon law : a casebook for study
Proceedings of the eleventh International Congress of Medieval Canon Law, Catania, 30 July-6 August 2000
The most thorough examination to date of the landmark decree that mandated strict enclosure of all nuns. Pope Boniface VIII published a decree in 1298 that transformed long-standing attitudes toward nuns into universal Church law. Referred to as Periculoso, the decree announced that all nuns were to be perpetually cloistered. This volume provides an in-depth study of the watershed legislation. Elizabeth Makowski surveys precedents for Periculoso as well as some of the problems Boniface VIII hoped to solve with his ruling. She further analyzes the commentary on Periculoso and the attempts to enforce the legislation.
Orthodox Canon Law reference book
Inquisitions and other trial procedures in the medieval west
The treatise on laws : (Decretum DD. 1-20)
Guide for a church under Islām : the sixty-six canonical questions attributed to Theodōros Balsamōn : a translation of the Ecumenical Patriarchate's twelfth-century guidance to the Patriarchate of Alexandria
Medieval councils, decretals, and collections of canon law : selected essays
A sip from the "well of grace" : medieval texts from the apostolic penitentiary
Common law marriage : a legal institution for cohabitation
Spiritual dimensions of the holy canons
New commentary on the Code of Canon Law : commisioned by the Canon Law Society of America
In the aftermath of Vatican II, questions concerning due process were not among the main issues debated in canon law. Other topics dominated, including participation, the status of lay people, collegiality. Marriage was a covenant, not a contract. The Church was a community, not an institution. A plea for a more prominent role of canon law was perceived as a lack of true pastoral spirit. Theologians often argued that the Church had to offer more than just law, while it used to be less. Today, the situation changed, though not completely, and at times with a lot of reluctance. This book offers various contributions on due process: the functioning of the Apostolic Signatura and other tribunals within the Roman Catholic Church; an historical overview of due process, covering the evolution over many centuries; the Anglican ideas, norms and traditions; the Reformed perspective. A final address by professor Rik Torfs contributes to the scientific development of church law, and offers practical suggestions to the ecclesial world. --From the Introduction.
The Collectio canonum Casinensis duodecimi seculi (Codex terscriptus) : a derivative of the South-Italian Collection in five books
Readers, texts, and compilers in the earlier Middle Ages : studies in medieval canon law in honour of Linda Fowler-Magerl
Clavis Canonum : selected canon law collections before 1140 : access with data processing
Studies in canon law and common law in honor of R. H. Helmholz
Marriage as the arena of salvation : an ecclesiological study of the marital regulation in the canons of the Council in Trullo
Rome and the city of God : an essay on the constitutional relationships of empire and church in the fourth century
Decently and in order : a theological reflection on the order for, and the order in, the church
The possession at Loudun
Procès de canonisation au Moyen Âge : aspects juridiques et religieux = Medieval canonization processes : legal and religious aspects
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 2, 900-1050
"One of family law's greatest challenges within the 21st Century is facing the decreased rate of marriages and the increased number of unmarried co-habiting couples. All over the world, lawmakers and courts have met this challenge with different legal solutions. Currently, eleven American jurisdictions recognize the doctrine of common law marriage, but for other jurisdictions have abolished the doctrine within the last fifteen years. Common Law Marriage presents a thorough legal history of common law marriage, from its origins to current law and possible future developments in law. Dr. Gvran Lind researches current law by analyzing American cases, discussing the legal requirements for the establishment of a common law marriage, as to capacity, contract, implied agreement, cohabitation, holding out, and burdens of proof." "As Lind points out, due to the choice of law principles, courts all over the United States must decide on common law marriages on a case-by-case basis. As long as couples move from one state to another, individual state courts in the United States must apply the doctrine of common law marriage and decide if such a marriage has been established when a couple has lived in, or visited, a common law marriage state. Common Law Marriage provides an avid look at the level of expertise regarding the doctrine of common law marriage and expresses the evident need for guidance concerning it."--BOOK JACKET.
Monuments of endlesse labours : English canonists and their work, 1300-1900
The early development of Canon law and the Council of Serdica
Law and revolution : the formation of the western legal tradition
Christian law : contemporary principles
The common legal past of Europe : 1000-1800
Power over the body, equality in the family : rights and domestic relations in medieval canon law
The Penitentiary as a Well of Grace in the Late Middle Ages : the example of the province of Uppsala 1448-1527
Judicial tribunals in England and Europe 1200-1700
The 1917 or Pio-Benedictine Code of Canon Law : in English translation with extensive scholarly apparatus
Law and Learning in the Middle Ages : Proceedings of the Second Carlsberg Academy Conference on Medieval Legal History 2005.
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 4, 1200-1350
Collectio Toletana : a canon law derivative of the South-Italian Collection in five books : an implicit edition with introductory study
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 1. 600-900
Byzantine church law remains terra incognita to most scholars in the western academy. In this work, David Wagschal provides a fresh examination of this neglected but fascinating world. Confronting the traditional narratives of decline and primitivism that have long discouraged study of the subject, Wagschal argues that a close reading of the central monuments of Byzantine canon law c. 381-883 reveals a much more sophisticated and coherent legal culture than is generally assumed. Engaging in innovative examinations of the physical shape and growth of the canonical corpus, the content of the canonical prologues, the discursive strategies of the canons, and the nature of the earliest forays into systematization, Wagschal invites his readers to reassess their own legal-cultural assumptions as he advances an innovative methodology for understanding this ancient law. Law and Legality in the Greek East explores topics such as compilation, jurisprudence, professionalization, definitions of law, the language of the canons, and the relationship between the civil and ecclesiastical laws. It challenges conventional assumptions about Byzantine law while suggesting many new avenues of research in both late antique and early medieval law, secular and ecclesiastical.
The history of Byzantine and Eastern canon law to 1500
Shaping church law around the year 1000 : the Decretum of Burchard of Worms
The rudder of the church : A study of the theory of canon law in the Pedalion
Canon law as ministry : freedom and good order for the church
Proceedings of the ninth International Congress of Medieval Canon Law, Munich, 13-18 July 1992
From sacrament to contract : marriage, religion, and law in the Western tradition
Zeger-Bernard van Espen at the crossroads of canon law, history, theology, and church-state relations
Clerical orders in the early Middle Ages : duties and ordination
Rethinking incest and heinous sexual crime: changing boundaries of secular and ecclesistical jurisdiction in late medieval Sweden
Marriage today : a commentary on the code of canon law ; in the light of Vatican II and the ecumenical age
European legal history : sources and institutions
The two husbands of Helleka Horn : interpreting the canon law of marriage in late medieval Sweden
On ecclesiastical jurisdiction and the reception of canon law in the Swedish provincial laws
The right to due process in the church : a comparative ecclesiastical approach
Law and liturgy in the Latin Church, 5th-12th centuries
Ivo of Chartres was one of the most learned scholars of his time, a powerful bishop and a major figure in the so-called 'Investiture Contest'. Christof Rolker here offers a major new study of Ivo, his works and the role he played in the intellectual, religious and political culture of medieval Europe around 1100 AD. Comparing Ivo's extensive correspondence to the contemporary canon law collections attributed to him, Dr Rolker provides a new interpretation of their authorship. Contrary to current assumptions, he reveals that Ivo did not compile the Panormia, showing that its compiler worked in a distinctly different mental framework from Ivo. These findings call for a reassessment of the relationship between Church reform and scholasticism and shed new light on Ivo as both a scholar and bishop.
Kanon : yearbook of the Society for the Law of the Eastern Churches = Kanon : annuaire de la société du droit des églises orientales = Kanon : Jahrbuch der Gesellschaft für das Recht der Ostkirchen. XV, Κανονικον δικαιον και οικουμενικα = Kirchenrecht und Ökumene = Canon law and ecumenism
Faith and law : juridical perspectives for the ecumenical movement
Proceedings of the tenth International Congress of Medieval Canon Law, Syracuse, New York, 13-18 August, 1996
Wulfstan's canon law collection
Law, sex and Christian society in medieval Europe
An overview of orthodox canon law
Literary legacies and canonical book collections: possession of canon law books in medieval Sweden
The parish in Catholic tradition : history, theology, and canon law
History of canon law
Between betrothal and bedding : the making of marriage in Sweden, ca. 1200-1610
Christian Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 3, 1050-1200
Two separate legal jurisdictions concerned with family relations held sway in England during the high middle ages: canon law and common law. In thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Europe, kinship rules dominated the lives of laymen and laywomen. They determined whom they might marry (decided in the canon law courts) and they determined from whom they might inherit (decided in the common law courts). This book seeks to uncover the association between the two, exploring the ways in which the two legal systems shared ideas about family relationship, where the one jurisdiction - the common law - was concerned about ties of consanguinity and where the other - canon law - was concerned to add to the kinship mix of affinity. It also demonstrates how the theories of kinship were practically applied in the courtrooms of medieval England.
An introduction to canon law
Ways of mercy : the prologue of Ivo of Chartres
Law and kinship in thirteenth-century England
Bishops, texts and the use of canon law around 1100 : essays in honour of Martin Brett
Appendix : acta pontificum Suecica. 2, Acta poenitentiare : Auctoritate papae : the church province of Uppsala and the apostolic penitentiary 1410-1526
Primacy and conciliarity : studies in the primacy of the see of Constantinople and the synodal structure of the Orthodox Church
This study of Burchard's "Decretum", a popular book of Catholic canon law compiled just after the year 1000, sheds new light on the development of law and theology long before the Gregorian Reform, normally considered as a watershed in the history of the Latin Church. Practical episcopal concerns and an appreciation of new scholarly methods led Burchard to be dissatisfied with the quality of contemporary jurisprudence and particularly with the teaching texts available to local bishops.Drawing upon new manuscript discoveries, the author shows how Burchard tried to create a new text that would address these problems. He carefully selected and compiled canons from earlier collections and then went on to tamper systematically with the texts he had chosen. By doing so, he created a book of church law that appeared to be based on indisputable authority, that was internally consistent and that was easy to apply through logical extrapolation to new cases. The present study thus provides a window into the development of legal and theological reasoning in the medieval West, and suggests that, thanks to the work of ambitious bishops, the flowering of law and theology began far earlier, and for different reasons, than scholars have heretofore supposed.
The changing profile of the natural law
Canon law and cloistered women : Periculoso and its commentators, 1298-1545
Canon law and the law of England
Popes, canonists and texts, 1150-1550
Revision of canon law
Nordic perspectives on medieval canon law
The profession and practice of medieval canon law
Canonical collections of the early Middle Ages (ca. 400-1140) : a bibliographical guide to the manuscripts and literature
Church and reform : bishops, theologians, and canon lawyers in the thought of Pierre d'Ailly (1351-1420)
The medieval theories of the just price; Romanists, canonists, and theologians in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
