http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15401 comedians
comedians
Booky wook 2 : this time it's personal
The Sunshine boys
Keeping quiet
Silent comedy
Chaplin : genesis of a clown
The possibility of an island
Murder, mayhem and music hall : the dark side of Victorian London
The essential Chaplin : perspectives on the life and art of the great comedian
I even funnier : a middle school story
Stand up & sock it to them sister : funny, feisty females
Back story : a memoir
I only roast the ones I love : how to bust balls without burning bridges
Stand-up : [the world's funniest quotes]
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Roseannearchy : dispatches from the nut farm
The Groucho letters : letters from and to Groucho Marx
The road to Mars : a post-modem novel
Why not me?
Into outer space with Lucia Pamela
Funny way to be a hero
Buster Keaton : tempest in a flat hat
I funny TV : a middle school story
Ladies and gentlemen - Lenny Bruce!!
Focus on Chaplin
I can barely take care of myself : tales from a happy life without kids
Stand-up comedy as a genre of verbal humour
A book for her
Born standing up : a comic's life
Furiously happy : a funny book about horrible things
Rant in E-minor
Charlie Chaplin and his times
Bearded tit
What the **** is normal?!
Diaries 1969-1979 : the Python years
Born a crime : and other stories
Keaton : the silent features close up
John Liston, comedian
The book of Joan : tales of mirth, mischief, and manipulation
Comedy incarnate : Buster Keaton, physical humor, and bodily coping
Why we suck : a feel good guide to staying fat, loud, lazy and stupid
Wired : the short life and fast times of John Belushi
Camp David : the autobiography
Angels can fly : a modern clown user guide
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
How to talk dirty and influence people : an autobiography
Charlie Chaplin
Harold Lloyd : the definitive collection. Disc 10, Bonus disc
The Jerusalem syndrome : my life as a reluctant messiah
Yes please
Once upon a time in the west ... country
More fool me : a memoir
How to do it standing up : The Friars club guide to being a comic, a cut-up a card, or a clown
The Spike Jones Story
Sick in the head : conversations about life and comedy
The 100 greatest silent film comedians
Classic album collection plus
The secret policeman's ball : Radio City Music Hall 4 March 2012
Conan O'Brien can't stop
The family that plays together... (gets on each other's nerves)
A comedian sees the world
It's the difference between surviving life and living life. It's the difference between taking a shower and teaching your monkey butler how to shampoo your hair. Jenny Lawson - aka The Bloggess - returns with the follow-up to her bestselling memoir Let's Pretend This Never Happened, recounting stories from everyday family life in her inimitably frank, hilarious, bizarre and endearing way. She describes her battles with depression and anxiety and her quest to overcome them by saying yes to even the absurdist opportunities and making the good times gloriously good. For as Jenny says: 'You can't experience pain without also experiencing the baffling and ridiculous moments of being fiercely, unapologetically, intensely and (above all) furiously happy...' It's a philosophy that has - quite literally - saved her life.
Yes Please
Looks like another brown trousers job
The rough guide to British cult comedy
Monty Python live!
The Marx Bros. scrapbook
The Groucho phile : an illustrated life
Nobody's fool : the lives of Danny Kaye
Easily distracted
The best stand-up and comedy routines
Charlie Chaplin spent February 1931 through June 1932 touring Europe, during which time he wrote a travel memoir. This memoir was published as a set of five articles in Women's Home Companion from September 1933 to January 1934. During his tour, Chaplin spent time with numerous politicians, celebrities, and world leaders, ranging from Winston Churchill and Mahatma Gandhi to Albert Einstein and many others, all of whom inspired his next feature films.
The Aristocrats
I totally funniest : a middle school story
The Tao of Bill Murray : real-life stories of joy, enlightenment, and party crashing
Art as spectacle : images of the entertainer since romanticism
Comedy stars at 78 RPM : biographies and discographies of 89 American and British recording artists, 1896-1946
Chaplin : genius of the cinema
Jamie Grimm has finally accomplished his dream of proving himself the Planet's Funniest Kid Comic, and the sky's the limit from there. Enter a couple of TV executives with a huge plan for Jamie: a new show about Jamie and his oddball friends!. / WorldCat.
Attempting normal
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Hope : entertainer of the century
Monty Python speaks : the complete oral history of Monty Python, as told by the founding members and a few of their many friends and collaborators
Paddle your own canoe : one man's fundamentals for delicious living
Rebellious jukebox : the pick of the month's best music
My early years
Harold Lloyd : the man on the clock
People love Bill Murray movies, but even more, they love crazy stories about Bill Murray out in the world. Bill reads poetry to construction workers. Bill joins in strangers' kickball games. Bill steals a golf cart in Stockholm. Bill follows the Roots - a hip hop band around. Bill pays a kid $5 to ride his bicycle into a swimming pool. The most popular Bill Murray story of all time (which he will neither confirm nor deny): on a crowded street, he puts his hands over a stranger's eyes from behind and says "Guess who?" When he lifts his hands to reveal his identity as Bill Murray, he tells the gobsmacked stranger, "No one will ever believe you." For No One Will Ever Believe You: The Tao of Bill Murray, bestselling author Gavin Edwards tracked down the best authentic Bill Murray stories. People savor these anecdotes; they consume them with a bottomless hunger; they routinely turn them into viral hits.
"Oh my God, that nigger said gun!" : use of ethnic humor in modern stand-up comedy
Bonkers : my life in laughs
The Tommy Cooper joke book
Draws on exclusive reporting to honor Bob Hope's top-rated successes while discussing such topics as his secret first marriage, stint in reform school and ambivalent relationships with fellow stars.
The films of Jacques Tati
Jeff Dunham : arguing with myself
The greedy bastard diary  : a comic tour of America
Sacha Baron Cohen : the unauthorised biography
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
Is everyone hanging out without me? (and other concerns)
Truths, half truths and little white lies
Harold Lloyd : the king of daredevil comedy
Funny Ladies : the women who make us laugh
Sleepwalk with me : and other painfully true stories
Stand-up : on being a comedian
The aristocrats
Fart and wiener jokes
I hate myselfie : a collection of essays
Bossypants
The comedy is finished
More fool me
eYE Marty : my life in words and pictures
