http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15465 language courses
language courses
Thai in a week
LingoPro. English
Thai on the go!
The Lost Temples of the Maya
In the English-speaking world : teacher's guide
Dutch for dummies
Living with a Volcano
English update. Course 6, Highlights
English update. Course 4, Highlights
Absolute beginner's business French
Language to go. Intermediate : students' book
Learn French. vol.1 : introduction to French
Hindi on the go!
Certificate in advanced english
Reading
English Unlimited is a six-level goals-based course for adults. Centred on purposeful, real-life objectives, it prepares learners to use English independently for global communication.
Start Mandarin Chinese
Legal English
The Life of a Geisha
English Unlimited . C1 : advanced coursebook with e-portfolio / Adrian Doff, Ben Goldstein
Spanish in three months : [simplified language course]
Esperanto : a complete course for beginners
Learn in your car : Russian : the complete language course
Vietnamese on the go!
Advance your english : a short course for advanced learners
English update. Course 3, Highlights
Writing
Turkish on the go!
Collins Latin language and Roman culture
Speak swedish with confidence
Lingua land. English
Language to go. Elementary : students' book
English for you, too!. Starter
Learn in your car : Japanese : the complete language course
French in action : a beginning course in language and culture : the Capretz method : workbook. Part 1
Practical business Japanese
English made easy. Volume 1, A new ESL approach: Learning english through pictures
Hebrew on the go!
Evening class
Getting by in Hebrew : a quick beginners' course for tourists and businesspeople
English for Russian speakers on the go!
New headway. Intermediate
Colloquial Spanish : the complete course for beginners
Learn Finnish : survival phrases
Sherlock. The hounds of Baskerville
Speak Swedish with confidence
English for health care professionals
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish
They Do it with Mirrors
The hidden treasures of Egypt
First certificate Avenues : Coursebook
Colloquial Arabic (Levantine) : The complete course for beginners
Polish Travel Pack
15 minute Italian : learn in just 12 weeks
Learning Hindi is a gateway to many other official languages spoken all over Asia and the Middle East. By choosing to learn Hindi, you are opening yourself up to a magical world of fascinating culture, ancient history, sublime cuisine, and wonderful people.
Complete Irish
Italian for dummies
First Certificate Skills : Teacher's edition
Persian grammar : for reference and revision
Learn in your car German complete
Collins easy learning Greek : audio course
Polish for travellers
French guaranteed
LingoPix. British English
English grammar for ESL learners
Arabic phrase book & dictionary
Collins easy learning Mandarin : audio course
Danish : a complete course for beginners
Total Mandarin Chinese
Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine
Culture Café. Book 7
In touch. Back-up English
English update. Course 2, Highlights
Painless English : terveydenhuoltoalan englantia. 1, Texts & exercises
Kohtume Eestis! : eestin kielen alkeisoppikirja = Estonian for beginners = učebnik estonskogo jazyka dlja načinajuščih
Swahili : a complete course for beginners
Japanese in 30 days : course book
In Britain : 21st century edition
Writing : A2 pre-intermediate
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish : lisämateriaalia opettajalle
English for you. 3
Destinations. 2
Finnish course (from Arabic) : basic
In touch. 3
Going places : English for work and travel. Study book two
Cupid the Dolphin
The Missing Snows of Kilimanjaro
Activate your english : Pre-intermediate coursebook : Intermediate coursebook
Spanish for dummies
Learn Finnish. Level 2, absolute beginner. Volume 1
Farsi on the go!
Flying colours : students' book. 1.
In the mood for more English
Becoming Jane
French : phrase book & CD
New headway. Intermediate : student's book
Target first certificate. Student's book
Complete Spanish all-in-one
Your gap year : everything you need to know to make your year out the adventure of a lifetime
New Headway : student's book. Pre-intermediate
Language to go. Pre-intermediate : students' book
A Pocket Full of Rye
Ideas & issues
Finnish for foreigners I : exercises
The complete japanese verb guide
Destination Unknown
Arabic on the move : the lively audio language program for busy people
Learn Spanish. vol.1 : introduction to Spanish
Listen to the world
Russian for dummies
The Orient Express
Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian : a textbook with exercises and basic grammar
After the Funeral
English unlimited : B+ intermediate : coursebook with e-portfolio
Brazil 500 years : voyage to Terra Papagalis
Spanish in 30 days : course book
English A : language and literature for the IB diploma
Spanish guaranteed
Learn in your car : Spanish : the complete language course
Colloquial Yiddish : the complete course for beginners
Teach yourself hungarian : a complete course for beginners
The House of Seven Gables
Mango Languages teaches in-depth and comprehensive language and grammar skills.
Greek travel pack
Learn in your car : Italian : the complete language course
Open road. Course 2
Learning english with Henry. 1-6
Macedonian : a course for beginning and intermediate students = Makedonski jazik
German : the complete course. 1A
Insight into IELTS
The Lost City of Machu Picchu
English for life : intermediate. Student's book
BBC English Zone : interaktiivinen CD-ROM. Intermediate
CAE gold plus : coursebook
German conversation
Learn in your car French complete language course
Tales of suspense : from Alfred Hitchock's Mystery Magazine
Finnish summary.
Get by in Japanese : a quick beginners' course for holidaymakers and business people
Farsi : a complete course for beginners
Easy Italian reader : a three-part text for beginning students
Finnish course (from Thai) : basic
"Three official languages have emerged: Croatian in Croatia, Serbian in Serbia, and both these languages plus Bosnian in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Bosnian, Croatian, Serbian, a Textbook introduces the student to all three. Dialogues and exercises appear in each language, presented side by side for easy comparison; in addition, Serbian is rendered in both its Latin and its Cyrillic spellings. Teachers may choose a single language to use in the classroom, or they may want to familiarize students with all three"--Book jacket.
Steps into English. 2
In touch. Course 8, Earthbeat
Let's go to the circus! : English for children
Saving the Amazon together
The effects of language courses on L2 composition : a study of the use of verb phrases in written work by language course students
A Disappearing World
Korean on the go!
Portuguese in three months
They Came to Baghdad
Turkish in three months
French for dummies
The Legends of Sleepy Hollow and Rip Van Winkle
Colloquial Somali : the complete course for beginners
D!irty Spanish workbook : 101 fun exercises filled with slang, sex and swearing
Destinations. 1
Time : reaching for tomorrow. Time : reaching for tomorrow : instructor's manual
SMALL TALK SURVIVAL KIT 1.
Real world
Going places : English for work and travel. Study book one
Cat Among the Pigeons
Crooked House
Italian conversation
Move. Intermediate : coursebook with CD-ROM
Murder on the Orient Express
All-in-one language fun!
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
Complete French all-in-one
Collins easy learning Portuguese : audio course
English update. Course 1, Highlights
