http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15408 Roman Catholic Church
Roman Catholic Church
Butler's lives of the saints. March
Butler's lives of the saints. October
Difficulties in mental prayer
The scorpion. Volume 4
Church : charism and power : liberation theology and the institutional church
Roman catholicism and political form
A short history of the Catholic church
The book of saints : a comprehensive biographical dictionary
Voices and instruments in Christian worship : principles, laws, applications
Mysterium liberationis : fundamental concepts of liberation theology
The catholic church : nature, reality and mission
Tablet
A Catholic dictionary of theology : a work projected with the approval of the Catholic hierachy of England and Wales. Volume 2, Catechism - heaven
Catechism of the catholic church
The scorpion. Volume 5
A igreja em flagrante : catolicismo e sociedade na imprensa brasileira 1964-1980 = The Church in the news : catholicism and society in the Brazilian press 1964-1980
Social justice isn't what you think it is
A Roman Catholic Theology of pastoral care
The Eucharistic celebration : the source and summit of faith
A Catholic dictionary of theology : a work projected with the approval of the Catholic hierachy of England and Wales. Volume 1, Abandonmet - casuistry
The papacy
The Roman Catholic Church
The source
Good offices
Modern Catholicism : Vatican II and after
The scorpion. Volume 2
The Scorpion. Volume 7 : the mask of truth
The catholic church and evolutionary theory: a conflict model
The essential Augustine
New picture book of saints : illustrated lives of the saints for young and old
The catholic advantage : why health, happiness, and heaven await the faithful
Butler's lives of the saints. May
In the maelstrom of secularization collaboration and persecution : Roman Catholicism in modern Czech society and the state
The Catholic priest : his identity and values : a ministerial profile of the joliet presbyterate
Called to full unity : documents on Anglican-Roman Catholic relations 1966-1983
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
Letter to the Bishops of the Catholic Church on the collaboration of men and women in the church and in the world
The Catholic Church in Finland
The mass
Butler's lives of the saints. December
Roman Catholicism and religious liberty
The practice of penance, 900-1050
Butler's lives of the saints. August
Anglican/Roman Catholic dialogue : the work of the preparatory commission
The Roman-Catholic Church in people's Poland
Aiming at happiness : the moral teaching in the Catechism of the Catholic Church : an analysis and commentary
Roman Catholics in England : studies in social structure since the Second World War
Struggle for the spirit : religious transformation and popular culture in Brazil and Latin America
Understanding Catholic morality
Roman Catholic beliefs in England : customary Catholicism and transformations of religious authority
Fundamentals of catholic dogma
Catholicism :  very short introduction
New ... St. Joseph weekday missal. Vol. 1, Advent to Pentecost : all the proper mass texts for every weekday and feast day ..
Sacrament of salvation : an introduction to eucharistic ecclesiology
In search of the catholic spirit : Methodists and Roman Catholics in dialogue
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
Europe without priests?
The scorpion. Volume 3
Catechism of the Catholic Church
From breviary to liturgy of the hours : the structural reform of the Roman Office 1964-1971
Butler's lives of the saints. April
Butler's lives of the saints. June
The Scorpion. Volume 6 : the angel's shadow
Oxford dictionary of popes
Heresy of formlessness : the Roman liturgy and its enemy
The Catholicity of the Reformation
Butler's lives of the saints. September
The Catholic parish : institutional discipline, tribal identity and religious development in the English Church
I am a Roman Catholic
The politics of spirituality : a study of a renewal process in an English diocese
Moral monopoly : the rise and fall of the Catholic church in modern Ireland
Marriage and the family
Catholicism: hard questions
Butler's lives of the saints. February
A Catholic dictionary of theology : a work projected with the approval of the Catholic hierachy of England and Wales. Volume 3, Hegel - paradise
Relativism and religion : why democratic societies do not need moral absolutes
The devil will come
New ... St. Joseph weekday missal. Vol. 2, Advent to Pentecost : all the proper mass texts for every weekday and feast day ..
Making Saints : how the Catholic Church determines who becomes a Saint, who doesn't, and why
The Scorpion. Volume 8 : in the name of the son
What being Catholic means to me
Butler's lives of the saints. November
Religions : fundamental themes for a dialogistic understanding
The catholic church in Peru, 1821-1985 : a social history
Butler's lives of the saints. January
Earthly mission: the Catholic Church and world development
Woman of god
The ecumenical legacy of Johannes cardinal Willebrands (1909-2006)
New ... St. Joseph Sunday missal
The Malines Conversation revisited
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The Ratzinger report : an exclusive interview on the state of the Church
Butler's lives of the saints. July
The gospel of Judas
Women and catholic priesthood : an expanded vision : proceedings of the Detroit Ordination Conference
The making of moral theology : a study of the Roman Catholic tradition
Terror over Yugoslavia : the threat to Europe
The secret archives of the Vatican
St. Peter's Square, Rome. White smoke signals that a new Pope has been chosen. Is it possible that the new Pope is a woman? The world is watching as historic crowds gather in Rome, waiting for news of a new Pope, one who promises to be unlike any other in the Church's history. Some followers are ecstatic, but the leading candidate has made a legion of powerful enemies. From a difficult childhood with drug addled parents, to a career as a doctor on the front lines in Sudan, to a series of trials that test her faith at every turn, Brigid Fitzgerald's convictions and callings have made her the target of all those who fear that the Church has lost its way dangerous adversaries who abhor challenges to tradition. Locked in a deadly, high-stakes battle with forces determined to undermine everything she believes in, Brigid must convert her enemies to her cause before she loses her faith and her life.
Understanding the sacraments today
Rite of Christian initiation of adults : approved for use in the dioceses of England and Wales, Scotland : the Roman ritual : revised by decree of the second Vatican ecumenical council and published by authority of Pope Paul VI
The Biblical Commission's document "The interpretation of the Bible in the Church" : text and commentary
Roman catholicism : the search for relevance
The scorpion. Volume 1
