http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15588 turn of the millennium
turn of the millennium
Disaster and the millennium
Painting today
The coming deliverer : millennial themes in world religions
Installation art in the new millenium : the empire of the senses : with 317 illustrations, 269 in colour
Apocalypse : beauty and horror in contemporary art : Royal Academy of Arts, London, 23.9. - 15.12.2000 / Norman Rosenthal with Michael Archer ... [et al.]
European attitudes to the global English in use at the close of the 20th century
Contemporary world architecture : is a comprehensive survey of international architecture at the turning point of a new century. ..., is told by Hugh Perman
The year 2000 problem solver : a five-step disaster prevention plan
Mental fight
Book early for your bubbly!
Fin de millénaire French fiction : the aesthetics of crisis
The power of identity
Jesus : apocalyptic prophet of the new millennium
The French Riviera : a cultural history
End of millennium
The Millennium : the Rough guide
The photograph as contemporary art
Speeches that shaped the modern world
Designing the 21st century = Design des 21. Jahrhunderts = Le design du 21e siecle
Contemporary graphic design = Grafikdesign derGegenwart = Le graphisme contemporain
Networked : a contemporary history of news in transition
Northlanders. Book one : Sven the returned
The year 2000 software problem : quantifying the costs and assessing the consequences
New thinking for a new millennium
Architecture now! = Architektur heute = L'architecture d'aujourd'hui. Vol. 2
Millennial violence : past, present, and future
21 speeches that shaped our world : the people and ideas that changed the way we think
Zeitgeist und Zeitwende in Psychotherapie und Kultur : Beiträge der Tagung, 6.-8. Mai 1999 in Zürich = Zeitgeist and the millennium in psychotherapy and culture
Russia and its foreign policy : influences, interests, issues
The rise of the network society
Storming the millennium : the new politics of change
Millennium, messiahs, and mayhem : contemporary apocalyptic movements
The apocalyptic year 1000 : religious expectation and social change, 950-1050
Apocalypse - not in Finland : millenarianism and expectations on the eve of the year 2000.
From back home
China briefing 2000 : the continuing transformation
Fury
Two thousand ideas for a carnival!
Fast future : how the millennial generation is shaping our world
Fundamentalism in America : millennialism, identity and militant religion
