http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15509 Rastafari movement
Rastafari movement
Ay BōBō : afro-karibische Religionen : zweite Internationale Tagung der Gesellschaft für Karibikforschung, Wien 1990 = African-Caribbean religions : 2nd International Conference of the Society for Caribbean Research, Wienna 1990. T. = P. 3, Rastafari
"In reggae song after reggae song Bob Marley and other reggae singers speak of the Promised Land of Ethiopia. 'Repatriation is a must!' they cry. The Rastafari have been travelling to Ethiopia since the movement originated in Jamaica in 1930s. They consider it the Promised Land, and repatriation is a cornerstone of their faith. Though Ethiopians see Rastafari as immigrants, the Rastafari see themselves as returning members of the Ethiopian diaspora. In Visions of Zion, Erin C. MacLeod offers the first in-depth investigation into how Ethiopians perceive Rastafari and Rastafarians within Ethiopia and the role this unique immigrant community plays within Ethiopian society. Rastafari are unusual among migrants, basing their movements on spiritual rather than economic choices. This volume offers those who study the movement a broader understanding of the implications of repatriation. Taking the Ethiopian perspective into account, it argues that migrant and diaspora identities are the products of negotiation, and it illuminates the implications of this negotiation for concepts of citizenship, as well as for our understandings of pan-Africanism and south-south migration. Providing a rare look at migration to a non-Western country, this volume also fills a gap in the broader immigration studies literature"--
Bob Marley : the stories behind every song
Rastafari and other African-Caribbean worldviews
Rude boy : once upon a time in Jamaica
A modern translation of the Kebra Nagast (The glory of kings)
The Times world religions
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
Rastafari : roots and ideology
No woman no cry : my life with Bob Marley
The Rastafarians
Rasta and resistance : from Marcus Garvey to Walter Rodney
Carried beyond
The Roots of Reggae
Roots of street style
The original complete Grounation
Rastafari : a very short introduction
Bob Marley : soul survivor : the stories behind every song
Rastafari in the new millennium : a Rastafari reader
By the rivers of Babylon : timeless hymns of Rastafari
Rastafari and it ́s shamanist origin ́s : The New Age movement in the Caribbean
Dread and pentecostal : a political theology for the black church in Britain
Behind the frontlines : journey into Afro-Britain
Rastafari and reggae : a dictionary and sourcebook
In the company of stone : the art of the stone wall
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
Natty dread taking over
Black paradise : The Rastafarian movement
I am a Rastafarian
The first Rasta : Leonard Howell and the rise of Rastafarianism
Creole religions of the Caribbean : an introduction from Vodou and Santería to Obeah and Espiritismo
The Rastafarians : sounds of cultural dissonance
Jamaica folk trance possession : mystic music from Jamaica : roots of rastafari 1939-1961
Marley : the life, music and legacy of Bob Marley
Becoming Rasta : origins of Rastafari identity in Jamaica
Babylon East : performing, dancehall, roots reggae, and Rastafari in Japan
Rastafari : from outcasts to culture bearers
Mythology and cosmic order
A place called Africa
RastafarI women : subordination in the midst of liberation theology
New trends and developments in African religions
The mystic revelation of rastafari
Rastafari reasoning and the Rastawoman : gender constructions in the shaping of Rastafari livity
"From its obscure beginnings in Jamaica in the early 1930s, Rastafari has grown into an international socio-religious movement. It is estimated that 700,000 to 1 million people worldwide have embraced Rastafari, and adherents of the movement can be found in most of the major population centers and many outposts of the world. Most believers worship Haile Selassie I, Emperor of Ethiopia (ruled 1930-1974), as God incarnate. They often embrace the spiritual use of cannabis and reject western society, called Babylon. Believers proclaim Africa (also "Zion") as the original birthplace of mankind, and the call to repatriation to Africa is a key tenet. Rastafari: A Very Short Introduction provides an account of this widespread but often poorly understood movement. Ennis B. Edmonds looks at the essential history of Rastafari, including its principles and practices and its internal character and configuration. He examines its global spread, its far-reaching influence on cultural and artistic production in the Caribbean and beyond, and its handling of gender issues."--Publisher's website.
The Kebra nagast : the lost Bible of Rastafarian wisdom and faith from Ethiopia and Jamaica
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
Listening to intergalactic sounds : articulation of Rastafarian livity in Finnish roots reggae sound system performances
Visions of Zion : Ethiopians and Rastafari in the search for the promised land
New perspectives in Caribbean tourism
Subculture : the meaning of style
My brother
The book of Exodus : the making & meaning of Bob Marley & The Wailers' album of the century
Tales of Mozambique
Jamaican warriors : reggae, roots & culture
Dread talk : the language of Rastafari
Book of memory : a Rastafari testimony
Folklore from contemporary Jamaicans
