http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p155 exercise books
exercise books
Student solutions guide for discrete mathematics and its applications
Pathways to better writing practices in foreign language teaching : an analysis of writing exercises in an English course book used in a migrant class
American English file : workbook. 3
English for life : intermediate. Student's book
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry : includes plane, analytic, transformational, and solid geometries
New Headway : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
Student solutions manual : essential university physics. vol.1 : chapters 1-19
New Headway : workbook with key. Intermediate
Test your English vocabulary in use. Pre-intermediate & intermediate
Englannin treeni
Schaum's principles and problems of elementary algebra
Tech talk : workbook
A soil study at Wondo Genet Forestry Resources Institute, Ethiopia. 2, A proposal for practical training in soil science
Speech sounds
Tourism : the business of travel. Cram101 textbook outlines to accompany: Tourism: The business of travel
Vocabulary : pre-intermediate
Problems and solutions on electromagnetism
Study guide for Fundamental nursing skills and concepts, tenth edition
Hilgard's introduction to psychology. Study guide and unit mastery program to accompany
Willkommen! : a first course in German, Activity book
Ready to order : elementary english for the restaurant industry. Student's book
Grammar revision. Intermediate : workbook
Problems and solutions on quantum mechanics
Translation for advanced students
Check your English vocabulary for medicine : vocabulary workbook
Marketing for managers
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of geometry
Written in a workbook fashion and designed as a teaching / learning vehicle, Building ASL Interpreting and Translation Skills is for students taking courses in American Sign Language (levels I, II or III), as well as students enrolled in interpreting programs. The written English narratives are designed for translation, interpreting and transliterating with over 80 examples on the companion DVD signed by both native Deaf individuals and nationally certified interpreters. The book is divided into four parts. Part I: The first part of the text consists of 24 chapters that provide readers with an overview of a variety of ASL grammatical features. Each chapter includes an example glossed into ASL to provide students with a model for translation, each of which are signed on the accompanying DVD, followed by narratives for student practice that gradually increase in length and difficulty.
English pronunciation : a workbook : American versio
Electronic gadgets for the evil genius
Building ASL interpreting and translation skills : narratives for practice
The ultimate Spanish verb review and practice
Grammar revision. Advanced : workbook
Study guide to accompany university physics
Interpretation : techniques and exercises
Technic is fun. Preparatory book
Get on track to FCE : coursebook
Human resources management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Modern dance workbook
Problems in probability
Supplemental materials for First year Polish
New hope for youth : experiential exercises for children & adolescents
Primary points of departure
Vocabulary : intermediate
A history of Western music : instructor's manual and test-item file
Study guide to accompany Schotter Microeconomics : a modern approach
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of first year college mathematics : college algebra, plane trigonometry, plane and solid analytic geometry, introduction to calculus
Looking at languages : a workbook in elementary linguistics
Esespanol : cuaderno de recursos y ejercicios : resource and activity book. 1, beginner level
Problems and solutions on optics : major American universities Ph.D. qualifying questions and solutions
Laboratory experiments in microbiology
Local administration : supplementary materials
Study guide : earth science, ninth edition
Breakthrough Spanish : activity book. 1
Role plays and pair work
2000 solved problems in electromagnetics
New Headway : workbook with key. Elementary
English grammar in use : supplementary exercises : [without answers]
Technic is fun : book one
Mapwork with pictures
Engineering mechanics. Dynamics. Practice problems workbook
Practise with puzzles. Book 2
Natural English : workbook with key. Upper-intermediate
Exercises in physical geology
Advanced Swahili exercises
English in fact : student's book
Introduction to management in the hospitality industry. Study guide to accompany
Basic physical chemistry calculations
Practicing to take the GRE mathematics test
Study guide to accompany Discovering Psychology, 2nd ed., [by] Don H. Hockenbury & Sandra E. Hockenbury
Cutting edge : a practical approach to task-based learning : intermediate. Student's book
Catch 23 : translation exercises
Building geographic literary : an interactive approach
Problem-solving workbook : general chemistry
World history study lessons : the rise of democracy. Unit 3
The Heinemann english grammar
Physics to a degree
Workbook for Wheelock's Latin
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Pre-intermediate
Problems in applied mathematics : selections from SIAM review
Fundamentals of Japanese = Nihongo nyūmon
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany entertainment marketing & communication : selling branded performance, people, and places
Success! in phlebotomy : a Q & A review
Natural English : student's book. Intermediate
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of first year college mathematics
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Engineering mechanics. Statics. Practice problems workbook / R.C. Hibbeler
Environmental engineering solved problems : practce solving problems for the environmental PE exam
French in action : a beginning course in language and culture : the Capretz method : workbook. Part 1
New cutting edge : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
Say it in sign : a workbook of sign language exercises
Fundamentals of physics
Word games with English. Plus
Bookkeeping exercises for Junior Certificate
Writing above standard : engaging workshop lessons that take standards to new heights and help kids become skilled, inspired writers
Advanced grammar in use supplementary exercises : with answers
Longman language activator : workbook
Problems in undergraduate physics. Vol. 4, Molecular physics, thermodynamics, atomic and nuclear physics
My very first christmas annual
Puzzles in math and logic : 100 new recreations
Discussions and more : oral fluency practice in the classroom
Study guide and workbook to accompany : Frederic S. Mishkin, The economics of money, banking, and financial markets, fifth edition
Testbook to accompany Financial accounting, concepts and practices
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of differential and integral calculus in SI metric units
Schaum's outline of principles and problems of plane geometry : with coordinate geometry
International business English : communication skills in English for business purposes. Workbook
University of Chicago graduate problems in physics with solutions
Study guide to accompany Investments : analysis and management
Cost accounting : with managerial applications : study guide
Japanese for everyone : a functional approach to daily communication : workbook
Advanced English practice
Complete phlebotomy exam review
Test your idioms
New Headway : workbook with key. Upper intermediate
700 solved problems in vector mechanics for engineers. Volume 2, Dynamics
History of English
Learning real English with Collins COBUILD English language dictionary
Out and about. Åk. 8, Allmän kurs
Check your English vocabulary for business and administration
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of college physics
Mathematics of finance : instructor's manual
A linguistics workbook
Oxford advanced learner's dictionary : resource book
Check your English vocabulary for IELTS : [vocabulary workbook]
English-Greek translation
Field and laboratory exercises in ecology
Reading comprehension materials for students of social and behavioural sciences. 3, Economics
Problem solving : physical pharmacy
Natural English : workbook with key. Intermediate
Test your vocabulary for FCE
3000 solved problems in calculus
Questions and answers on food and beverage service
Sabini: Social psychology : study guide
The ultimate French verb review and practice
New Headway : workbook with key. Beginner
Test your vocabulary. Book 1
Welding : principles & practices : student workbook for use with
English grammar for ESL learners
English for environmental science in higher education studies : course book
Learning Chinese overseas textbook. 3. Workbook on Chinese characters = Haiwai hanyu keben. 3. Hanzi lianxice
Words, texts, and meanings : indian literatures in translations (text and workbook)
Jiā yóu : Chinese for the global community. 1, Workbook
Word games with English. 2
Statistics for engineers
Reward : intermediate. Practice book
First sociology : test manual to accompany
Analyzing and solving chemistry problems
International express : upper-intermediate student`s book with pocent book
Problems and snapshots from the world of probability
Student guide and workbook for use with macroeconomics, seventh edition
Fast track to FCE : exam practise workbook
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of money and banking
Global : pre-intermediate workbook with key
Appleton & Lange review of pharmacy
English puzzles. 4, [Intermediate]
Problems and solutions in introductory mechanics
A collection of exercises = Englannin kielen pro exercitio harjoituksia
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of college algebra
From agronomic data to farmer recommendations : answers to workbook exercises
3000 solved problems in linear algebra
Collins COBUILD studentś grammar : classroom edition
Check your English vocabulary for FCE+ : [vocabulary workbook]
Conducting tours
Macmillan English dictionary : for advanced learners of American English : workbook
Descriptive phonetics : transcripition workbook
3000 solved problems in physics
French vocabulary
Advanced listening comprehension : developing aural and notetaking skills
Part II The second part of the text consists of 20 chapters covering additional grammatical features. The selections become increasingly longer in length. Selections in the first several chapters of Part II are also signed by a Deaf individual on the companion DVD. As the selections become longer, a nationally certified interpreter interprets selected narratives modeling the ASL principle described in the chapter. Part III: The third part of the text is devoted to exercises that focus on building automaticity when confronting multiple meaning words, idioms, and college level vocabulary. These selections are longer in length and are designed to provide interpreters with source material that covers a wide variety of topics. Part IV: The fourth part of the text includes narratives, lectures, and passages from texts that might be read in a high school or college class.
Field & laboratory exercises in environmental science
My very first Christmas annual
Learning Chinese overseas textbook. 4. Workbook on Chinese characters = Haiwai hanyu keben. 4. Hanzi lianxice
Test your English vocabulary in use. Upper-intermediate
Collins French verbs & practice
The Stanford mathematics problem book : with hints and solutions
Business basics : workbook
Laboratory exercises in microbiology
Vista : advanced English learning. Self-study book
