http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15544 Maris
Maris
This is the first major archivally based study of the political career of Wenzel Anton Kaunitz, State Chancellor of the Habsburg Monarchy from 1753 to 1792. Author of the diplomatic revolution of 1756 and brilliant foreign minister of the Austrian Empire, Kaunitz was also the most important statesman in the development of enlightened absolutism in central Europe. Virtually the third head of state under Maria Theresia and Joseph II, he was the driving force behind the many reforms which sought to modernise the monarchy.  Using Kaunitz as a focus, the author explores the dynamic of the development of enlightened absolutism in the Habsburg Empire through its most influential proponent and spokesman. Enlightened absolutism in the Habsburg Monarchy produced some of the boldest innovations in eighteenth-century Europe, and this book analyses the full complexity of the decision-making process.
Defining self : essays on emergent identities in Russia seventeenth to nineteenth centuries
The acts of Mār Māri the apostle
Gammaglobulin allotypes in Finnish Lapps, Finns, Åland Islanders, Maris (Cheremis), and Greenland Eskimos
Select bibliography
Marianne Morre and China : orientalism and a writing of America
Marianne Moore : subversive modernist
The ethnography of the Mari, the Mordovians and the Udmurts
"That's how we are living" : between tradition and modernity in a post-socialist rural Mari village in Russia
The Meaning  of Eastern Mari Embroidery
There's no future for us here! : Mari youth on living in Shorunzha
Panorama starogo goroda : Carevokokšajsk na starinnyh otkrytkah i fotografiâh = Panorama of the old town : Tsarevokokshaisk in old postcards and photographs
Maria Edgeworth's art of prose fiction
A. J. Sjögren as a scholar and collector of Mari materials, 1828-1829
Finance and government under Maria Theresia 1740-1780. Vol. 1, Society and government
Ethnic revival, diasporas and host regions : the Eastern Mari
Red cell phosphoglucomutase polymorphism in Finland-Swedes, Finns, Finnish Lapps, Maris (Cheremisses) and Greenland Eskimos, and segregation studies of PGMö1 types in Lapp families
Reconstruction of Mari ethnic identity from folklore genres
The feud that sparked the renaissance : how Brunelleschi and Ghiberti changed the art world
Kaunitz and enlightened absolutism, 1753-1780
T-shirt or folk costume : choice of clothing by context
Embroidered memory : the meaning of Eastern Mari embroidery
Laulu kulttuurisena kommunikaationa = Song as cultural communication = Pesnâ kak sredstvо kul'turnoj kommunikacii : proceedings from the Runosong Academy Jubilee Seminar, 8-10 October 2010
Kazan' Teacher's Seminary and the awakening of the Finnic peoples of the Volga-Urals region
Callas : portrait of a prima donna
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
Five from Norway : Grete Nash, Trond Skog, Barbro Raen Thomassen, Marit Benthe Norheim, Alfred Vaagsvold : Galleri List Fyr, Borhaug, Norway, 03.27 - 04.03.1994 : Galéria Gerulata, Bratislava, Slovakia, 04.10. - 04.19.1994
Noitakuningatar Volgan mutkassa = The witch queen of the bend in the Volga
The Campanile of Florence Cathedral, "Giotto's tower"
Summary: Ethnic minorities in time and space.
Alexander Bessonov's Čeremissko-Russkij slovar' of the second half of the 19th century
"Let the earth be light upon you" : remembering the dead in a meadow Mari village
Moxtrot / International Centre for Art in Nature
Studies in Cheremis. Vol. 2, The supernatural
Towards the modern
The poetry of Marianne Moore : a study in voice and value
Structure and style in Mari charms
Three sisters, three queens
Democracy's Ancient Ancestors : Mari and Early Collective Governance
Genetic polymorphisms in Finno-Ugrian populations : Finns, Lapps and Maris
The savage's romance : the poetry of Marianne Moore
Echoes of memory : selected poems of Lucio Mariani
Maria Edgeworth : a literary biography
Finance and government under Maria Theresia 1740-1780. Vol. 2, Finance and credit
The mid-nineteenth-century female reality and ideals in the USA in Maria Susanna Cummins's The lamplighter
Ètnografičeskij muzej pod otkrytym nebom v Kozmodem'ânske = Ethnographic museum in the open air in Kozmodemyansk
The limit
Marianne Moore : an introduction to the poetry
Eastern features in Vote costume : parallel phenomena in Votic and Cheremis (Mari) dress
Pravoslavnye hramy i monastyri Marijskogo kraâ = Orthodox churches, convents and monasteries of Mari El
Gendered rural spaces
The woman Jesus loved : Mary Magdalene in the Nag Hammadi library and related documents
From the Volga to Siberia : the Finno-Ugric peoples in today's Russia
Berenice's hair : in search of Northern woman artist's identity : Rovaniemi Art Museum 19.6-19.9.1999
The aesthetic and ethnic meaning of ornaments
Marianne Thornton, 1797-1887 : a domestic biography
The Louisisana Exhibition : new art from Denmark and Scania 1997 : documentation : english version : [Louisiana Museum of Modern Art, Humlebaek, 3 October 1997 - 8 February 1998]
Visual element in the poetry of Marianne Moore
The East Finnic minorities in the Soviet Union : an appraisal of the erosive trends
Testing the limits of the permissible : Mari ethno-religious ferment and Russian authority, 1820s-1840s
As she did with Martin Guerre, Natalie Zemon Davis here retrieves individual lives from historical obscurity to give us a window onto the early modern world. As women living in the seventeenth century, Glikl bas Judah Leib, Marie de l'Incarnation, and Maria Sibylla Merian, equally remarkable though very different, were not queens or noblewomen, their every move publicly noted. Rather, they were living "on the margins" in seventeenth-century Europe, North America, and South America. Yet these women - one Jewish, one Catholic, one Protestant - left behind memoirs and writings that make for a spellbinding tale and that, in Davis' deft narrative, tell us more about the life of early modern Europe than many an official history. All these women were originally city folk. Glikl bas Judah Leib was a merchant of Hamburg and Metz whose Yiddish autobiography blends folktales with anecdotes about her two marriages, her twelve children, and her business. Marie de L'Incarnation, widowed young, became a mystic visionary among the Ursuline sisters and cofounder of the first Christian school for Amerindian women in North America. Maria Sibylla Merian, a German painter and naturalist, produced an innovative work on tropical insects based on lore she gathered from the Carib, Arawak, and African women of Suriname. The resulting triptych suggests the range of experience, self-consciousness, and expression possible in seventeenth-century Europe and its outposts. It also shows how persons removed from the centers of power and learning ventured in novel directions, modifying in their own way Europe's troubled and ambivalent relations with other "marginal" peoples.
A multifaceted survey on modernisation and women's everyday lives in a Mari Village in Central Russia
Marianne Moore : a collection of critical essays
Cheremis musical styles
An ethnopolitical conflict in Russia's Republic of Mari El in the 2000s: The study of ethnic politics under the authoritarian turn
Chest and cupboard : a case study of identity in a Mari village
The structure and content of Cheremis charms : (part one)
Marit Følstad : it's all in my head : [Kunsternes Hus, Oslo, 20.10 - 3.12.2006] / [editor: Marit Følstad]
Maria Montessori : a biography
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
Mersenne and the learning of the schools
Changes in Mari villages and houses in the 1980s and 1990s
Kaunitz and Enlightened Absolutism 1753–1780
Women on the margins : three seventeenth-century lives
Respublika Marij Èl : Marijskaâ zemlâ - ogarovanie Rossii = Marij mlande - Rossijyn symystaryše kundemže = Mari land - the fascination of Russia
The Mari Dough-hero
Pearl of great price : the life of Mother Maria Skobtsova, 1891-1945
Revival, invention or re-invention of traditions? The Mari diaspora
Mary Magdalene : the image of a woman through the centuries
In memoriam Marina Sergeevna Botch (1931-1998)
Summary.
Gendered religious spaces among the Mari in Central Russia
Uno Harva's studies on religious rituals of the Mari
When literary efflorescence hit a steel wall
Kansakunta kehyksissä : naivistista taidetta Suomen Gallupin säätiön kokoelmasta = A nation framed : naive art in the Collection of the Suomen Gallup Foundation / [julkaisun toimittaja = editor and texts: Leila Lotti]
Studies in Cheremis folklore. Vol. 1
Descriptive guide to the Mari Sandoz collection
Mari weddings as an object of research
Structure and texture : selected essays in Cheremis verbal art
Dorevolûcionnaâ Kazan' : missionerskoe prosveŝenie i issledovanie narodov Povolž'â = Prerevolutionary Kazan : missionary education and study of the Volga native peoples
Everyday life in a Mari village : modernization process of Mari women
From fugitive peasants to diaspora : the Eastern Mari in tsarist and federal Russia
The linguistic affinity of the Volgaic Finno-Ugrians and their ethnogenesis : (early 4th millenium BC-late 1st millenium AD)
Edgeworth is regarded as a pioneer in the development of the regional novel and the use of vernacular language. This study investigates her attitudes towards language and regionalism. It shows, by a detailed discussion of her major Irish texts - Castle Rackrent, Essay on Irish Bulls, Ennui, The Absentee and Ormond - how her intellectual 'Lunar' background, and her life in Ireland during the momentous years of the Union is reflected in the form and language of her writing.
The representation of sürem sacrificial ritual among thepresent-day Meadow-Mari population in Russia
Homecoming of sámi artists : Masi group as the initiator of the modern Sámi art / Veli-Pekka Lehtola
Maria Edgeworth
A system of techniques and stratagems for outlining a traditional ethnic identity
Democracy's Ancient Ancestors examines the political landscape of the ancient Near East through the archive of over 3000 letters found in the royal palace of Mari. These letters display a rich diversity of political actors, encompassing major kingdoms, smaller states and various tribal towns. Mari's unique contribution to the ancient evidence is its view of tribal organization, made possible especially by the fact that its king Zimri-Lim was first of all a tribal ruler, who claimed Mari as an administrative base and source of prestige. These archaic political traditions are not essentially unlike the forms of pre-democratic Greece, and they offer fresh reason to recognize a cultural continuity between the classical world of the Aegean and the older Near East. This book bridges several areas of interest, including archaeology, ancient and classical history, early Middle and Near East, and political and social history.
The Cheremis
Relationship between the clothing and the abstract reasons of morality
Up to date basic information on the Volga Finns
Maria Edgeworth's Irish Writing : Language, History, Politics
Marianne Moore : the poetry of engagement
Maria : Callas remembered
A mother's shame
Marianne Moore, the poet's advance
The opposite of loneliness : essays & stories
The opera lover's companion
Cheremis folksongs
The Vrouw Maria Underwater project 2009–2012 final report
The edge : art from the northernmost part of Europe : City Art Center, Edinburgh, 17.4. - 23.5.1998 : Galärvarvet, Stockholm, 5.6. - 14.6.1998
Oekeeta asijoo : commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Seppo Suhonen sexagenarii 16.V.1998
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäisten kielisukulaistemme asuinsijoilta = The great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
Development of Mordvin definite conjugation
Minority political participation under majority domination : a case study of Russia's Republic of Mari El
María Sabina : her life and chants
Mary Magdalene : the first apostle : the struggle for authority
Paradise in ashes : a Guatemalan journey of courage, terror, and hope
