http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15552 mixing (sound)
mixing (sound)
The art of recording : understanding and crafting the mix
Logic Pro 9 and Logic Express 9
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
The classical musician's recording handbook
Lazy : Hazy days and steamy nights
Trade hard house
Instant surround sound
Sonar 8 power! : the comprehensive guide
Cubase 5 : tips and tricks
The remix manual
Winter Warmer : 17 steamy new tracks to get weekend started
The remixer's bible : build better beats
Music for a harder generation. Vol 2.
The AudioPro home recording course. Volume 3 : a comprehensive multimedia recording text
Future Sounds of Jazz. Vol. 9 : 7 previously unreleased and exclusive tracks!
Mix the Vibe: Dj Spinna : eclectic mindset
Boys for Pele
Sound mixing : tips and tricks
Production sound mixing : the art and craft of sound recording for the moving image
Guerrilla film scoring : practical advice from Hollywood composers
Nuendo 5 power! : the comprehensive guide
Power tools for Pro Tools 8 : master digidesign's pro audio and music production application
The AudioPro home recording course. Volume 2 : a comprehensive multimedia audio recording text
Guerilla home recording : how to get great sound from any studio (no matter how weird or cheap your gear is)
The music producer's handbook
Adobe Audition CC : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Internal mixing
Sound and recording
Back in the box
Once You Go Blak
Cubase SX : the official guide
Adobe Premiere Pro CS3 : classroom in a book : the official training workbook from Adobe Systems
Mixing in pro tools : skill pack
Modern live sound : a hands-on, step-by-step guide to mixing for today's sound systems
Electro Trance : boshing beats meet sexy synths : 15 sizzling selections from the new elctro soundclash
The Best of Ibiza Trance 2002 : handpicked top boss tunes for the best summer of your life
Propellerhead Reason 4 : tips and tricks
Nordic Days
Producing and mixing contemporary jazz
DJing for beginners : mastering, mixing, sequencing, beatmatching, and equalising
The mixing engineer's handbook
Teach yourself mixing : everything you need to know to start mixing now!
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Make music with your iPad®
Going pro with pro tools 8
Chant down Babylon
Sound advice on recording & mixing vocals
The AudioPro home recording course. [1]
Creative redording : 3 : Recording on the move
Moby : New York heroes : 12 tracks from NY's most inspirational bands, picked by dance music's bigger star
Prenatal pain in album making process.  : How to anticipate and understand stressful situations and whether we can learn something from childbirth.
The AudioPro home recording course. [Volume 1] : a comprehensive multimedia audio recording text
The Infamous... ; The Murda Mix Tape
New York : Lounge
Cubase SX/SL : mixing & mastering
Practical recording techniques : the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording
Fast guide to Propellerhead Reason
Roger Sanchez : Exclusive 12-track mix cd of classics
The recording engineer's handbook
Trance 'n' Bass : drum 'n' bass meets trance : 12 mentalist tunes to rinse your wease!
The recording guitarist : a guide for home and studio
Looking for the perfect beat 1980-1985
Live sound reinforcement : a comprehensive guide to p.a. and music reinforcement systems and technology
In the bag : (Secret X-Remixes)
The art of mixing : a visual guide to recording, engineering and production
Club Connection : the authentic sound of eighties club culture from the vaults of Atlantic, Electra & Warner Bros Records 1979-1985
Fast guide to cubase 6
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 Digital Classroom
Pro Tools 8 : Pro Tools for film and video
Sound advice on equalizers, reverbs & delays
Home recording for musicians for dummies
Pro Tools 7 : CSi master
The systematic mixing guide : the practical handbook to make your tracks slam
Pro Tools 8 kit  : the complete professional workflow for music production
How to dvj : a digital dj masterclass
The producer's manual : all you need to get pro recordings and mixes in the project studio
AnotherLateNight
Reason 6 Power! : the comprehensive guide
The audio effects workshop
70 minutes of madness
Handbook of recording engineering [fourth edition]
Tidy vs Frantic : the hard dance clubs battle it out. Boshwits!
Jazz In The House. 11
The magnificent sounds of... Click ...and More
This thesis is in two parts, consisting of artistic work and written work.  The primary emphasis is on the artistic work.  The artistic part of this thesis was a Habakuk concert held at the Risto Ryti Hall in Huittinen on 13.11.2010, which marked the release of Habakuk's album Koti.  The concert was recorded and filmed for a DVD release (appendix 3). The written part of the thesis is a study which was carried out on behalf of Habakuk.  Habakuk is a Christian pop rock band that was formed in Satakunta in 1998.  The aim of the written work was to establish and define the roles of pre-production and the producers in the making of a record.  The making of earlier records had been stressful and time-consuming for Habakuk, and with the aid of this dissertation work the band wanted to ascertain what effect good pre-production and the choice of producer have on the recording process. The band also wanted to find out what kinds of solutions or choices can help improve time management, and how the time that is used can be optimised to maximum effect.  The recording process involves a number of stages and disciplines, but this work only focuses on those areas in which Habakuk felt there was room for improvement. These areas were the producer (the person responsible for the overall artistic direction of the record), pre-production (choosing and editing pieces for inclusion on the record before the actual recording begins) and mixing (fitting the audio tracks together). The study in this thesis was carried out via e-mail with producers in October 2011.  The survey sent consisted of five open questions and a covering letter (appendix 2). The results of the survey lead to the conclusion that next time Habakuk begin the process of making a record they should place more emphasis on pre-production, including making a demo.  The band should also strive for more effective co-operation with both the producer and the mixer.  These measures may result in a record more like that which the band is striving to achieve.
Carl Cox : exclusive 16-track mix featuring Röyksopp, Slam, Joris Voorn, Steve Angello
Secrets of house music production
2001 : A house Odyssey : Yousef's winter warm-up
Rough Trade Shops : Counter Culture [2002]
Mackie compact mixers : featuring the Mackie MS1202 and CR-1604
Titles of the Unexpected.. : 2CD including Live E-Z Rollers Mix Session
Acid house reborn! : 14 hot exclusive tracks you can't live without
Brazilectro : Latin flavoured club tunes. Session 10
The Best of Pulp Fusion : original 1970's ghetto jazz & funk classics
How to remix
Music Production  Process: Recording, Mixing and Mastering
Everything you need to know about DJing and success : Danny Rampling shares his 20 years' experience at the top
The Bedroom Sessions : classics and inspirations
Make music now!
It must be a dream
Brazilution : Latin flavoured club tunes : edição 5 : the winter/spring edition
Hip-hop DJs and the evolution of technology : cultural exchange, innovation, and democratization
10 years GMF Berlin
Secrets of recording : professional tips, tools & techniques
The Mighty Trojan Sound
Open season: remixes and collabs
Experimental Remixes Extended Playing
The Wonder of Stevie : Essential Stevie compositions, covers & cookies
21st century Breaks : 3 CDs of the hottest underground breakbeat
GarageBand for dummies
The filmmaker's handbook : a comprehensive guide for the digital age
The AudioPro home recording course. 2
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
The good son vs the only daughter : The Blemish remixes
Creative recording 2 : microphones, acoustics, soundproofing and monitoring
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
Creative recording. Part one : effects and processors
The King Tubby Tapes
Rush Hour : a mutated techno and spanking hard house hybrid
Composition for computer musicians
Ableton Live 8 and Suite 8 : create, produce, perform
Zipcode : 15th anniversary remix & remake compilation album
Pro tools 7 power : the comprehensive guide
Take me to your leader
Select Cuts from Blood & Fire
Reaper power! : the comprehensive guide
Drum song : continuous mix with mixmaster Mighty Mike
Reason 4 Power! : the comprehensive guide
Techtv's secrets of the digital studio / insider's guide to desktop recording
Practical recording techniques : [the step-by-step approach to professional audio recording]
Into Blue
Odyssey through O2 : Jean Michel Jarre revisited by
Next level Bosh! : 14-track hard-dance mix from the scratch lord!
Classic Reggae : The Producers : reggae's original kings of the mixing desk
Handbook of recording engineering
Sound advice on recording & mixing drums
Total keyboard tutor : the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing with all keyboards
Live sound PA for performing musicians
The complete guide to remixing : produce professional dance-floor hits on your home computer
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Understanding and crafting the mix : the art of recording
Power tools for Cubase 7 : master Steinberg's powerful multi-platform audio production software
Power tools for Ableton Live 9 : master Ableton's music production and live performance application
Disco D'n'B : 14 furious drum 'n' bass sizzlers in a superdisco mash-up
Sound advice on mixing
Audio production worktext : concepts, techniques, and equipment
Pro Tools 8 : music production, recording, editing and mixing / Mike Collins
Lost Classics : Undiscovered anthems from Mixmag's secret vaults
Softcore Jukebox
Sound advice on recording & mixing guitars
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
The Lone Deranger
Shake the nations
Pro Tools 10 for game audio
The home recording handbook
Build your own PC recording studio
Access all areas : a real world guide to gigging and touring
The art of mixing : a visual guide to recording, engineering, and production
Creative recording 1 : effects and processors
Audio editing with Adobe Audition
Music technology from scratch
