http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15564 fairy tales
fairy tales
The big book of fairies
Usborne illustrated stories from the Greek myths
Bluey the little drip is the story of raindrops on their journey around the world. Bluey has been at the bottom of the Blue lagoon and this is the first time that he floated to the top. He was enjoying his time under the sun when all of a sudden he's evaporated and floats up into the sky and settles within a cloud full of raindrops he had never met before. He befriends a rather pretty droplet named Clara and she explains to him where he has come from and where they are going. Described by the media as education, dressed up as an enjoyable tale. Teachers have found that by reading the book to the class it awakens interest in the weather and follow the story into a lesson on the environment. Suitable for children from 4 to 8 years old and you will be amazed at how much children will love having the story read to them again and again. This is the first in a series of books and the second story 'Bluey Meets Father Christmas' has also been released.
Who is king? : ten magical tales from Africa
Freaky tales from far and wide
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!""--
The secret world of fairies
Drops of life
The forgotten garden
Animal stories : a collection of short stories
When the robbers came to Cardamom town
That's not how we do it here! : a story about how organizations rise and fall--and can rise again
Andersen : the illustrated fairy tales of Hans Christian Andersen
Princess of Glass
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
Great Indian folk-tales
The Little Green Monster
The hutchinson treasury of fairy tales
Towering
Once upon a time. Out of the past
Jack and the jelly bean stalk
Stories from Hans Christian Andersen
The rich man and the shoe-maker: A fable by la Fontaine
Pirate diary : the journal of Jake Carpenter
The secret of the kelpie
Life after theft
The wonderful wizard of Oz. [1]
The Kingfisher book of bedtime stories for the very young
Christian Lacroix and the tale of the Sleeping Beauty
The princess and the pea : in miniature
Knitted fairy tales : recreate the famous stories with knitted toys
Best loved tales from Beatrix Potter
When beauty tamed the beast
The marvelous land of Oz. [2]
Selected tales from Beatrix Potter
Who is King? : ten magical stories from Africa
Fantastic Mr Fox
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
The Story tree : tales to read aloud
Min ha-mabua : (from the fountainhead) : forty four folktales collected by the "Mabuim" school-pupils
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Don't cook Cinderella
The dangerous life in Moominvalley : 1 March - 12 October 1997
Return to The Hundred Acre Wood : in which Winnie-the-Pooh enjoys further adventures with Christopher Robin and his friends
Tenggren's cowboys and indians
Watership Down
Karlson on the Roof
Enchanted
Fairy tales
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Lempi, fire and female väki : an exploration into dynamistic relationships in Finnish-Karelian magic and folk belief
The book collector
Alice in wonderland : the visual guide
The girl who married a ghost : and other tales from Nigeria
Eight o'clock tales
Tales from ancient worlds
Stories and tales
Claude on holiday
Princess of the Silver Woods
The complete fairy tales
The Girl Who Wouldn't Talk
In order to end the Masked Man's literary army, the twins and their friends must enter Conner's short stories, where they find allies in unexpected places but whom they need to end the Masked Man's reign of terror.
The selfish sparrow ; The white cat and the wicked wolf
"Queen Levana is a ruler who uses her "glamour" to gain power. But long before she crossed paths with Cinder, Scarlet, and Cress, Levana lived a very different story - a story that has never been told . . . until now"
Romeo and Juliet : a Shakespeare story
The names upon the harp
A Bunch of Bears and Some Girl : A Character Poster Series Based on the Present Day
Grimm's household tales
The rose and the dagger
Around the world in 80 tales
The best children's books in the world : a treasure of illustrated stories
Once upon a time : a story collection
"What's the worst thing you can hear when you have a good idea at work? "That's not how we do it here!"  In their iconic bestseller Our Iceberg Is Melting, John Kotter and Holger Rathgeber used a simple fable about penguins to explain the process of lead&shy;ing people through major changes. Now, ten years later, they're back with another must-read story that will help any team or organization cope with their biggest challenges and turn them into exciting opportunities.  Once upon a time a clan of meerkats lived in the Kalahari, a region in southern Africa. After years of steady growth, a drought has sharply reduced the clan's resources, and deadly vulture attacks have increased. As things keep getting worse, the har&shy;mony of the clan is shattered. The executive team quarrels about possible solutions, and sugges&shy;tions from frontline workers face a soul-crushing response: "That's not how we do it here!"  So Nadia, a bright and adventurous meerkat, hits the road in search of new ideas to help her trou&shy;bled clan. She discovers a much smaller group that operates very differently, with much more teamwork and agility. These meerkats have developed innova&shy;tive solutions to find food and evade the vultures. But not everything in this small clan is as perfect as it seems at first.  Can Nadia figure out how to combine the best of both worlds--a large, disciplined, well-managed clan and a small, informal, inspiring clan--before it's too late?   This book distills Kotter's decades of experi&shy;ence and award-winning research to reveal why organizations rise and fall, and how they can rise again in the face of adversity"--
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Bronze jar : illustrated fairy tale
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The Orchard book of magical tales
Tales from the kingdoms
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
Pocket apocalypse
Dragons, little people, fairies, trolls and elves
Fairy Tale Secrets
The dragon king's daughter : ten Tang dynasty stories
The Rose and the beast : fairy tales retold
A thousand nights
The Victorian fairy tale book
Lost and found
Between the lines
The princess and the pea
The Helen Oxenbury : nursery collection
Tales from Moominvalley
An author's odyssey
The road to Oz
The forbidden wish
Orchard book of Grimms fairy tales
The best of Lewis Carroll
Winnie the pooh and the blustery day
Family Treasures and Other Bedtime Stories
A mischievous little rabbit : tales of danger and daring
Sleeping beauty
Polyphemus : a palaeolithic tale?
The Patchwork Girl of Oz
Fairy tale knits : 32 projects to knit happily ever after
The happy prince and other stories
Motifs and folktales : a new statistical approach
Fairy tales for bedtime
Alice's adventures in Wonderland & Through the looking-glass
Perrault's fairy tales
Tales of the catwings
P. Dukas' The sorcerer's apprentice
Usborne illustrated stories from Shakespeare
Grimm tales : for young and old
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
Jane on her own : a catwings tale
The barefoot book of earth tales
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
The art of storytelling : easy steps to presenting an unforgettable story
Off the page
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
The Emerald City of Oz
Paddington at the Tower
A party for Pooh
Elixir herb : fairy tale
Disney Frozen : storybook collection
Hansel and Gretel
D. B. Kabalevsky's Joey the clown (The comedians)
A treasury of children's literature
Tales from the Arabian nights
Tales from the perilous realm
The Complete Fairy Tales : The Brothers Grimm
The wonderful adventures of Nils
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
Fountain of youth
Hans Andersen : his classic fairy tales
Peter Pan and Wendy
My first nursery stories
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
Princess of the Midnight Ball
The giant all-colour book of fairy tales
The wonderful weaver and other magical stories
Andersen's fairy tales
The ugly duckling in signed English
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
Disney Winnie the Pooh storybook collection
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Story time with Little Princess. Vol. 2.
Dorothy and the wizard in Oz. [4]
The fairy tales
This paper presents an analysis of 56 variants of European and North American examples of the so-called Polyphemus tale (international tale type ATU 1137) using phylogenetic software according to  190 traits. Discussion addresses a number of points of comparative methodology while considering the historical implications of a relationship between different versions of this tale type recorded in diverse cultures.
Bluey the little drip
Myths and fairy tales in contemporary women's fiction : from Atwood to Morrison
Stories from the ballet
Lisa and her soundless world
Once upon a time : on the nature of fairy tales
Roald Dahl's revolting rhymes
Noddy and the magic rubber
Usborne stories for little children : Alice in Wonderland & other stories / edited by Jenny Tyler, Lesley Sims and Gillian Doherty ; designed by Laura Parker, Katarina Dragoslavic, Andrea Slane and Caroline Spatz
Cress is the third book in the bestselling Lunar Chronicles series, following Cinder and Scarlet. Incarcerated in a satellite, an expert hacker and out to save the world - Cress isn't your usual damsel in distress. Cress grew-up as a prisoner. With only net screens for company she's forced to do the bidding of the evil Queen Levana. Now that means tracking down Cinder and her handsome accomplice Emperor Kai. But little does Levana know that those she seeks, and the man she loves, are plotting her downfall...As paths cross and the price of freedom rises, happily ever after has never seemed further away for Cress, Scarlet and Cinder. This is not the fairy tale you remember. But it's one you won't forget..
The wrath and the dawn
Ozma of Oz. [3]
The Orchard book of Shakespeare stories
Ruma ankanpoikanen : The ugly duckling
The Barefoot book of brother and sister tales
Snow Queen and other stories
You funny Little Noddy
G. A. Rossini's William Tell
Peter and the wolf
Princess academy
Mr. Men and Little Miss : twenty bedtime stories
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
Tales of Hans Christian Andersen
Revolting rhymes
Gossip from the forest : the tangled roots of our forests and fairytales
The Cinderella cycle
The nursery rhyme songbook
The Enchanted wood
The enchantress returns
Kolme pientä porsasta : The three little pigs
It's absolutely true!
New house for little mouse = Novyi dom dlja Myški
The singing bones : art inspired by Grimms' fairy tales
Jack and the beanstalk and other stories
Folk Tales from Lithuania
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
Seven o'clock tales
Classic fairy tales from Hans Christian Andersen and the brothers Grimm
POPULAR FOLK TALES
