http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15514 puberty
puberty
Mature girls and adolescent boys? : deconstructing discourses of adolescence and gender
Serum markers of collagen metabolism and serum osteocalcin in relation to pubertal development in 57 boys at 14 years of age
Girl, 15 : flirting for England
Everything a girl needs to know about her periods
Effects of power versus endurance training on bone metabolism markers, serum hormone concentrations and physical performance in young athletes
Facts of life : Part 1. Growing up
Abnormalities in puberty : scientific and clinical advances
The developmental science of adolescence : history through autobiography
All grown up & no place to go : teenagers in crisis
Motor coordination test as an indicator for skating performance in ice hockey for pre-puberty children
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
The teenager manual  : practical advice for all parents
Crack of noon : a Zits treasury
The bonds of friendship
How will I grow?
Finnish summary.
Leptin in puberty : [commentary]
Adolescence : the crisis of adjustment
Dr Christian's guide to growing up : boys' and girls' questions answered by tv's favourite doctor
30 ways in 30 days to save your family
Ready, set, grow! : a "what's happening to my body?" book for younger girls
Year book. 1986-1987
Prince of Dorkness
American dervish
Teenagers : what every parent has to know
The death of bees
Rude, crude, and tattooed
Let's talk about sex : growing up, changing bodies, sex and sexual health
Get out of my life - but first take me and Alex into town
Summary in Estonian.
What can parents do? : new insights into the role of parents in adolescent problem behavior
The heroines : a novel
Does anyone round here ever listen?
At the threshold : the developing adolescent
Raising our children, raising ourselves
The Devil's Angel
Bone growth in pubertal girls : cross-sectional and longitudinal investigation of the association of sex hormones, physical activity, body composition, and muscle strength with bone mass and geometry
Wolf hollow : a novel
Troubles of children and adolescents
Zits, glitz & body bits : every girl's guide to growing up from bodies and beauty to boys
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Diary of Dorkius Maximus
Love in the time of contempt : consolations for parents of teenagers
Adolescence : its social psychology: with an introduction to recent findings from the fields of anthropology, physiology, medicine, psychometrics and sociometry
Follow up of growth and steroids in premature adrenarche
Girl, 16 : pants on fire
Where has my little girl gone? : how to protect your daughter from growing up too soon
Senior Will Caynes must face unsettling feelings for his best friend Angus after they share a drunken kiss, while also embarking on his first real relationship with sophomore Brandy--all as the burden of home-life troubles weigh heavily / Library off Congress.
Cut both ways
Busted!
Thrashed
The little friend
Lust and other uses for spare hormones : a Zits look at relationships
A-Z of growing up, puberty and sex
Inside the teenage brain : parenting a work in progress
Girl nearly 16 : absolute torture
Using a mix of the latest theory on boys, men and masculinities and candid accounts of classroom-based practice in an inner-city school, Challenging Macho Values examines the hidden problem of what is happening to our adolescent boys today - why they are disruptive, damaging to themselves and others, and underachieving. In this book, Salisbury and Jackson challenge the culture of aggressive manliness within which most boys have grown up. They believe that boys aren't driven to violence because of boredom or because 'boys will be boys'. Rather, boys as well as men are being affected by a loss of purpose and direction as the familiar face of men's working and home roles are crumbling. Boys are entering a shifting world of much greater uncertainty and in this collapsing world many boys and young men are feeling lost and confused.
Relation of physical activity and sex steroid hormones to total body bone area and mass in premenarcheal girls
Effects of maturation and physical activity on muscle mass and strength in prepubertal girls during two-year follow-up
Zombie parents and other hopes for a more perfect world
What's going on down there? : answer to questions boys find hard to ask
My so-called life : the tragically normal diary of Rachel Riley
The 7 habits of highly effective teens : the ultimate teenage success guide
Parent/teen breakthrough : the relationship approach
The good people
Sex, snogs, dates and mates
Avril Lavigne's make 5 wishes. volume 2
Big honkin' Zits : a Zits' treasury
Shoulder-a-Coffin Kuro. Volume 2
Unzipped : a toolkit for life
Advances in adolescent mental health : a research-practice annual. Vol. 1, Mental health disorders in adolescence : part B
Hormonal events during female puberty in relation to breast cancer risk
Lady : my life as a bitch
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
All I know now : wonderings and reflections on growing up gracefully
Advances in adolescent mental health : a research-practice annual. Vol. 1, Mental health disorders in adolescence : part A
European country clusters of transition to adulthood
You and your tween : managing the years from 9 to 13
The relation of lysine hydroxylation and glycosylation in collagen type I to bone properties at puberty
Me, myself and I : all about sex and puberty
Sex ed. : how to talk to your kids about sex
Sex explained : honest answers to questions about guys & girls, your changing body, and what really happens during sex
Transgenderism and intersexuality in childhood and adolescence : making choices
Physical activity, ecological system model determinants and physical self-perception profile in early adolescence
Challenging macho values : practical ways of working with adolescent boys
Treatment of prepubertal gonadotrophin-deficient boys with recombinant human follicle-stimulating hormone
The wimpy vampire strikes back
The 7 habits of highly effective teens : workbook
The role of luteinizing hormone-beta gene polymorpism in the onset and progression of puberty in healthy boys
Girl stuff : your full-on guide to the teen years
Jeremy and mom : a Zits retrospective you should definitely buy for your mom
Iron status of children with short stature during accelerated growth due to growth hormone treatment
Too cool to be forgotten
My Family and Other Freaks
Growing up for girls
Age of opportunity : lessons from the new science of adolescence
Have you started yet? : you and your period : getting the facts straight
Who do you think you are?
Self-control at the heart of successful development
The adolescent years : social influences and educational challenges
Endocrine indices of female pubertal development and maturation of the menstrual cycle
Sex, puberty and all that stuff : a guide to qrowing up
But dad! : a survival guide for single fathers of tween and teen daughters
Setting limits with your strong-willed teen : eliminating conflict by establishing clear, firm, and respectful boundaries
Adolescence : the farewell to childhood
You're teaching my child what? : a physician exposes the lies of sex education and how they harm your child
Dr Christian's guide to growing up : boys' & girls' questions answered by tv's favourite doctor
Twenty-four-hour profiles of lutenizing hormone, follicle-stimulating hormone, testosterone, and estradiol levels: a semilongitudinal study throughout puberty in healthy boys
Humongous Zits : a Zits' treasury
Adolescent gynecology and endocrinology : basic and clinical aspects
Developmental psychology and you
Shoulder-a-Coffin Kuro. Volume 1
Pierced : a Zits close-up
The adolescent years : social influences and educational challenges : ninety-seventh yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 1
The sexual revolution : toward a self-regulating character structure
Summary.
Puberty from bench to clinic : lessons for clinical management of pubertal disorders
Back to life : the Rachel Riley diaries
Biphasic increase in serum inhibin B during puberty : a longitudinal study of healthy Finnish boys
Development of iron status and response to iron medication in pubertal boys
Parenting is child's play : the teenage years
Party disaster!
Untangled : guiding teenage girls through the seven transitions into adulthood
Banish your body image thief : a cognitive behavioural therapy workbook on building positive body image for young people
Understanding teenage girls : culture, identity, and schooling
Avril Lavigne's make 5 wishes. volume 1
The smart girl's guide to growing up
My bad : a Zits treasury
Moods and feelings
Wolf hollow / Lauren Wolk
It's ugly out there!
Photoperiodism in pigs : studies on timing of male puberty and melatonin
More adoption conversations : what, when and how to tell
Sensitive immunoassay and in vitro bioassay demonstrate constant bioactive/immunoreactive ratio of luteinizing hormone in healthy boys during the pubertal maturation
Everything you ever wanted to ask about .. periods
Parental support, psychological control, and behavioral control : assessing relevance across time, culture, and method
Adolescent nutritional disorders : prevention and treatment
Road trip!
Pubertal maturation and changes in self-image in early adolescent finnish boys
Increase in first morning voided urinary luteinizing hormone levels precedes the physical onset of puberty
Don't roll your eyes at me, young man
Triple shot, double-pump, no whip : a Zits treasury
What's happening to me?
