http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15527 science fiction (literature)
science fiction (literature)
Of time and stars
To your scattered bodies go
The dominion war. Book one, Behind enemy lines
Children of Dune
The hydrogen sonata
All tomorrow's parties
The rise of Endymion
Rainbow Mars
The war of the worlds
"In book two of the fast-paced Icarus Corps series, the team wages war on the Conglomeration--and this battle may be the final one.  The rapacious Confederation has taken their war to our solar system.  Now that the human and PAC forces won a decisive battle on the moon, they need to try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed and The Icarus Corps is once again on the front line.  Book two in The Icarus Corps, Titan's Fall continues Devin's adventures as he wards off a fierce race of alien conquerors"--
Steaming into a Victorian future : a steampunk anthology
The last theorem
Light
Ender's world : fresh perspectives on the SF classic Ender's Game
Four : Divergent stories : The Transfer; The Initiate; The Son; The Traitor
Wool
The city and the stars
InterWorld
The drought
Evening's empires
The planets
The Passage
Mind games
The mandalorian armor
The evolutionary void
UnDivided
A clockwork orange
Conservation of shadows
The martian chronicles
The lost world & other stories
Chthon
Seeds of earth
Memory boy
The space merchants
Trigger warning : short fictions and disturbances
Alternative discourses in science fiction: human cloning in Glory Season (1993) by David Brin
The rift uprising
The Stainless Steel Rat
Prelude to foundation
Collection of 26 tales of high adventure through Victorian and Edwardian eras
Gold fame citrus
The Atlantis plague
Traitor to the living
Ready player one
The Bees : a novel
The subtle knife
Fear
The lost fleet. 1, Dauntless
The amber spyglass
Saga of lost earths and The star mill
The importance of science fiction to undergraduate literary studies cannot be underestimated. Its capacity to challenge students' social, political and cultural perspectives makes it invaluable in highlighting the contingent nature of contemporary society and the potential for change. Teaching Science Fiction is the first book in thirty years to address how science fiction might be taught to this effect. It presents comprehensive treatments of the major phases in the development of the genre including the scientific romance, Golden Age science fiction, the New Wave and science fiction's engagement with the postmodern. The book identifies and explores innovative teaching strategies which will both engage and challenge students whilst providing practical advice on how an sf course can be designed, delivered and evaluated. Sample syllabuses, a detailed chronology, a compact history of the genre and an extensive bibliography make this an invaluable guide for anyone teaching, or considering teaching, science fiction at undergraduate level.
The divine invasion
The Maze Runner series complete collection
Foundation & empire
The Stainless Steel Rat's revenge
The algebraist
Other worlds
Encyclopedia of science fiction
"The rapacious Conglomeration has taken their war with the more benevolent Accordance to our solar system. Having won a decisive battle on the moon, the human Colonial Protective Forces and PAC fleet try to head off the coming armada before their overpowering strength is amassed as CPF is once again on a front line that keeps moving. Outgunned but not beat, Devlin, Ken and Amira desperately search for a solution to a crumbling campaign to holt the Conglomeration while exploiting the PAC's need for soldiers to raise humanity's stature within the PAC. This is book two in The Icarus Corps"--
When the floods came
Across the universe
Nine's legacy : I am number four: the lost files
Star wars : Adventures in wild space. The cold
Slaughter-house five
War of honor
Perfect lies
The Calling
The Martian
Fool's run
The hitch hiker's guide to the galaxy
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
A man lies dreaming
The liminal war
The steampunk megapack : 26 modern and classic steampunk stories
God emperor of dune
The trials
The death of grass
The temporal void
Until the beginning
Second Foundation
UnSouled
Hothouse
The eye of the heron
Jack the bodiless
The caves of steel
Thirdspace : by Perer David
The white rose
The eye of minds
Children of the mind
Armies of light and dark
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
Shards and ashes
Wolfbane
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
Stealing light
Glorious angels
The man in the high castle
The World in Winter
The dreaming void
Journey to the center of the earth
Every boy should have a man
Armageddon : the musical
The railway children
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
The bridge
The reformer
Perelandra : [voyage to Venus]
The jewel
Station eleven : a novel
Fifty key figures in science fiction
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
Halo : The Flood
Empire of light
The Einstein intersection
Speaker for the dead
The handmaid's tale
UnWholly
Titan's fall
Crown of slaves
Once
Shades of earth
Halo : The Fall of reach
The lost fleet. 2, Fearless
The shift omnibus
The orphaned worlds
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
The stars my destination
The atlantis world
Eternity's wheel
Through the ever night
The hostage
Three early novels
The age of miracles : a novel
The hunger games and philosophy : a critique of pure treason
AGAINST THE FALL OF NIGHT. BEYOND THE FALL OF.
Do androids dream of electric sheep?
Absorption
Specials
Physics and metaphysics in the Hitchhiker Series (1979-1992) by Douglas Adams
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Chapter House Dune
Shadow of the giant
River of gods
The rescue
The Demi-Monde. Winter
The infinite sea
Teaching science fiction
