http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15553 insurance companies
insurance companies
Sampo industrial insurance extra : journal on risk management
Insurance regulation and supervision in Asia and Latin America
Policy issues in insurance : investment, taxation, insolvency
Insured homes as the foundation of society : private insurance and everyday economics in Finland during the 1950s
This thesis includes a research made on user satisfaction on the webpage www.pohjola.fi. The research focused especially on the private customers̕ part on the site. The scope of the research included the private customers and employees of Pohjola Insurance. There has been a research on the user satisfaction made on the website for many years. The research was made in the fall of 2008 again. The thesis focuses on comparing the results of 2008 with the results of 2004, 2005 and 2007. The objective of the thesis was to provide the service development unit with information on the users̕ opinions, and also concrete points to develop in the future. There were two target groups in the research, the customers and the employees. The different target groups had different questions. The two queries were placed in two different websites. Quantitative approach was used in the research. The research was conducted in November-December, 2008. The customer query results were compared with the prior researches mentioned above. The employee query results were compared to the customer query results from 2008. The conclusion was that development work is needed on the website, and there were recom-mendations for the development work presented. Also there were suggestions on how to make the queries even better and more comparable in the future. It was also suggested that a new research be made on the most urgent themes that came up in the analysis.
Sampo industrial insurance : journal on loss prevention and insurance
Atiyah's Accidents, compensation and the law
The Rainmaker
Russian insurance industry and its future challenges
Bonds allocation in Finland
Value relevance of fair values among global insurers and reinsures
Finding the most preferred alliance structure between banks and insurance companies from a supervisory point of view
Insurance regulation and supervision in Latin America : a comparative assessment
Mandatum Life : living the brand
Summary (s.9-19).
Abstract: Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Varma : customer magazine for entrepreneurs
Do bank and insurance companies emphasise personnel security more than other business?
EC competition law : banking and insurance services
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2003
Taking advantage of digital through digital customer experience management : case of Finnish banking and insurance companies
Protection and indemnity
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Making a market for acts of God : the practice of risk-trading in the global reinsurance industry
Captive insurance companies : establishment, operation and management
Hazard unlimited : the story of Lloyd's of London
STRATEGIES FOR SMALL- AND MEDIUM-SIZED COMPANIES IN CHINESE INSURANCE INDUSTRY
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2001
Implementing organizational strategy : case
Ships that go bump in the night
Sampo newsletter : staff magazine of the Sampo Group
Industrial economics studies in insurance markets
Insurance companies as major investors are a potential source of systemic risk
Customer satisfaction Case: National Life Insurance Company Limited, Khulna Branch
Reinsurance : a fascinating venture, 1882-1957-1982
Household indebtedness is high in the Nordic countries. Housing loans are a significant part of banks' business, and covered bonds are important for banks both as sources of funding and as investments. The large size of the Nordic banking sector, its high degree of concentration and its interconnectedness with insurance companies increase the importance of housing market-related risks for the financial system and the economy as a whole. The materialisation of threats would increase losses in lending and investment activities and the cost of funding..
Comparison of Loan Insurances
The crisis in insurance regulation
Damages for non-pecuniary loss in a comparative perspective
Operational risk management in Finnish insurance companies : case: company X
Reforming the insurance market in Russia
Anchor and balance : det norske Veritas 1864-1989
The report of the Working Group on Insurance Companies' Solvency : life insurance
Marketing of Insurance Products in Kenya
Insurance solvency supervision : OECD country profiles
In search for the best alliance structure between banks and insurance companies
Building an innovative organization culture : case insurance company X
Lloyd's of London : a portrait
Lloyd's of London
Risk management and insurances : basic concepts
The appeal of insurance
Changes will continue in the insurance industry
Alandia Marine: : co-operation important in preventing accidents at sea
Nordic financial sector vulnerable to housing market risks
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
The enterprise resource planning implementation process : a case study of the insurance application implementation in the Scandinavian countries
Insurance law : doctrines and principles
Risk consulting : If's risk magement journal
The rainmaker
Linkages of financial groups in the European Union : financial conglomeration developments in the old and new member states
Svenska Aktuarieföreningen 1904 - 2004 = The Swedish Society of Actuaries one hundred years
The report of the Life Assurance Solvency Working Group
Banking and insurance in the EC
THE FREQUENT LABOUR TURNOVER IN INSURANCE COMPANIES IN NIGERIA : (Case : Nigerian Insurance sector)
Insult to injury : insurance, fraud, and the big business of bad faith
Towards user satisfaction
Capital adequacy regulation and financial conglomerates
Deregulation of life insurance markets in Finland and consumer decision making
Security for 130 years : Ålands ömsesidiga försäkringsbolag 1866-1996
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2004
Succesful eCommerce drivers for insurance online store
Statutes
Summary (s. 17-23). - Resumé (s. 24-31).
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2002
The financial services revolution : understanding the changing role of banks, mutual funds and insurance companies
"Insurance today is a global economic colossus and a fixture in the developed countries of the world. Dependant upon a considerable dose of moral exhortation and enlightened appeal, the insurance industry has become a pervasive agent of social and economic control through its delineation of acceptable (compensated) and unacceptable (uncompensated) risk.
The Finnish Insurance Companies Act : an English translation
The Finnish leadership style in transition : a study of leadership criteria in the insurance business, 1977-2004
Market- consistent actuarial valuation
Bayesian methods in insurance companies' risk management
Vakuutusyhtiöt = Försäkringsbolagen = The insurance companies. 2000
Alliance strategies in the service sector : an analysis of international alliances of Finnish insurance companies
London Steam-Ship Owners' Mutual Insurance Association Limited : rules of and entries in class 5. - the protecting, class 6. - the idemnity, class 7. - war risks
The process of internal launching of services : Case Sampo
Researching business to business customer satisfaction and loyalty
Tackling insurance fraud : law and practice
Micro insurance and the interface between insurers and insured households : an analysis of the Afat Vimo Partner-Agent Model of micro insurance in Gujarat, India
Insurance supervision in Finland
A century of industry 1890-1990 : the past 100 years of Industrial Mutual and its predecessor companies
Insurance companies promote economic activity by offering savings products and protection against risks. At the same time, insurance companies themselves are also investors. The reliability of insurance business is important for the economy as a whole. The low level of interest rates weakens insurance companies' investment returns and increases the market value of liabilities in the sector; when protracted, this poses problems, particularly for life insurers. Systemic risks in the insurance business have begun to attract attention, especially in consideration of insurance companies' importance as significant institutional investors..
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Internationalization of the Finnish financial service sector
The Appeal of Insurance traces the ways in which insurance, over the past three centuries, has grown in concert with a clientele largely of its own making. Drawing on the fields of history, sociology, criminology and economics, these essays break new ground in insurance studies by illuminating the dialectical relationship between the expansion of the insurance business and the public demand for economic and social security."--pub. desc.
Innovations and institutions : an institutional perspective on the innovative efforts of banks and insurance companies
The Alandia Group 1938-1988
Evaluating the profitability of insurance portfolio transfers in non-life property and casualty insurance
Liberalisation of international insurance operations : cross-border trade and establishment of foreign branches = Libéraliser les opérations internationales d'assurance : les échanges transfrontières et l'établissement de succursales étrangères
Foreign fire insurance activity in Finland from mid-nineteenth century to World War I
Evolution of information systems : evaluation practices : a case of a large Finnish insurance company
Regulations
Institutional investors in Latin America
