http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15569 land value
land value
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
Cultivating rural amenities : an economic development perspective
Land value taxation : can it and will it work today?
Wilderness benchmark 1988 : proceedings of the national wilderness colloquium Tampa, Florida, Jan. 13-14, 1988
Farm appraisal and valuation
Why the West is best : a Muslim apostate's defense of liberal democracy
Gender equality and occupational segregation in Nordic labour markets
Bubbles, fads and random walks in the Nordic stock markets
A slant of light : a novel
Gender and equality as quality in school and teacher education : the final report from the 3-year Nordic project on gender and equal opportunities in teacher education
Gender equality - the Nordic model : [a common Nordic report to the Fourth World Conference on Women 1995]
Impact of afforestation on scenic beauty of rural landscapes in West Finland
Equal opportunities for women and men in the European Union : annual report 1998
Governing land for women and men : a technical guide to support the achievement of responsible gender-equitable governance of land tenure
Third world education : quality and equality
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Nordic moral climates : value continuities and discontinuities in Denmark, Finland, Norway, and Sweden
Women and decision-making in the judiciary in the European Union
The Nordic model of gender equality : the welfare state, partiarchy and unfinished emancipation
Frontier markets account for 15 percent of global GDP, yet global investors largely ignore them. Fueled by access to technology and information, these markets are emerging even faster than their predecessors, making them an essential component of a globally diversified portfolio. In Frontier Investor, Marko Dimitrijevic makes the case for their inclusion, arguing&#x0097;through a diverse set of case studies&#x0097;that it is possible if not wise to make informed investing decisions about these unfamiliar and undervalued markets. Markets that were considered exotic two decades ago&#x0097;China, India, South Africa, and Russia&#x0097;are today's mainstream. Dimitrijevic begins with an analysis of how this came to be and looks at the markets that are poised to follow a similar path. He then details a strategy for how and where to invest directly or indirectly for those with limited access but who still wish to profit from emerging market growth. Dimitrijevic covers the political and other risks of taking advantage of these opportunities and the megatrends that may provide new options and open up new countries, such as Cuba and Iran, to exponential growth.
Price and volatility spillovers in Scandinavian stock markets
Inequality, growth, and poverty in an era of liberalization and globalization
Land as a financial asset: studies in theoretical and real trends
Basic values of Western civilization
The Western Civilising Process : Prevalent Values, Justifications and Methods
Agricultural value chain finance : tools and lessons
Investment banking in Europe : restructuring for the 1990s. Ingo Walther and Roy C. Smith
Values affect humans' perception of situations and problems and guide our actions. The objective of this study was to explore the values of dairy farmers, and whether their values influenced their decisions to maintain dairy farming or to buy consultancy services. During late fall 2007 we visited and interviewed 90 farmers. First we did a qualitative analysis of the data and then we merged the interview data with the existing database of financial data from the year 2007 to do statistical analyses. We also checked whether the farmers still produced milk in 2013, six years after the interviews.  Most farmers had terminal values like keeping up the tradition and to have an interesting work. Value combinations with instrumental values such as to earn money and to produce milk were common. Realizing that many farmers prioritize terminal values over instrumental values has important consequences for dairy companies, dairy consultants and politicians.
The Euro and portfolio choices : a Nordic perspective
Land and society in Edwardian Britain
Land-value taxation : the equitable and efficient source of public finance
Value management as a key success of a company : case study of Keski-Pohjanmaan Kirjapaino Oy
The influences of buyer and seller characteristics on forest land value
Women in development : Nordic seminar. Part 1, Summary of seminar proceedings
The MiFID revolution
Gender planning and development : theory, practice and training
A roadmap for equality between women and men 2006-2010
Rationality and values in the context of global social change : some theoretical observations on democracy and civil society
The leap to equality : gender and education for all : summary report
Before and after the economic crisis : what implications for the 'European social model'?
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Gender planning is not an end in itself but a means by which women, through a process of empowerment, can emancipate themselves. Ultimately, its success depends on the capacity of women's organizations to confront subordination and create successful alliances which will provide constructive support in negotiating women's needs at the level of household, civil society, the state and the global system. Gender Planning and Developmentprovides an introduction to an issue of primary importance and constant debate. It will be essential reading for academics, practitioners, undergraduates and trainees in anthropology, development studies, women's studies and social policy.
Air force badges and insignia of world war 2
Securities Clearing and Settlement on Ghana Stock Exchange : A Study of an Emerging Stock Market
An empirical comparison of linear and nonlinear volatility models for Nordic stock returns
Agri-food commodity chains and globalising networks
Determination of the capitalized and market values of supplementary arable land in southern Finland, 1972-1986
International linkages of the Nordic stock markets
Dairy farmers' values and how their values affect their decision
Summary (s. 7-9).
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Women in academia : a Nordic perspective : proceedings from the conference in Oslo 7th-9th May 2001
Summary (s. 95-100).
Agriculture, change and human values : proceedings of a multidisciplinary conference, October 18-21, 1982
Equal opportunities for women and men : European Community acts
Innovation effects in the Nordic stock markets
Abstract in English.
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Economic value of recreational fisheries in the Nordic countries
We, in the West in general, and the United States in particular, have witnessed over the last twenty years a slow erosion of our civilizational self-confidence. Under the influence of intellectuals and academics in Western universities, intellectuals such as Gore Vidal, Susan Sontag, Edward Said, and Noam Chomsky, and destructive intellectual fashions such as post-modernism, moral relativism, and multiculturalism, the West has lost all self-confidence in its own values, and seems incapable and unwilling to defend those values. By contrast, resurgent Islam, in all its forms, is supremely confident, and is able to exploit the West's moral weakness and cultural confusion to demand ever more concessions from her. The growing political and demographic power of Muslim communities in the West, aided and abetted by Western apologists of Islam, not to mention a compliant, pro-Islamic US Administration, has resulted in an ever-increasing demand for the implementation of Islamic law - the Sharia - into the fabric of Western law, and Western constitutions. There is an urgent need to examine why the Sharia is totally incompatible with Human Rights and the US Constitution. This book, the first of its kind, proposes to examine the Sharia and its potential and actual threat to democratic principles. This book defines and defends Western values, strengths and freedoms often taken for granted. This book also tackles the taboo subjects of racism in Asian culture, Arab slavery, and Islamic Imperialism. It begins with a homage to New York City, as a metaphor for all we hold dear in Western culture - pluralism, individualism, freedom of expression and thought, the complete freedom to pursue life, liberty and happiness unhampered by totalitarian regimes, and theocratic doctrines.
Women and men in the Nordic Countries : facts on equal opportunities yesterday, today and tomorrow
Scandinavian men and women : a welfare comparison
Improving gender equity in access to land
Testing for common autocorrelation features between two Scandinavian stock markets
The core of the sun
Agricultural policy uncertainty and anticipatory farm level adjustment : the case of direct payments and incentives for farmland investment
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Summary (s. 9-11).
Global stock markets and portfolio management
Forest rotation periods and land values under borrowing constraint
Frontier Investor : How to Prosper in the Next Emerging Markets
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Global governance and democracy : democratization of global governance processes
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Enhancing the competitiveness and risk-efficiency of farm assets through holding farm/financial asset portfolios
EU annual report on human rights 2008
Nordic forest sector values : a cognitive mapping
Towards the definition of philosophy : with a transcript of the lecture course "On the nature of the university and academic study"
Rethinking Nordic Added Value in Research
Nordic stock markets and the financial integration
Equal opportunities for women and men in the European Union : annual report 1996
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
The Europeanization of gender equality policies : a discursive-sociological approach
Education and equity in OECD countries
The returns to investment in agricultural research in Finland 1950-1984
National atlas of Sweden. Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Nordic views on equality
The boom and the bubble : the US in the world economy
Women, agricultural intensification, and household food security : proceedings of the workshop Women, Agricultural Intensification and Household Food Security, held at the Sasakawa Centre, University of Cape Coast, Ghana, 25-28 June 1996
Socioeconomic differences in a rural district in Vietnam : effects on health and use of health services
Women in decision-making : panorama of activities in the framework of the third Medium-term Community Action Programme on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men (1991-95) : the European expert network 'Women in Decision-making'
FAO Policy on Gender Equality : attaining food security goals in agriculture and rural development
Case study of Finnish, American and Finnish immigrants' values
The sense of the world
Human rights in Asia : a reassessment of the Asian values debate
