http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15555 wage formation
wage formation
Creating effective teaching and learning environments : first results from TALIS
Economics of wage differentials and public sector labour markets
Wages, prices, profits and productivity : background papers and the final report of the Fifteenth American Assembly, Arden House, Harriman Campus of Columbia Univ., Harriman, N.Y., April 30-May 3, 1959.
Occupational welfare : winners and losers
Intangible capital and wages : an analysis of wage gaps across occupations and genders in Czech Republic, Finland and Norway
Executive summary (s. 7).
Micro-components of aggregate wage dynamics
Essays in empirical labour economics : family background, gender and earnings
Wage formation, labour market institutions and economic transformation in Sweden 1860-2000
Wage determination in the public sector : a France/Italy comparison
Essays on human capital development, wage dynamics and religious participation
Reward management : a critical text
Human capital and wage formation
Unobserved human capital and firm-size premium
"Common sense, economics and "HR": how to pay Billions of people throughout the world are paid for their work. This book was written to demonstrate why they earn what they earn and, in doing so, to help them understand how they can earn more in the short-run and even more in the longer-run. There are many ways pay is determined across a wide variety of organizations from for-profit firms, to nonprofit organizations, to government agencies. By the time you finish reading this book, you will know how a well-run organization takes its overall strategy and converts that into a system for properly paying people. Then, you can apply the lessons in the book to your own organization and take actions that can lead you to earn more"--
From creative destruction to human capital growth : wage dispersion effects in Finland
Structural change, wage formation and economic growth in low-income countries
Explaining the desire for local bargaining : evidence from a Finnish survey of employers and employees
Institutions and wage formation in the new Europe
Collective bargaining and wage formation : performance and challenges
Comment on Steinar Holden's paper
Wage formation and gender wage gaps : the changing role of human capital in the Finnish technology industry
The Finnish EMU buffers and the labour market under asymmetric shocks
Wage formation and the economy
Reflections of systemic justice? : employees' and supervisors' experiences of injustice in the performance appraisal and merit pay context
English abstract.
Strategic reward : implementing more effective reward management
Shaping pay in Europe : a stakeholder approach
Essays on taxes and wage formation
Pay : why people earn what they earn and what you can do now to make more
A handbook of employee reward management and practice
Improving competitiveness of industry
Essays in labor economics and consumer behavior
Subsidizing vs. experience rating of unemployment insurance in unionized labor markets
Abstract (1 s.).
Wage formation in Finland
Progressive taxation under centralised wage setting
Essays on the financing of unemployment benefits
Introduction and summary (s. 1-8).
