http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15563 village schools
village schools
Teachers' views of multigrade classes : Estonian case
Abstract: Cross-evaluation Reports of the Degree Programmes in Automation  Technology, Software Engineering, and Information Technology.
The little village school
Alvar Aalto architect. [Volume 16], Jyväskylä University, 1951-71
Mister teacher : the alternative school logbook 1978-1979
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
At JAMK University of Applied Sciences, guidance has a symbiotic relationship with the strategic goals of the university, curriculum reform and various structural arrangements enabling learning. The Guidance 2013 document describes the guidance objectives, development targets and system of the JAMK University of Applied Sciences as well as the tasks and responsibilities of its various actors as part of comprehensive guidance activities.
Creating a foundation for international alumni networks in the finnish universities  of applied sciences : case: JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Silent night : the alternative school logbook 1984-1985
Learning and teaching through English at the University of Jyväskylä : project report from Jyväskylä University Language Centre
Waiting for Gonzo
Part-time work, part-time studies : the effects of working alongside studying at the Department of Languages in the University of Jyväskylä
A manual for cabin village establishers
School's out : the alternative school logbook 1983-1984
How students' voice can be heard in the Finnish context : the case of primary, lower secondary and upper secondary schools in Jyväskylä
What is the future of village schools? : a case study on the life cycle of a school in Northern Finland
I believe in unicorns
A lesson in love : a little village school novel
Developing ideas for the curriculum in facility management : competences and future prospects
Guidance 2013 : guidance system in JAMK University of Applied Sciences
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing = cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
Rahkosenpuron kunnostus Lanneveden koululla = Restoring Rahkonen Brook at the Lannevesi School = Restaurering av Rahkosenpuro-bäcken vid Lannevesi skola
University of Jyväskylä's international guides. Guide for foreign applicants for the academic year ..
Learning to leave : the irony of schooling in a coastal community
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Sustainable small schools : a handbook for rural communities
The Guidance 2013 document describes the guidance objectives, development targets and system of the JAMK University of Applied Sciences as well as the tasks and responsibilities of its various actors as part of comprehensive guidance activities.
Polytechnics and universities, similar or different? : views of four polytechnic graduates studying at the university
Towards new learning : University of Jyväskylä Teacher Training School : 150 years of developing school
Making changes in school policies and practices : curriculum change and its effect on school culture in one small rural school in Finland
We don't teach - we coach: Team Academy in Finland - a new learning  environment
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
Abstract in English.
Alvar Aalto architect. Volume 16, Jyväskylä University 1951–71
Summary.
Developing of Flash MX based remote monitoring application for mobile devices
Abstract: Professional specialization studies - case International Tourism and Travel Management 2003-2004.
Matkalla monikulttuuriseen hoitotyöhön : koulutusohjelman ristiinarviointiraportti = Towards multicultural nursing : cross-evaluation report of a degree programme
The effective communicator: a teacher's material package for students of the University of Applied Sciences
Handbook for international students
Village teacher! : the alternative school logbook, 1980-1981
Evaluation of the University of Jyväskylä : report of external visiting group
Educating Jack : the alternative school logbook 1982-1983
The role of art and craft in Namibian primary schools
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
The evolution of scientific computing and its impacts on innovations : a case study of the developments in the Jyväskylä region, Central Finland, 1960-2010
Developing music management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in music management
The rural community and the small school
Teacher, teacher! : the alternative school logbook 1977-1978
Village teacher : the alternative shcool logbook 1980-1981
Please Sir! : the alternative school logbook 1981-1982
A study of the experiences of international students in obtaining training placements in Central Finland
Evaluation of the University of Oulu : report of external visiting group
Abstract: Development of pre-education in small schools.
Studying vapaa säestys through English in a CLIL teaching experiment : content and language learning experiences of JAMK music students
Trouble at the little village school
Koulutustuotokset peruskoulun ala-asteella yhteisömuuttujien selittäminä = Educational outcomes at the lower level of the light of ecological variables
Audit of JAMK University of applied sciences 2013
Jubilee summer 2005 of the Arctic Circle: Roosevelt Cabin ́s 55th and Santa Claus Village ́́s 20th anniversaries
Star teacher : the alternative school logbook 1985-1986
Dear teacher : the alternative school logbook 1979-1980
The school inspector calls!
Constructing school knowledge : an ethnography of learning in an Indian village
Smashing potatoes : challenging student agency as utterances
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
History and Hungarian studies at the University of Jyväskylä
Abstract: Developing of Flash MX based remote monitoring application for mobile devices.
Ammatilliset erikoistumisopinnot : tapausesimerkkinä International Tourism and Travel Management 2003-2004
Jyväskylän yliopiston vuosi 2015 = University of Jyväskylä 2015
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Institute of Pedagogics, Jyväskylä 1934-1959
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
