http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15594 Swedes
Swedes Swedish people
A community transplanted : the trans-Atlantic experience of a Swedish immigrant settlement in the Upper Middle West, 1835-1915
Swedish students at the University of Leipzig in the Middle Ages : careers, books, and teaching
Sculptor's daughter : a childhood memoir
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Swedes in Chicago : a demographic and social study of the 1846-1880 immigration
The Swedes in Australia. Volume 1-. Colonial Australia, 1788-1900
The long shadow
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Previous research concerned with the Finnish-Swedish mortality differential in Finland tends to have overlooked the fact that many Finnish speakers who live in the same coastal area as the Swedish speakers originate from parts of the country with high death rates. Using an extract from Statistics Finlands longitudinal employment statistics ? le, we ? nd that geographical extraction is an important factor underlying variation in both mortality and disability retirement in working-aged people. Finnish speakers born in eastern and northern Finland have substantially poorer health than those originating from western Finland. It is consequently not suf? cient to restrict analyses only by present region of residence. Still, there remains a between-group health differential also in people born in the coastal area, which suggests that health behaviors and risk factors could be relevant.  .
The centennial of S.A. Andrée's North Pole expedition : proceedings of a conference on S.A. Andrée and the agenda for social science research of the polar regions
Swedishness
Testing English collocations : developing receptive tests for use with advanced Swedish learners
New Sweden historical exhibit 1638-1938 : official catalog
"Hej Seppo, could you pls comment on this!" : internal email communication in lingua franca English in a multinational company
Looking west : three essays on Swedish-American life
"Focused on the beginnings of the traditional Scandinavian Midsummer celebration and the spring-to-summer seasonal festivities in the Rocky Mountain West during the height of Swedish immigration. Combines folklore and history, to explore various ways Midsummer-related celebrations blended with the American 4th of July and the Mormon Latter Day Saint Pioneer Day on July 24th"--
In the forge of Stalin : Swedish colonists of Ukraine in totalitarian experiments of the Twentieth Century
Adenylate kinase polymorphism in populations in Finland (Swedes, Finns, Lapps), in Maris, and in Greenland Eskimos
In search of an order : mutual representations in Sweden and Russia during the early Age of Reason
The search for ancestors : a Swedish-American family saga
Language - mirror of culture : a case study on language socialization with Finns living in Finland and Sweden, and Swedes living in Sweden
A northern science
Bishop Thomas in recent historiography : views and sources
Breaking the pot : contextual responses to survivial issues in Malaysian churches
From Sweden to America : a history of the migration
Living on another shore : early Scandinavian settlement on the North-Western Estonian coast
Xenophobe's guide to the Swedes
Brand image of Tallink Silja Line rewiewd by swedish customers
A folk divided : homeland Swedes and Swedish Americans, 1840-1940
The minotaur
Swedes in the Twin Cities : Immigrant Life and Minnesota's Urban Frontier
The Augustana story : shaping Lutheran identity in North America
Sweden's relations with Nazism, Nazi Germany and the Holocaust : a survey of research
Strindberg and modernist theatre : post-inferno drama on the stage
Identity transformations in Sweden
Swedes in North America, 1638-1988 : technical, cultural, and political achievements
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
Swedish-American life in Chicago : cultural and urban aspects of an immigrant people, 1850-1930
Building traditions among Swedish settlers in rural Minnesota : material culture - reflecting persistence or decline of traditions
Sexual life in Sweden
Brand image : the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line
The image of Finland as a culturally and ethnically homogeneous nation is erroneous. The country's "old minorities" include the Swedish-speakers, the indigenous Sami, and the Romani. Several smaller ethno-cultural and religious groups have resided in Finland since the nineteenth century. Increasing immigration is now further diversifying Finland. Many of the old and new minorities have clearly-defined regional hearths, as do many distinctive segments of the majority culture. This article provides an overview of Finland's three largest minorities, religions, foodways, the new immigration, and the recent English-language sources available on these topics. The discussion emphasizes the new understanding of the country's ethno-cultural make-up and political, legal, and social challenges that have followed the recent change.
Empirical essays on health and human capital
Equity and excellence : evidence for policy formulation to reduce the difference in PISA performance between Swedish speaking and Finnish speaking students in Finland
Finland-Swedes in Canada : discovering some unknown Finnish facts
Swedish passenger arrivals in New York 1820-1850
Education and colonialism : Swedish schooling projects in colonial areas, 1638-1878
Up in the Rocky Mountains : writing the Swedish immigrant experience
Tourism at the Finnish-Swedish-Norwegian borders
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Revisiting the Turkish migration to Germany after forty years
Baltic Sea region history : awareness among youth, national syllabi, and education
Recruitment of Swedish immigrants to Soviet Karelia
The journals of Eric Norelius : a Swedish missionary on the American frontier
Studia historia Upsaliensia. 74, From Sweden to America : A history of the migration. A collective work of the Uppsala migration research project
Ethnicity and mobility : description of a project
Swedes as others see them : facts, mynths or a communication complex?
The influence of language typology and markedness on second language acquisition
Estonian Swedish ethnic survival : examples from Nuckö in the interwar period
Peasant life in Sweden
Swedes on holiday : social aspects of vacation travel
Swedish and Finnish habitat and temperament
American immigrant leaders 1800-1910 : marginality and identity
The old country and the new : essays on Swedes and America
[Review]
Swedish mentality
The ice balloon : one man's dramatic attempt to discover the North Pole by balloon
The image of Lithuania as a tourism destination - perceptions of the Swedish people
Letters from the promised land : Swedes in America, 1840-1914
The xenophobe's guide to the Swedes
Mentally rural Swedes
Stereotypes among Finns in Sweden : the character of Finns versus Swedes
The primary purpose of this research is to identify the image of Lithuania as a tourism destination. Baltic tourism has gone through substantial transformations and incredible improvements in quality and variety of the products during the last decade. The demand obviously exists to evaluate that development and draw conclusions as how really noticeable it is outside of the Baltic countries and, namely, Lithuania. Lithuania is still a rather new destination in the tourism market. Marketing strategies development and implementation is a relatively new phenomenon in this country. There is a need to asses the image of Lithuania as a tourism destination and understand the strong and weak aspects of the newly-opened country for tourism. The Swedish market represents big potential for the increase of inbound tourism to Lithuania and is therefore worth considerable attention.   The problem of the research is formulated to correspond closely with and fulfil the aim of the research. The literature review provided in this study allows a better understanding of the relative theories, such as marketing communications, corporate image, destination image, functional and psychological attributes, etc. to the topic. The framework is designed with the help of the parent literature and applied in the structured methodology - a questionnaire. The sample group selected for the purpose of this study is Swedish residents who are non-visitors to Lithuania. The research data findings, analysis and conclusions are provided at the end of the study. Finally, the answer to the research problem and the hypothesis concludes the entire study.   This research gives useful information for tourism promoters. It reveals Swedish people's perceptions of Lithuania as a tourism destination. It allows for a more strategically planned approach to the potential tourism market.
Geographical Extraction and the Finnish-Swedish Health Differential in Finland
Swedish students at the University of Vienna in the Middle Ages : careers, books and preaching
Life before eighty : autobiography
Charles E. Nelson, a white Tohunga : the biography of a remarkable navigator, entrepreneur and humanitarian, Sweden and New Zealand 1829-1909 = Te tupuranga korero mo te tahi tino tangata - he kaiwhakawhiti moana, he maia, he ngakau aroha ki nga tangata katoa
Finland-Swedish immigrants in the Scandinavia colony of Manitoba, Canada
The lost Swedish tribe : reapproaching the history of Gammalsvenskby in Ukraine
Novel districts : critical readings of Monika Fagerholm
Pioneer Finns and Swedes of Delaware Valley before William Penn
Christmas in Lindsborg
The religious aspects of Swedish immigration : a study of immigrant churches
Abstract: Brand Image : Reviewing image of Tallink Silja Line (Research focused on target group: the Swedish customers)
Raoul Wallenberg in Budapest : myth, history and Holocaust
Swedish-American colonization in the San Joaquin Valley in California : a study of the acculturation and assimilation of an immigrant group
The expedition : a love story : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Eric Norelius : pioneer Midwest pastor and churchman
Swedish-speakers
The possibility and obstacles of reading sketches as a life
Weaving the ethnic fabric : social networks among Swedish-American radicals in Chicago 1890-1940
Swedish life in American cities
"We are in the Congo now" : Sweden and the trinity of peacekeeping during the Congo crisis 1960-1964
The sweet sound of concord : a study of Swedish learners' concord problems in English
The Swedish Emigrant Institute and the documentation of the transatlantic emigration era : a summary
New Sweden 1638-1938 : being a catalog of rare books and manuscripts relating to the Swedish colonization on the Delaware river
Pole raising and speech making : modalities of Swedish-American summer celebration
The faces of New Sweden : Erik Björk, Christina Stalcop & America's first portrait painter
Modern-day vikings : a practical guide to interacting with the Swedes
Abstract.
Ecclesia Plantanda : Swedishness in colonial America
Swedish speech and popular tradition in America : a report from the Uppsala tape recording expedition 1964
Cultural diversity in Finland
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
The rise and fall of New Sweden : governor Johan Risingh's journal 1654-1655 in its historical context
Swedish-Finnish settlement in New Jersey in the seventeenth century
Colonialism in the margins : cultural encounters in New Sweden and Lapland
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Culture and customs of Sweden
Sweden as a threat to St. Petersburg
The Swedes and Swede-Finns of the Independence Valley (Rochester), Washington area
The aim and objectives of the thesis is to give an understanding and explanation of the customers' role within branding. Brands can be perceived from both the customers' point of view as well as the companies' point of view. However, the approach that brands exist first and foremost in the minds of consumers was applied throughout this thesis. The images customers have of brands should be thoroughly analyzed since consumers' thoughts, feelings and image towards a brand are providing managers with strategically and tactically guidelines to help them make brand decisions. Therefore, to successfully and efficiently manage their brand companies have to encompass a comprehensive understanding of their customers. This thesis studied the Swedish customers' image of the Tallink Silja Line brand. As a result, this thesis was done qualitatively, applying a case-study research approach. Structured interviews were conducted in order to obtain the Swedish customers' image of the brand. A total amount of 50 respondents participated in the study, all of them of Swedish nationality. Keller's brand image model was applied during the actual data collection and analysis process; the strength, favourability and uniqueness of the Swedish customers' associations were brought forth. By using Keller's brand image theory as a frame of reference a descriptive brand image framework of Tallink Silja Line was constructed. According to the findings the Swedish customers' image of Tallink Silja Line is relatively consistent and positive. The associations that were brought into view can be considered as strong and reliable as all of the 50 respondents were familiar with Tallink Silja Line and could relate to their own experiences with the brand.
Soldiers of fortune : Swedish and Danish volunteers in the Estonian Civil War, 1918-1920
Swedish passanger arrivals in the United States 1820-1850
Swedes as others see them : facts, myths or a communication complex?
The 1693 census of the Swedes on the Delaware : family stories of the Swedish Lutheran Church members residing in Pennsylvania, Delaware, West New Jersey & Cecil County, Md. 1638-1693
The creation of an ethnic identity : being Swedish American in the Augustana Synod, 1860-1917
The indigenizations of Swedish and Hungarian elements in Finnish folk dance
The Swedish Texans
Health and disease in early Lund : osteo-pathologic studies of 3,305 individuals buried in the first cemetery area of Lund 990-1536
Becoming Swedish-American : the construction of an ethnic identity in the Augustana Synod, 1860-1917
Swedes in America : intercultural and interethnic perspectives on contemporary research : a report of the symposium Swedes in America: new perspectives
Linguistic influences on health status among 6958 persons, aged 30 and over, living in Finland
New Sweden in documents : 1638 - March 29 - 1988 : exhibition in the Swedish National Archives
