http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15531 facilities for the public
facilities for the public
The Freelancer's Guide to Corporate Event Design is the only book that will get the reader up to speed on the ever-changing and growing industry of corporate production. Written by one of the industry's leading designers, this book uses a candid and straightforward style to illustrate the process of designing a successful event. Learn the fundamentals of venue selection, rigging, lighting, audio, video, and scenic design with informative diagrams and detailed illustrations. This guide will show how to plan, design, and execute events of any size. Additionally, the designer will be armed with a strong knowledge of common mistakes, tips and tricks, and industry standards that will build and train a production team prepared for just about anything.
Sound systems : design and optimization : modern techniques and tools for sound system design and alignment
Experience and conflict : the dialectics of the production of public urban space in the light of new event venues in Helsinki 1993-2003
Wildlife rabies control : proceedings of the International WHO Symposium on "Wildlife Rabies Control", Geneva, 2-5 July 1990 and report of the WHO Seminar on Wildlife Rabies Control, Geneva, 2-5 July 1990
Shivers down your spine : cinema, museums, and the immersive view
Performance analysis : an introductory coursebook
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
Access for disabled people to arts premises : the journey sequence
Schaulager : preserve, study, share / [editor: Bettina Friedli]
Summary: Film viewers' preference in (public) cinemas and (private) homes.
Choreography of the masses : in sport, in the stadium, in a frenzy
Measuring the sportscape of a Finnish hockey stadium
Interrupting the City explores the ways in which artistic practices and interventions constitute the public sphere. To interrupt the city (be it digitally or materially) means to arrest the flow or circulation that the city consists of. The tactics by which this interruption is achieved may vary, ranging from a media offensive to riots in the streets, but each and every time these activities affect the public sphere, also make the public sphere. Thus, the public domain is constituted by a combination of social, political and media forces, in a continuous flux, continuously being interrupted. This book attempts to chart the conditions under which one is able to develop a voice in the public sphere, and to ask in what way these conditions could be altered by means of artistic interventions. Its contributions delve into the relations between artistic practices and the public space, including the various relations between art and politics.
Life of work: what office design can learn from the world around us sets out to make the twenty-first century workplace a more dynamic, engaging, colourful, flexible and inclusive place. Jeremy Myerson and Imogen Privett, from the Royal College of Art in London, looked in some unlikely places for ideas and inspiration? - the academic library, theatre design, pop up events in the city and intensive team environments in air traffic control, emergency medical departments and the newsroom. Working from the position that, whilst the design of most contemporary offices satisfies physical and functional requirements, it seldom supports the psychological comfort and individual needs of the people who use them every working day, Life of Work offers an agenda for change that has significant implications for every level of workplace design and implementation. Based on a major research project between the Helen Hamlyn Centre for Design at the Royal College of Art and two global industry partners, Haworth and Philips Lighting, Life of Work will be of value to anyone who has an interest in architecture or interior design, the politics and management of the working environment, space design and urban planning, as well as furniture design.
Interrupting the city : artistic constitutions of the public sphere
Freelancer's guide to corporate event design : from technology fundamentals to scenic and environmental design
Displacement ventilation in non-industrial premises
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
The open space : theatre as opportunity for living
Museums and the public sphere / Jennifer Barrett
Public sphere by performance
A vulgar art : a new approach to stand-up comedy
Joining in : an anthology of audience participation stories & how to tell them
Abstract.
"Dramatic Spaces explores the effect of traditional theatrical design on the ways in which drama is understood and interpreted. By marrying theater history with literary analysis, and charting subtle shifts in the role of the audience over time, Jennifer Low shows the rich dimensions that can be overlooked when drama is treated solely as text rather than performance. Elements of semiotics, phenomenology, spatial theory, proxemics, theater history, stage design, theories of visual perception combine with case studies from Moholy Nagy to Plautus and Shakespeare to Albee demonstrate the complex relationships between text and spatiality that play such a huge role in an audience's experience"--
Dramatic spaces : scenography and spectatorial perceptions
Bodied spaces : phenomenology and performance in contemporary drama
New lobbies & waiting rooms
Managing sport facilities and major events
Planning for people in museum exhibitions
Metric handbook : planning and design data
Love to (be) places
The immersive worlds handbook : designing theme parks and consumer spaces
Space in performance : making meaning in the theatre
Basics creative photography. 02, Context and narrative
The place of breath in cinema
Museum basics
The manual of museum planning
Gender and space in early modern England
Life of work : what office design can learn from the world around us
The Forest and the Field is a polemical thinking-through of the whole concept of theatre as a 'space', and a politically motivated exploration of how, and where, that theatrical space meets the real world that surrounds and suffuses it. The book begins by demolishing the notion of the 'empty space' and drawing careful and suggestive distinctions between 'space' and 'place'. It moves on to consider how the body - of the actor, or of the spectator - is read within the theatrical encounter, and how meaning is created in the turbulent movement of signs between performer and audience. Finally it interrogates the wider relationship between theatre and its 'outside', culminating in an attempt to answer the familiar question of whether theatre can change the world - and, if it can, how it might.
Social works : performing art, supporting publics / Shannon Jackson
Inside the White Cube : the ideology of the gallery space
Illuminating video : an essential guide to video art / edited by Doug Hall and Sally Jo Fifer ; preface by David Bolt ; foreword by David Ross ; introduction by Doug Hall and Sally Jo Fifer
Events and the environment
From viewing landscapes to landscapes of viewing : situating the viewer in the landscape of contemporary art
The edge of everything : reflections on curatorial practice
Key issues in the arts and entertainment industry
Inside the white cube : the ideology of the gallery space / by Brian O'Doherty ; introduction by Thomas McEvilley
The forest and the field : changing theatre in a changing world
Museum making : narratives, architectures, exhibitions / edited by Suzanne MacLeod, Laura Hourston Hanks and Jonathan Hale
Live architecture : venues, stages, and arenas for popular music
Negotiating proper distance
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
