http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15598 youth authors
youth authors young adult authors
The Continuum encyclopedia of young adult literature
More junior authors
Awakened : a house of night novel
Dork Diaries. Once upon a dork
Pioneer girl : the annotated autobiography
Authors & artists for young adults 1
My Secret Diary
Finnish children's and youth books. 11
Follows the Ingalls family's journey through Kansas, Missouri, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, back to Minnesota, and on to Dakota Territory, examining sixteen years of travels, unforgettable experiences, and the everyday people who became immortal through Wilder's fiction. Using additional manuscripts, letters, photographs, newspapers, and other sources, Wilder biographer Pamela Smith Hill adds context and leads readers through Wilder's growth as a writer.
Finnish children's and youth books VIII
1001 children's books you must read before you grow up
Did I mention I love you?
My secret diary : dating, dancing, dreams and dilemmas
Jacky Daydream : [the story of her childhood]
Yesterday's authors of books for children 2 : facts and pictures about authors and illustrators for young people from early times to 1960
Storyteller : the life of Roald Dahl
The Continuum encyclopedia of children's literature
The fiery heart : a Bloodlines novel
Provides an authoritative listing of classic and contemporary children's literature that is categorized by age group and pairs each entry with expert evaluations and reproductions of artwork from the featured titles.
Louisa May : a modern biography of Louisa May Alcott
Twentieth-century children's writers
The power
James Fenimore Cooper : the novelist
Hamish and the worldstoppers
Beyond Babar : the European tradition in children's literature
Earth flight
Finnish children's and youth books. 8
The Burroughs bestiary : an encyclopedia of monsters and imaginary beings created by Edgar Rice Burroughs
The boy who swam with piranhas
Mark Twain and his world
Regendering the school story : sassy sissies and tattling tomboys
Destined : a house of night novel
Spirit bound
Percy Jackson and the sea of monsters
Unleashed
The selected journals of L. M. Montgomery. Volume I : 1889 - 1910 / edited by Mary Rubio & Elizabeth Waterston
Enid Blyton
Twentieth-century young adult writers
Finnish children's and youth books. X
Percy Jackson and the titan's curse
Tellers of tales : children's books and their authors from 1800 to 1964
Beatrix Potter to Harry Potter : portraits of children's writers
Muumien taikaa : tutkimusretkiä Tove Janssonin maailmaan : exploring Tove Jansson's world = The magic of the Moomins
Characters in young adult literature
Hunted : a house of night novel
The junior book of authors
The intimate life of L. M. Montgomery
Rock war
James Fenimore Cooper : an introduction and interpretation
The trap
A new dawn : your favorite author's on Stephenie Meyer's Twilight series
The forbidden charm of Enid Blyton's "Famous five" books
Finnish children's and youth books. VIII
Finnish children's and youth books. 10
Yesterday's authors of books for children : facts and pictures about authors and illustrators of books for young people from early times to 1960. Volume 1
The wall : a modern fable
Jacky Daydream
Stephenie Meyer : queen of twilight : the biography
Finnish children's and youth books 8
The Rachel Riley diaries : the life of Riley
Listen to the moon
The Oxford companion to children's literature
Favourite writers
Untamed : a house of night novel
Burned : a house of night novel
Authors & artists for young adults 2
An unofficial companion to the novels of Terry Pratchett
Third book of junior authors
Skulduggery Pleasant. Books 1 and 2
J. K. Rowling : a biography
Sacred
Hot blooded
Who next ...? : a guide to children's authors
Laura Ingalls Wilder : A biography
Authors & artists for young adults 3
Enid Blyton : the biography
Four : a Divergent collection
Boy : tales of childhood
More about Boy : Roald Dahl's tales from childhood
The winter wolf
