http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15584 road transport
road transport
Adaptation of transport to climate change in Europe : challenges and options across transport modes and stakeholders
Fourth international railway logistics seminar : co-operation among transportation modes in Northern Europe
Operation management of reverse logistics
ADR applicable as from 1 January 2007 : European Agreement Concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road. Vol. 1
Contracts of carriage by land and air
Latvian road sector and enforcement of regulations of international road haulage in historical perspective
Developing the transportation process at Metso Minerals Inc, Tampere Works
The importance of transport costs in Swedish forest industry
Dangerous goods : a guide to exemptions from the carriage of dangerous goods by road regulations
Handbook of road technology
The economics of urban transportation
A study manual of professional competence in road haulage : a complete study course for the OCR CPC examination
Road transport policy : open roads across Europe
The economics of regulating road transport
Advanced logistics and road freight transport
Regulatory reform in road freight and retail distribution
Caprivi under old and new inderect rule : falling off the map or a 19th century dream true?
The carrier's unlimited liability in unimodal and multimodal transport
Performance-based standards for the road sector
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 12, Law of transport : Chapter 2 : Carriage by rail
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 1, (Agreement, protocol of signature, annex A and appendices to annex A with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1999)
Transport policy in the European Union
The transport manager's and operator's handbook 2008
Future of energy efficiency and carbon dioxide emissions of Finnish road freight transport
TransAPELL : guidance for dangerous goods transport emergency planning in a local community
UPM Logistics cargo handling manual : paper reels, paper pallets, plywood, veneer and sawn goods
Transport and the environment
The logistic revolution : the rise of logistics in the mass consumption society
Uniform interpretation of EU jurisdiction rules in jeopardy? : interaction of specialised conventions with the  Brussels I Regime and the mutation of TNT v AXA
Arvio kirjasta "The economics of regulationg road transport" (Erik Verhoef)
Improving cost-efficiency and reducing environmental impacts of intermodal transportation with dry port concept : major rail transport corridor in Baltic Sea Region
North-European logistics in the era of global economic turmoil : fifth International Railway Logistics Seminar
Road haulage by motor in Britain : the first forty years
Why does policy change? : lessons from British transport policy 1945-99
Restructured ADR applicable as from 1 January 2005 : European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road. Vol. 1
CMR: contracts for the international carriage of goods by road
The Impact of Applying Rolling Highway on State Company for Land Transport in Iraq
Statistics in focus. Theme 7, Transport
The handbook of logistics & distribution management
Logistic centres in Moscow : transport, operators and logistics infrastructure in the Moscow Region
Pol-Corridor : assessment of demand for the Blue Shuttle Train's services in North and South European markets
Developing co-operation with transportation companies : case: Uponor Finland Oy
Carrier's liability in international carriage of goods by road in Finland and Estonia : A comparative study of mandatory provisions applying to carrier ́s liability and liability insurances covering carrier ́s liability
Restructured ADR applicable as from 1 January 2005 : European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road. Vol. 2
Strategic Rail Research Agenda 2020 : first report of the European Rail Research Advisory Council : a turning point for European Rail Research
Climate for a transport change : TERM 2007 : indicators tracking transport and environment in the European Union
Biofuels for road transport : a seed to wheel perspective
Transport of dangerous goods in the Baltic Sea region
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Executive summary and recommendations (s. 7-13).
AATA manual for the transportation of live animals by road
Road freight transport
System and technology of timber rail transportation in Carelia
The market structure analysis for international road freight transport in Latvia
Finnish Railway Statistics
The future of air and surface transport of goods between Finland and Central Europe
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. 3, (Annex B)
Road transport
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Road freight transport between EEC member states : a feasibility study for a system of price indices
Trans Siberian railway operators in Russian Far East
A study on the transport infrastucture of St. Petersburg and the Leningrad Region = Analiz infrastruktury transporta St. Peterburga i Leningradskoj oblasti
Transport and environment. Part 1, Road traffic
Commercial road vehicles
Due to the globalization and ever stronger competition in the market, more and more companies are seeking competitive advantage by establishing collaborative partnership with their suppliers of strategic items. This thesis addresses the topic of supplier relationship management, which is a very important business functions involving not only the procurement organization, but also other organizations within a company, such as quality control, R & D and production, etc. Literature review covers from value chain, supply chain , supply chain management to supplier relationship management, which focuses on two-way, mutually beneficial relationship development with strategic supply partners to achieve greater levels of innovation and competitive advantage than could be gained by operating independently or through the transactional purchasing arrangement in the traditional way. The empirical part is based on the author ́s observation of the case company ́s performance in SRM. Detailed analysis has been done to find out how the case company conducts its SRM and what it has achieved through SRM. In the end, suggestions are made to the case company on how to further improve its SRM.
Abstract (1 s.).
The application of the CMR Convention to multimodal transports : the example of Quantum Corp. v. Plane Trucking
Carriage of goods by sea, land and air : unimodal and multimodal transport in the 21st century
Automated Workplace of Cargo Consignor: New : development of the promotion strategy for a software product
Potential transport company selection in China
Everything will look different ten years from now
Contemporary research issues in international railway logistics
Regulatory Reform in Road Freight Transport : proceedings of the international seminar, February 2001
Abstract: The economic importance of the transit traffic in Finland.
The growing use of biomass in Finland and its possibile effects on the truck transportation industry
Financial and environmental impacts of a dry port to support two major Finnish transit seaports
INFLUENCE OF MARKETING LOGISTICS ON THE CONTAINER TRANSPORTATION BY ROAD-, WATER- AND RAILWAYS IN EUROPE
Transshipment costs of intermodal transport in Finnish context
Calculating emissions of a transport network
Focusing on environmental pressures from long-distance transport : TERM: transport indicators tracking progress towards environmental targets in Europe
Public-private partnership investments in dry ports : Russian logistics markets and risks
Eurotoll : European research project for toll effects and pricing strategies
Primary forest fuel supply chain: assessing barriers and drivers for the modal shift from truck to train
ADR applicable as from 1 January 2007 : European Agreement Concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road. Vol. 2
Private sector road provision and regional development
Environmental impact assessment of the Nordic Triangle
Challenge and opportunities for tomorrow
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1997)
International carriage of goods by road : CMR
A Situational Analysis of Supplier Relationship Management in an SME manufacturing Company
Vaarallisten aineiden kuljetussäiliöt = Tanks for the transport of dangerous goods. Osa 1, Säiliöt = Tanks
Automated Workplace of Cargo Consignor: New : Development of the Promotion Strategy for a Software Product
Abstract (s. 5). Summary and conclusions (s. 7-8).
Railcarrier in intermodal freight transportation network
Where rails meet the sea : America̕ s connections between ships & trains
Global logistics : new directions in supply chain management
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 1, (Agreement, protocol of signature, annex A and appendices to annex A with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1997)
Article 71 of the Brussels I Regulation and the application of transport law conventions in the light of some judgments of the European Court of Justice
Goods transport by road
Fundamentals of intelligent transportation systems planning
Draft amendments to annexes A and B of the European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) : as adopted by the Working Party on the Transport of Dangerous Goods at its fifty-fourth to fifty-sixth and fifty-eight sessions, for entry into force on 1 January 1997
Restructured ADR applicable as from 1 July 2001 : European Agreement Concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road. Vol. 2
The impact of market structure on international road freight safety : a cross-case analysis of Finnish firms and Finnish and Estonian competent authorities in 2010-2011
Health effects of transport-related air pollution : summary for policy- makers
European Groupage Network : case: DSV Daily Pallet
Is a harmonised liability system a necessary prerequisite for European multimodal transport? : the Finnish logistics service providers' point of view
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Summary (s. ix-xvi).
Towards more rational transport policies in Europe
The transport manager's & operator's handbook 2010
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1999)
Railway shunting yard services in a dry-port : analysis of the railway shunting yards in Sverdlovsk-Russia and Kouvola-Finland
Attractiveness of the Finnish rail transit route : Case study: VR Group
Air pollution from ground transportation : an assessment of causes, strategies and tactics, and proposed actions for the international community
Wood harvesting and logistics in Russia : focus on research and business opportunities : final report of the research project
ADR applicable as from 1 January 2009 : European Agreement Concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road
Central Asia : increasing gains from trade through regional cooperation in trade policy, transport, and customs transit
Fourth International Railway Logistics Seminar : co-operation among transportation modes in Northern Europe
The true costs of road transport
Energy efficiency and climate change considerations for on-road transport in Asia
European agreement concerning the international carriage of dangerous goods by road (ADR) and protocol of signature : done at Geneva on 30 September 1957. Vol. 2, (Annex B with amendments thereto up to 1 January 1995)
