http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15568 land price
land price
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
The state of food insecurity in the world : how does international price volatility affect domestic economies and food security?
Land value taxation : can it and will it work today?
Facit 1970 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Facit 1971 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Agriculture in the European Union : statistical and economic information 2002
Agricultural market intervention and pricing policies in Africa : expert consultation meeting, Arusha, United Republic of Tanzania
Community price stabilazation : theory and empirical evidence
No analysis of the Russian economy today can ignore the role of energy production. Russia is the world's largest producer of crude oil and natural gas, the world's third largest consumer of energy and a global giant in hydrocarbon exports. But just how big is the actual contribution of oil and gas production to national economic output? Who is discovering, pumping and shipping Russia's oil? What is the energy sector's role in government revenue and Russia's external balance? This issue of BOFIT Online comprises nine short articles with timely insights into the challenges facing Russia's energy sector.  Key words: Russia, energy, natural gas, oil, state economy, electricity production .
Facit 1973 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Statistics on prices received by farmers
Tough choices : facing the challenge of food scarity
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Role of fertilizer pricing policies and subsidies in agricultural development
A century of agricultural statistics : Great Britain 1866-1966
Co-operative objectives and pricing politics in the input market
The Russian gas sector, one of Russia's key industries, needs urgent reform to deal with ageing gas fields, excessive state regulation, monopolistic control over the industry and inadequate, outdated pipeline infrastructure.The dangers of supply disruptions are particularly striking in view of ever-increasing demand for natural gas in Russia's domestic market and internationally.To prevent Russian natural gas supply from decline, three major issues must be addressed.First, regulation has kept domestic prices artificially low and eliminated incentives to make necessary investments.Second, independent producers still lack fair access to the market, especially the pipeline network.Third, there is a compelling need for systematic investment.Keywords: Russia, Natural Gas, Energy, Reform .
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Long-term gas supply contracts between EU area buyers and third country producers in the continental European gas market : a changing paradigm of contract and pricing structure
Implementation and administration of agricultural price policy in Asia
From the farmer...to the consumer
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Land use response to agricultural policy and market movements on Finnish dairy-farms
Facit 1972 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialized catalogue of Nordic stamps
Location and land use : toward a general theory of land rent
Land as a financial asset: studies in theoretical and real trends
The influences of buyer and seller characteristics on forest land value
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Storage, trade, and price policy under production instability: maize in Kenya
Agricultural price policies in the Near East: lessons of experience
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
Manual on agricultural price index numbers
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Regional differences in land prices in Finland
Methodologie der EG-Agrarpreisindizes (Output und Input) = Methodology of EC agricultural price indices (output and input) = Méthodologie des indices CE des prix agricoles (output et input) = Methodologia degli indici CE dei prezzi agricoli (output e input)
Comparative advantage of agricultural production systems and its policy implications in Pakistan
Peasant response to price incentives in Tanzania : a theoretical and empirical investigation
Determination of the capitalized and market values of supplementary arable land in southern Finland, 1972-1986
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
On the hedonic modelling of land prices
Statistics on prices paid by farmers for means of production = Statistiques sur les prix payés par les agriculteurs pour les facteurs de production = Estadisticas sobre los precios que pagan los agricultores por los medios de produccion
1988/89 farm prices and related measures : council decisions
Price policies of the CAP : retrospect and prospect
Urban land markets in the United Kingdom : a report on Government policies and programmes and their background, prepared as part of an International Project for the Urban Affairs Division of the OECD
The business potential for Vietnamese coffee in Scandinavian market
The challenges of the Medvedev era
Role of price policy in stimulating agricultural production in Africa
Agricultural price policy : a practitioner's guide to partial-equilibrium analysis
Price prospects for major primary commodities 1988-2000.. Vol. 2, Food products, fertilizers, agricultural raw materials
Agricultural price policy for developing countries
Staying afloat in exchange rate turbulence : essays on pricing exports in a floating rate world
Analysing the relationship between wholesale and end-user prices in the Nordic electricity market
Farm prices and related measures 1990/1991 : Council decisions
European economy. Reports and studies. 1997, 2, The CAP and enlargement : agrifood price developments in five associated countries
Finnish agriculture in 1992
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
An empirical analysis of gasoline price convergence for 20 OECD countries
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Factors affecting farmland prices in Finland
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
A calculation method for a site price index
Farm prices : myth and reality
Markups and measurement errors in six EU countries
Forest rotation periods and land values under borrowing constraint
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Exchange rates and import prices in Finland : estimation of exchange rate pass-through
Perspectives on Russia's energy sector
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Byggekostnader for driftsbygninger i jordbruket : prisindeks og enhetskostnader for 1990
Rural markets, food-grain prices and famines : (a study on selected regions in Ethiopia)
The effects of economic policies on African agriculture
Russia's gas business / facts, challenges and the road to  reform
Prices of agricultural products and selected inputs in Europe and North America
The food sector in transition - Nordic research : proceedings of NJF-seminar no. 313, June 2000
Jordbrukets prisindeks = Index numbers of agricultural prices
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Agricultural prices, policy, and equity in Sub-Saharan Africa
Distribution of CAP : price support
The demand for public storage of wheat in Pakistan
Land and agricultural competitiveness
The determinants of forest land prices : an empirical analysis
Grain marketing is simple : it's just not easy
Facit 1967 : specialkatalog över de nordiska ländernas frimärken = specialised catalogue of Scandinavian stamps
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
Managing commodity price risk in developing countries
The common wine policy and price stabilization
US Baseline briefing book : projections for agricultural and biofuel markets
Commodity instability and developing countries : the debate
An evaluation of the reasons for high nordic price levels
Statistics on agricultural support price
Agricultural price trends in the EC
Land prices in Finland : information system and price developments
Optimal hedging strategies for Swedish grain agents
