http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15550 participant observation
participant observation
A narrative approach to business growth
Case study research : theory, methods and practice
Toward engaged anthropology
Participatory research with children and young people
Participant observation : theory and practice
Audiencing : the work of the spectator in live performance
Doing ethnography
Social research : theory, methods and techniques
Qualitative methods in management research
Researching education from the inside : investigations from within
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Service quality represents the key issue on successful hotels and many other organisations in the service sector. Customers are demanding more and more quality service wherever they go forcing management to take service quality into consideration. Delivering good service has direct impact on repeat visits, positive word-of-mouth and revenue for service companies (e.g. hotels). As globalisation became part of daily business live, hotels need to excel in delighting their customers to stay ahead of the competition.   There have been a number of researches that proof service quality is indeed a critical area in the services industry. Well-known service quality authors like Gilmore, Carson, Parasuraman, Zeithaml, Valarie, Berry and Grönroos, among others, have all acknowledged the importance of service quality in a company. Therefore, understanding that the component of service quality varies will help to recognise the importance of tangible and intangible elements as part of customers experience which will then contribute when evaluating the quality of service. The aim of this study is to understand how a five-star hotel staff delivery of service quality.   The author spent four months with The Ritz-Carlton Club team and applied observations as a tool for collecting data. She developed a conceptual framework which was used to guide the collection as well the analysis of the primary data. The results show how tangibles and intangibles dimensions including image plays an important role when comes to delivering quality service in a five-star hotel department.
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
The participatory research approach in non-Western countries : practical experiences from central Asia and Zambia
Danger in the field : risk and ethics in social research
Inclusive research with people with learning disabilities : past, present, and futures
Anthropological practice : fieldwork and the ethnographic method
The interview : an ethnographic approach
The ethnographer's method
Speak English, please! : Oral English in Finnish EFL classrooms
Mutuality and empathy : self and other in the ethnographic encounter
Anthropic bias : observation selection effects in science and philosophy
Doing ethnography today : theories, methods, exercises
Staging strife : lessons from performing ethnography with Polish Roma women
Street corner society : the social structure of an Italian slum
Dwellers of memory : youth and violence in Medellín, Colombia
English teaching materials for illiterate adults
Anthropologists in the field : cases in participant observation
Reflections on the folklife festival : an ethnography of participant experience
Doing your own research : basic descriptive research in the social sciences and humanities
Natural experiments in the social sciences : a design-based approach
Co-operative inquiry : research into the human condition
Qualitative research in business and management
Beyond writing culture : current intersections of epistemologies and representational practices
Delivering service quality : the case study of the Ritz-Carlton Club, Singapore
The vulnerable observer : anthropology that breaks your heart
Research methods for nurses and the caring professions
Research methods for business students
Learning through child observation
Summary in Magyarfalu (Csángó) dialect.
Missionary impositions : conversion, resistance, and other challenges to objectivity in religious ethnography
Participant observation : a guide for fieldworkers
Researching the art of teaching : ethnography for educational use
Business research methods
Beyond textuality : asceticism and violence in anthropological interpretation
Learning challenges in organic vegetable farming : an activity theoretical study of on-farm practises
Doing ethnographies
Qualitative research in business & management
More vibes in India : westerners in search of a better life in Varanasi
Romance and everyday work, the two sides of fieldwork : a challenge for the anthropologist
Issues in participant observation : a text and reader
Successful qualitative health research : a practical introduction
Theories of distinction : redescribing the descriptions of modernity
Delivering service quality : case: the front office of Century Park Hotel
Handbook of action research : participative inquiry and practice
Sequential Analysis and Observational Methods for the Behavioral Sciences
Designing public transportation for private car users
Observers observed : essays on ethnographic fieldwork
Participatory action research : theory and methods for engaged inquiry
Considering insiders, outsiders and in-between : reflections on fieldwork in Magyarfalu
A complexity perspective on researching organizations : taking experience seriously
Exploring clinical methods for social research
Ethnography or participant observation research has been performed since the early nineteenth century and is now one of the most common ways for field researchers to gain an in-depth understanding of social life. In Observing the Observer: Understanding Our Selves in Field Research--the only book that covers the issue of reflexivity in field research--author Shulamit Reinharz provides a captivating analysis of her yearlong stay in Israel, where she engaged in a study of aging on a kibbutz. Exploring the issue of reflexivity, this unique volume focuses on the key tool in fieldwork--the self. It discusses how the many facets of the self (or selves ) of a researcher--research selves, personal selves, and situational selves--can affect how research is enacted and reported on. The book addresses many of the current debates on fieldwork, especially those that have arisen in the feminist literature.
Organisational anthropology : doing ethnography in and among complex organisations
Observing the observer : understanding our selves in field research
Gaining access : a practical and theoretical guide for qualitative researchers
Handbook of action research : the concise paperback edition
Drug-related harm according to opiate users on buprenorphine treatment
Own or other culture
Community based participatory research
Service quality has been posited as a feasible strategy for marketers endeavouring to differentiate service offerings, establish customer value and ultimately satisfy consumer needs. Delivering quality service will be one of the major challenges facing hospitality managers in the 21st century and it will be an essential condition for success in the emerging, keenly competitive, global hospitality markets.   In the accommodation business as with all aspects of tourism, the quality of service is critical, with clear and direct links with customer satisfaction. In turn, satisfaction is believed to impact on post-purchase perceptions, future purchase decisions and long-term customer loyalty. Thus understanding the current awareness of service quality and its importance to sales is essential to every hospitality manager.   The aim of this study is to understand and evaluate how service quality is delivered in the front office of Century Park Hotel, Bangkok. The actual research problem is: How do hotel front offices deliver service quality? In order to answer this question a research issue is presented: to define tangible and intangible dimensions of service quality that represent the evaluative criteria to assess service quality delivery.  For gathering the information qualitative methodology was used. This is a case-based research conducted by using participative observation. Determinants for analysing the service quality were selected and written comments were used to interpret the perceived service quality.   The results of this study showed that the delivery of service quality in the front office often failed to meet customer needs. The failures in most cases seemed to be in the intangible aspects of service delivery, the tangible elements seemed to be better managed. The interrelationship between the tangible and intangible elements of service is of great importance; furthermore it is crucial to identify the suitable measures and assessment procedures that take account of all aspects of service delivery. The management should be completely committed to service quality. As in the production of tangibles, the production of intangibles requires standardization without compromising customisation potential.
The ethnographic self as resource : writing memory and experience into ethnography
Knowing children : participant observation with minors
Tourism, globalisation and cultural change : an island community perspective
Collecting qualitative data : a field manual for applied research
