http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1556 business colleges
business colleges
Foreign students in Oulu Polytechnic School of Business Studies : what are the problems evolving from the multinational environment?
From consolidation to competition : the development of modern management education in Finland, 1958-2000
Visions of virtue in Tokugawa Japan : the Kaitokudō Merchant Academy of Osaka
What the best MBAs know : how to apply the greatest ideas taught in the best business schools
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
Open source software as a trade and development driver in developing countries : case Tunisia
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
Prepares readers to take the GMAT by providing practice questions, test-taking strategies, and structured study plans.
Business first
McGraw Hill's GMAT
Vocational qualification in business and administration, merkonomi : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level
Best Seller. 3, The business student as a business friend
The 10-day MBA : a step-by-step guide to mastering the skills taught in top business schools
Computers in education : a survey of computer use among English teachers in vocational schools and commercial colleges in Finland
Best seller. [2], The business student as a producer of services
Internationalisation and secondary level education : case: development ideas for internationalisation at home in Kokkola Business Institute
The best graduate business schools
English for business colleges. 2, Oppilaan kirja
Business English. 1, Textbook
U.S. business schools : origins, rankings, prospects
Evaluation and orientation : teachers in a process
Leadership in international business education and research
Administration and business sector : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level : vocational qualification in business and administration, business school graduate
Peterson's master the GMAT 2014
