http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15519 motivational psychology
motivational psychology
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Psychological dynamics of sport
Motivation and child maltreatment
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
Leadership in organizations
Human motivation
Do emotions help or hurt decision making? : a hedgefoxian perspective
An introduction to motivation
Smarter faster better : the transformative power of real productivity
Critical marketing : contemporary issues in marketing
Social Motivation : conscious and unconscious processes
Behavioural regulation, mental toughness, and achievement goals : a cross-cultural comparison between Singaporean and Finnish youth athletes
A theory of goal setting & task performance
Intrinsic motivation and self-determination in human behavior
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Personal causation : an internal affective determinants of behavior
Strings attached : untangling the ethics of incentives
Current directions in motivation and emotion
Personal project pursuit : goals, action, and human flourishing
Creativity in context
Motivational aspects of prejudice and racism
The Oxford handbook of human motivation
This collection examines the many internal and external factors affecting cognitive processes. Editor Shulamith Kreitler brings together a wide range of international contributors to produce an outstanding assessment of recent research in the field. These contributions go beyond the standard approach of examining the effects of motivation and emotion to consider the contextual factors that may influence cognition. These broad and varied factors include personality, genetics, mental health, biological evolution, culture and social context. By contextualizing cognition, this volume draws out the practical applications of theoretical cognitive research while bringing separate areas of scholarship into meaningful dialogue.
Learning
Teaching and researching motivation
Motivation and agency
Motives in fantasy, action, and society
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
How to get people to do stuff : master the art and science of persuasion and motivation
Beliefs, attitudes and values
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Payoff : the hidden logic that shapes our motivations
Mobility and migration choices : thresholds to crossing borders
To want to learn : insights and provocations for engaged learning
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Motivation, learning and performance
Motivational interviewing to increase physical activity in overweight and obese individuals : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Motivation to learn : from theory to practice
Advances in flow research
Future time perspective and motivation : theory and research method
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Motivational theories and practices
Achievement motivation and attribution theory
Curious emotions : roots of consciousness and personality in motivated action
Personality and motivation, structure and measurement
The Talent code : greatness isn't born it's grown here's how
Why is cohesion important?
Emotional intelligence coaching : improving performance for leaders, coaches and the individual
Cognitive and attributional strategies of American and Finnish young adults
Every day we work hard to motivate ourselves. We spend much of our time trying to motivate the people working for us, with us and in business with us. In our personal lives we try to motivate our friends, partners and children. From the economic point of view, motivation is based on a very simple trade-off: we need and want things, and we work to get them. We're more likely to do something if we get money for it, and the more money we get, the more motivated we are. But what if our understanding of motivation and money is all wrong? In Payoff, Dan Ariely investigates the true nature of motivation and our partial blindness to the way it works. He digs to the root of money motivation, and explains how understanding it can help us to successfully approach different choices in our lives.
Motivational interviewing : preparing people for change
For the win : how game thinking can revolutionize your business
Incentives can be found everywhere - in schools, businesses, factories, and government - influencing people's choices about almost everything, from financial decisions and tobacco use to exercise and child rearing. So long as people have a choice, incentives seem innocuous. But "Strings Attached" demonstrates that when incentives are viewed as a kind of power rather than as a form of exchange, many ethical questions arise: How do incentives affect character and institutional culture? Can incentives be manipulative or exploitative, even if people are free to refuse them? And what are the responsibilities of the powerful in using incentives? Ruth Grant shows that, like all other forms of power, incentives can be subject to abuse, and she identifies their legitimate and illegitimate uses. Grant offers a history of the growth of incentives in early twentieth-century America, identifies standards for judging incentives, and examines incentives in four areas - plea bargaining, recruiting medical research subjects, International Monetary Fund loan conditions, and motivating students. In every case, the analysis of incentives in terms of power yields strikingly different and more complex judgments than an analysis that views incentives as trades, in which the desired behavior is freely exchanged for the incentives offered. Challenging the role and function of incentives in a democracy, "Strings Attached" questions whether the penchant for constant incentivizing undermines active, autonomous citizenship. Readers of this book are sure to view the ethics of incentives in a new light.
The physiological mechanisms of motivation
Cognition and motivation : forging an interdisciplinary perspective
Motivation : theories and principles
Human motivation and emotion
Motivation and action
Actionable gamification : Beyond Points, Badges, and leaderboards
Second language demotivation : factors that discourage pupils from learning the English language
Motivation in education : theory, research and applications
Perspectives on motivation
Why we do what we do : understanding self-motivation
Motivational science. social and personality perspectives
Off the bench and into the game : eight success strategies from professional sport
Future visions : the unpublished papers of Abraham Maslow
The trans-contextual model of motivation : an integrated multi-theory model to explain the processes of motivational transfer across contexts
Understanding human motivation : what makes people tick?
The motivation challenge : the manager views on motivation and motivating
Motives and mechanisms : an introduction to the psychology of action
Motivation in education : theory, research, and applications
"Surface" and "depth" in human personality : relations between explicit and implicit motives
Eight myths of student disengagement : creating classrooms of deep learning
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Agency, motivation, and the life course
Human motivation : metaphors, theories, and research
To approach or to avoid? : emotional picture viewing effects on reflexive responses in humans
Mastering self-motivation : bringing together the academic and popular literature
Exploring the psychology of interest
Toward a psychology of being
Theories in educational psychology : concise guide to meaning and practice
Psychology of motivation
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Inner drives : how to write and create characters using the eight classic centers of motivation
Reversal theory : the dynamics of motivation, emotion, and personality
Cultivating motivation is crucial to a language learner's success - and therefore crucial for the language teacher and researcher to understand. This fully revised edition of a groundbreaking work reflects the dramatic changes the field of motivation research has undergone in recent years, including the impact of language globalisation and various dynamic and relational research methodologies, and offers ways in which this research can be put to practical use in the classroom and in research. Key new features and material: A brand new chapter on current socio-dynamic and complex systems perspectives, New approaches to motivating students based on the L2 Motivational Self System, Illustrative summaries of qualitative and mixed methods studies, Samples of new self-related motivation measures Providing a clear and comprehensive theory-driven account of motivation, Teaching and Researching Motivation examines how theoretical insights can be used in everyday teaching practice, and offers practical tips. The final section provides a range of useful resources, including relevant websites, key reference works and tried and tested example questionnaires. Written in an accessible style and illustrated with concrete examples, it is an invaluable resource for teachers and researchers alike.
The trans-contextual model of motivation : an integrated multi-theory model to explain the processes of motivational transfer across context
Motivation : theory, research, and applications
Foundations of psychology
Understanding motivation and emotion
Smarter, faster better : the secrets of being productive in life and business
Handbook of competence and motivation
The basic psychological needs in physical education scale in Filipino
Consumer insights 2.0 : how smart companies apply customer knowledge to the bottom line
Motivational styles in everyday life : a guide to reversal theory
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
Advances in motivation and achievement. Vol. 10
Peak performance... and more
The scientific analysis of personality and motivation
Evolutionary psychology and motivation
Motivation and emotion
Drive : the surprising truth about what motivates us
Motivation : selected readings
Handbook of motivation science
Organizational behavior
Autonomy support, basic needs satisfaction, motivation regulation, and well-being among elite level ballet dancers in Russian speaking countries
Implicit motives
The psychobiology of human motivation
