http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1559 theological anthropology
theological anthropology
Interruptions : mysticism, politics, and theology in the work of Johann Baptist Metz
Eccentric existence : a theological anthropology. Volume 1
Augustine's invention of the inner self : the legacy of a Christian platonist
Persons, powers, and pluralities : toward a Trinitarian theology of culture
The quest for God & the good life : Lonergan's theological anthropology
Imagining the fetus : the unborn in myth, religion, and culture
The letter and the spirit : a history of interpretation from Origen to Luther
Persons : human and divine
Misunderstandings about what it means for humans to be created in God's image have wreaked devastation throughout history — for example, slavery in the U. S., genocide in Nazi Germany, and the demeaning of women everywhere. In Dignity and Destiny John Kilner explores what the Bible itself teaches about humanity being in God's image. He discusses in detail all of the biblical references to the image of God, interacts extensively with other work on the topic, and documents how misunderstandings of it have been so problematic. People made according to God's image, Kilner says, have a special connection with God and are intended to be a meaningful reflection of him. Because of sin, they don't actually reflect him very well, but Kilner shows why the popular idea that sin has damaged the image of God is mistaken. He also clarifies the biblical difference between being God's image (which Christ is) and being in God's image (which humans are). He explains how humanity's creation and renewal in God's image are central, respectively, to human dignity and destiny. Locating Christ at the center of what God's image means, Kilner charts a constructive way forward and reflects on the tremendously liberating impact that a sound understanding of the image of God can have in the world today.
Bodies and souls, or spirited bodies?
The liturgical subject : subject, subjectivity, and the human person in contemporary liturgical discussion and critique
Humanity in the mystery of God : the theological anthropology of Edward Schillebeeckx
The irreversible sequence : Paul's ethics : their foundation and present relevence
The one and the many : studies on God, man, the Church, and the world today
The person in Tillich's anthropology : basic themes in Tillich's theological anthropology
The moral gap : Kantian ethics, human limits, and God's assistance
Luther and the beloved community : a path for Christian theology after Christendom
Creation and humanity
Paul's line of thought in 2 Corinthians 4:16-5:10
Transparency of time : the structure of time-consciousness in the theology of Paul Tillich
The Augustinian person
John Macquarrie's natural theology : the grace of being
God's call : moral realism, God's commands, and human autonomy
Human nature and natural law
The image and likeness : the Augustinian spirituality of William of St Thierry
Catholism
Memory in Augustine's theological anthropology
The Humanum studies, 1969-1975 : a collection of documents
The human being : a theological anthropology
Who are we? : theories of human nature
Persons, divine and human : King's College essays in theological anthropology
A sophisticated theological anthropology that takes into account evolutionary theories and our relationships to other animals. In this book Celia Deane-Drummond charts a new direction for theological anthropology in light of what is now known about the evolutionary trajectories of humans and other animals. She presents a case for human beings becoming fully themselves through their encounter with God, after the pattern of Christ, but also through their relationship with each other and with other animals. Drawing on classical sources, particularly the work of Thomas Aquinas, Deane-Drummond explores various facets of humans and other animals in terms of reason, freedom, language, and community. In probing and questioning how human distinctiveness has been defined using philosophical tools, she engages with a range of scientific disciplines including evolutionary biology, biological anthropology, animal behavior, ethology, and cognitive psychology. The result is a novel, deeply nuanced interpretation of what it means to be distinctively human in the image of God.
Adam's dust and Adam's glory in the Hodayot and the letters of Paul : rethinking anthropogony and theology
This book assembles a distinguished and international group of scholars to examine Bonhoeffer's understanding of human sociality. Vital reading for Bonhoeffer scholars as well as for those invested in theological debates regarding the social nature of human being, the essays in this volume examine Bonhoeffer's rich resources for thinking about what it means to be human, to be the church, to be a disciple, and to be ethically responsible in our contemporary world.
Commun(icat)ing bodies : body as a medium in religious symbol systems
Dignity and destiny : humanity in the image of God
Anger in the Old Testament
Experience and the absolute : disputed questions on the humanity of man
Who do I say that you are? : anthropology and the theology of Theosis in the Finnish school of Tuomo Mannermaa
Aquinas's ethics : metaphysical foundations, moral theory, and theological context
A pastoral hermeneutics of care and encounter : a theological design for a basic theory, anthropology, method and therapy
Fundamental theology
Person and society in American thought : a study in Christian humanism
Jacob of Sarug's homily on the creation of Adam and the resurrection of the dead
Alone in the world? : human uniqueness in science and theology : the Gifford Lectures, the University of Edinburgh, spring 2004
The drama of nature and grace : a study in the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar
An examined faith : the grace of self-doubt
The rhythm of being : the Gifford lectures
This third volume of Veli-Matti Kärkkäinen's ambitious five volume theology project develops a Christian theology of creation and humanity (theological anthropology) in dialogue with the Christian tradition, with contemporary theology in all its global and contextual diversity, and with other major living faiths — Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism. In constructing his theology of creation and humanity, Kärkkäinen uniquely engages the natural sciences, including physical, cosmological, and neuroscientific theories. He devotes particular attention to the topics of divine action in a world subjected to scientific study, environmental pollution, human flourishing, and the theological implications of evolutionary theory — with regard to both cosmos and humanity.
The concept of man in the Advaita Vedanta of Sankara : an inquiry into theological perspectives
Paul Ricoeur between theology and philosophy : detour and return
Feminism and theology
The church and cultures : new perspectives in missiological anthropology
The doctrine of imago Dei and its relation to self-transcendence in the context of practical theology
Finitude and theological anthropology : an interdisciplinary exploration into theological dimensions of finitude
Understanding the "Imago Dei" : the thought of Barth, von Balthasar and Moltmann
Microcosm and mediator : the theological anthropology of Maximus the Confessor
The theological anthropology of Eustathius of Antioch
Body & soul : human nature & the crisis in ethics
This overview of Christian anthropology by Hans Schwarz uniquely emphasizes three things: (1) the biblical testimony, (2) the historical unfolding of Christian anthropology through the centuries, and (3) the present affirmation of Christian anthropology in view of rival options and current scientific evidence. Schwarz begins by elucidating the special place occupied by human beings in the world, then ponders the complex issue of human freedom, and concludes by investigating humanity as a community of men and women in this world and in the world beyond. While maintaining a strong biblical orientation, Schwarz draws on a wide range of resources, including philosophy and the natural sciences, in order to map out what it means to be human. Schwarz's Human Being will interest anyone who is concerned with how in the face of fascinating scientific insights we can intelligently talk today about human sinfulness, human freedom, and human beings as children of the God who created us.
Christian ethics : an introduction
Being human, becoming human : Dietrich Bonhoeffer and social thought
Judeo-Christian perspectives on psychology : human nature, motivation, and change
The fall of interpretation : philosophical foundations for a creational hermeneutic
Systematic theology : biblical, historical, and evangelical. Volume 1
Sex, sin and stigma : the challenges of HIV and AIDS-related stigmatisation to the understanding of sin, the human being and Christian sexual ethics
Human nature in Gregory of Nyssa : philosophical background and theological significance
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Human identity at the intersection of science, technology, and religion
This volume brings together leading theologians, biblical scholars, scientists, philosophers, ethicists, and others to explore the multidimensionality and depth of the human person. Moving away from dualistic (mind-body, spirit-flesh, natural-mental) anthropologies, the book's contributors examine human personhood in terms of a complex flesh-body-mind-heart- soul-conscience-reason-spirit spectrum. The Depth of the Human Person begins with a provocative essay on the question "Why is personhood conceptually difficult?" It then rises to the challenge of relating theological contributions on the subject to various scientific explorations. Finally, the book turns to contemporary theological-ethical challenges, discussing such subjects as human dignity, embodiment, gender stereotypes, and human personhood at the edges of life.
Science, consciousness and ultimate reality
The specification of human actions in St. Thomas Aquinas
Adam's ancestors : race, religion, and the politics of human origins
The joy of being wrong : original sin through easter eyes
Petre Tutea : between sacrifice and suicide
Christianity and Judaism have inspired reflective theology for thousands of years but until recently, little of it was written by women. Feminism not only proposes new answers to the questions, but compels a reevaluation as to the questions themselves. The essays in this volume represent the richnes of feminist writings in theology, an area that commands international interest, inside and outside the academy, and addresses aspects of theological study including biblical interpretation, historical approaches, doctrine philosophy of religion and ethics. This book brings together some of the best essays in the field, with an introduction by Janet Martin Soskice mapping the historical, global and doctrinal contributions to theology.The essys are arranged thematically, and an introduction mapping the area is enhanced by general remarks on each theme and specific comments on individual contributions. This book seeks to engage readers new to the field as well as professionals. The collection emphasises the importance of grass roots contributions alongside academic work.
Christian perspectives on theological anthropology : a Faith and Order study document
The nature of Martin Luther's theological cosmology between 1513 and 1521: a re-examination of the platonism thesis
Original selfishness : original sin and evil in the light of evolution
Philosophical psychology : psychology, emotions, and freedom
Freedom from passions in Augustine
Theology, anthropology and neuroscience
Calvin, the body, and sexuality
When God's people have HIV/AIDS : an approach to ethics
Becoming human : meditations on Christian anthropology in word and image
As a basic medium of human interaction, the body is fundamental to socio-cultural communication systems, in particular the communication system «religion». Over time, religious traditions – in all their various cultural and historical forms and incarnations – have developed elaborated symbolic systems with the body at their center. This volume proposes to study these systems and the role that body plays in their organization through the perspective of the concept of body as a medium and by drawing on media and communication theory. The papers collected in this volume explore this perspective in relation to different religious traditions, historical periods and theoretical as well as theological themes. They also engage in specific theoretical frameworks in order to discuss the scope and limitations of thinking of the body as a medium in religious symbol systems. Topics covered range from ancient mythology to contemporary Parsi rituals to the boundaries between body and technology.
The Ashgate research companion to theological anthropology
Of God and man : theology as anthropology from Irenaeus to Athanasius
Anthropological reformations : anthropology in the era of Reformation
Kierkegaard as theologian : recovering my self
Defining love : a philosophical, scientific, and theological engagement
Embodied souls, ensouled bodies : an exercise in Christological anthropology and its significance for the mind/body debate
Reforming theological anthropology : after the philosophical turn to relationality
The depth of the human person : a multidisciplinary approach
Becoming God : the doctrine of theosis in Nicholas of Cusa
The elusive God : reorienting religious epistemology
Christian hope and the liberation of man
Asceticism and anthropology in Irenaeus and Clement
Becoming divine, becoming human : deification themes in Irenaeus of Lyons
In Adam's Dust and Adam's Glory, Nicholas A. Meyer challenges the scholarly reconstruction of a traditional theological framework of creation, fall, and restoration in order to comprehend the pessimistic anthropologies of the Hodayot and the letters of Paul. Meyer argues that too little notice has been paid to the fact that this literature problematizes ordinary humanity by way of original humanity--its sexuality, its earthly physicality, its spiritual-moral frailty--and that these texts look not for the restoration of human nature as determined in creation, but rather for its transformation. Setting aside the traditional threefold framework, the author offers an innovative and comprehensive reading of the use of traditions of anthropogony, including the glory of Adam and the image of God, in this literature.
Person, grace, and God
On thinking the human : resolutions of difficult notions
The promise of Trinitarian theology
Being human : race, culture, and religion
With respect : a doctor's response to a healing Pope
Personal identity in theological perspective
The wisdom of the liminal : evolution and other animals in human becoming
