http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15570 Zoroastrianism
Zoroastrianism
Seven fires and three pillars of ehtical management : the Zoroastrian model for good business
The Zoroastrian faith : traditional and modern research
On the good faith : a fourfold discursive construction of Zoroastrianism in contemporary Russia
Traditional organization and content informs this new text which is distinguished by its anthropological and sociological analysis. Sacred space, ritual performance, and sacred texts figure significantly in each religious traditions portrait, along with historical overviews and phenomenological insights and a focus on diverse groups or sects within each tradition. Unlike other texts, Christianity is broken out among its major divisions (early/primitive, Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and Protestant). Features include a full-color interior, numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy (outlines, questionsend of chapter and possibly integrated into the text, key terms, reading lists), and a glossary.
A faith like mine : a celebration of the world's religions : seen through the eyes of children
The originality of the teachings of Zarathustra in the light of Yasna 44.
Vaethā Nask : an apocryphal text on Zoroastrian problems
Gifts to a magus : Indo-Iranian studies honoring Firoze Kotwal
The anthropology of western religions : ideas, organizations, and constituencies
The Zoroastrian doctrine of a future life : from the death to the individual judgement
Ardāy-Vīrāf Nāma : Iranian conceptions of the other world = Ardāy Wīrāf Nāma : riwāyat-i fārisī zarduštī
Zoroastrian rituals in context
The dawn and twilight of Zoroastrianism
Esoteric trends in Zoroastrianism
Realms of the Silk Roads : ancient and modern : proceedings from the Third Conference of the Australasian Society for Inner Asian Studies (A.S.I.A.S.) : Macquarie University, September 18-20, 1998
Form and meaning of Yasna 33
Notes on the language and ethnography of the Zoroastrians of Yazd
Iranian languages and texts from Iran and Turan : Ronald E. Emmerick memorial volume
Impacts of Persian civilization on our world
The collected works of K. R. Cama
The Gabri dialect : spoken by the Zoroastrians of Persia
The mythology of all races : in thirteen volumes. Volume 6, Indian
Zoroaster in history
World religions and the environment
Zoroastrians : their religious beliefs and practices
Zoroaster was one of the greatest and most radical religious reformers in the history of the world. The faith that he founded some 2600 years ago in a remote region of central Asia flourished to become the bedrock of a great empire as well as its official religion. Zoroastrianism is still practised today in parts of India and Iran and in smaller communities elsewhere, where its adherents are known as Parsis. It has the distinction of being one of the most ancient religions in the world: only Hinduism can lay claim to greater antiquity. The foundation texts of this venerable system of belief are the founder's own passionate poems, known as the "Gathas" ("Songs"), and a short ritual composed soon after his death, called the "Liturgy in Seven Chapters". These hymns are the authentic utterances of a religious leader whose thought was way ahead of his time, and are among the most precious relics of human civilization. After so many millennia they continue to speak to us of an impressively austere theology and of an inspiring and easily understood moral code. Yet existing translations are few, divergent in their interpretations of the original Avestan language of Zoroaster, and frequently hard to access. M. L. West's new translation, based on the best modern scholarship, and augmented by a substantial introduction and notes, makes these powerfully resonant texts available to a wide audience in clear and accessible form.
Studies in Zoroastrian family law : a comparative analysis
Zand-ākāsīh : Iranian or greater Bundahišn
Avesta reader : first series: easier texts, notes and vocabulary
The image of Zoroaster : the Persian Mage through European eyes
Traditions of the magi : zoroastrianism in Greek and Latin Literature
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
Zoroastrianism : an introduction
Ahd-namaha = Covenants of faith
Living Zoroastrianism : urban Parsis speak about their religion
A guide to the Zoroastrian religion : a nineteenth century catechism with modern commentary
Conflict and cooperation : Zoroastrian subalterns and Muslim elites in medieval Iranian society
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Ritual art and knowledge : aesthetic theory and Zoroastrian ritual
The Holy Gâthâs of Zarathustra
The spirit of Zoroastrianism
The Zoroastrian myth of migration from Iran and settlement in the Indian diaspora : text, translation and analysis of the 16th century Qesse-ye Sanjan 'the story of Sanjan'
The Zend Avesta. Part 1, The sacred books of the East, vol. IV
The parsis : being an enlarged and copiously annotated, up to date English edition of Delphine Menant's Les parsis
The Pahlavi rivāyat of Āturfarnbag and Farnbag-srōš. Vol. 1
Family law : (Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Parsis and Jews)
When Zarathustra spoke : the reformation of neolithic culture and religion
The Bundahishn ("Creation"), or knowledge from the Zand
Zoroastrians in Britain : the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, University of Oxford 1985
The Zend Avesta. Part 2, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXIII
A Persian stronghold of Zoroastrianism : based on the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, 1975
The teachings of Zoroaster and the philosophy of the Parsi religion (1908)
Zoroastrian and Parsi studies : selected works of John R. Hinnells
Textual sources for the study of Zoroastrianism
In search of Zarathustra : the first prophet and the ideas that changed the world
Sacred India
Ardā Wirāz Nāmag : the Iranian "Divina Commedia"
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 23, The Zend-Avesta, Part 2
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Religious disputation between Abālish, 9th cent. and Zarathustrian divine on Zoroastrianism.
Zarathustra and Zoroastrianism : a short introduction
The sacred books of the East. Vol. 31, The Zend-Avesta, Part 3
Zoroastrianism : an introduction to an ancient faith
Living religions : an encyclopaedia of the world's faiths
Mysticism and mystic sects among the Jews, the Mohamedans, and the Zoroastrians a comparative study
Christianity and some living religions of the East
The religions of Asia
"This new survey text for comparative religion, authored and edited by Lawrence Sullivan, successfully marries traditional approaches with analysis drawn from anthropology and sociology to explain the making of meaning in leading religious traditions. Sacred space, ritual performance, sacred texts, historical overviews and phenomenological insights are all examined in this full-color text to show the rich diversity of religious belief and practice. Distinctive in this volume are separate chapters on the diversity of Christianity across the globe. Features include numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy, and a glossary."--Publisher description.
Avesta : religious books of the Parsees
Glossary of Pahlavi Vendidad
A history of Zoroastrianism. Vol. 2, Under the Acaemenians
Evil, good and gender : facets of the feminine in Zoroastrian religious history
The Zoroastrian diaspora : religion and migration ; the Ratanbai Katrak lectures, the Oriental Faculty, Oxford, 1985
The Zend-Avesta
New light on the Gāthās of holy Zarathushtra
Parsees : their history, manners, customs and religion
The teachings of the Magi : a compendium of Zoroastrian beliefs
Living faiths in South Africa
Historia religionum : handbook for the history of religions. Vol. 2, Religions of the present
Sefer Moshe : the Moshe Weinfeld jubilee volume : studies in the Bible and the ancient Near East, Qumran and post-biblical Judaism
The lists of names of Ahura Mazdā (Yašt I) and Vayu (Yašt XV)
Eastern mysticism. Volume 1, The Near East and India
Eschatology in the Indo-Iranian traditions : the genesis and transformation of a doctrine
The Avestan Hymn to Mithra
The Gathas of Zarathustra
Living Religions
Parsis in India and the diaspora
Religions of the world : an introduction to culture and meaning
Avesta reader. First series. Easier texts, notes and vocabulary
The hymns of Zoroaster : a new translation of the most ancient sacred texts of Iran
The Zend Avesta of Zarathustra : selections
From Zoroastrian Iran to Islam : studies in religioius history and intercultural contacts
Parsism : the religion of Zoroaster
The complete book of Muslim and Parsi names
The Zend Avesta. Part 3, The sacred books of the East, vol. XXXI
A Zoroastrian liturgy : the worship in seven chapters (Yasna 35-41)
The Gathas of Zarathushtra : hymns in praise of wisdom
History of the Parsis : including their manners, customs, religion, and present position. Vol. 1-2
Songs of Zarathushtra : the Gathas
