http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15503 cardinals
cardinals
The Alchemist in the shadows
"Because he was a German!" : Cardinal Bea and the origins of Roman Catholic engagement in the ecumenical movement
The colour of blood
Pope John XXII and his Franciscan cardinal : Bertrand de la Tour and the apostolic poverty controversy
Captures the rise to power of a seminal figure who was instrumental in creating France as we know it.
The Pope is dead. Behind the locked doors of the Sistine Chapel, one hundred and eighteen cardinals from all over the globe will cast their votes in the world's most secretive election. They are holy men. But they have ambition. And they have rivals. Over the next seventy-two hours one of them will become the most powerful spiritual figure on earth.
Church, state and dynasty in Renaissance Poland : the career of Cardinal Fryderyk Jagiellon (1468-1503)
The dragon arcana
Newman's Apologia pro vita sua : the two versions of 1864 & 1865 : preceded by Newman's and Kingsley's pamphlets
The Cardinal's Blades
Cardinal Paul Cullen and his world
Pietro Bembo : lover, linguist, cardinal
Salt of the earth : Christianity and the Catholic Church at the end of the millennium : an interview with Peter Seewald
John Henry Newman : a biography
Angels and demons
Reginald Pole : prince & prophet
The Borgias : the original crime family. The final season
Borgias = The Borgias : the original crime family. The second season
Angels and deamons
Cardinal Jean-Marie Lustiger on Christians and Jews
Wolf Hall
Cardinal Ratzinger : the Vatican's enforcer of the faith
The possessions of a Cardinal : politics, piety, and art, 1450-1700
England in the reign of King Henry the Eighth : Life and letters and A dialogue between Cardinal Pole and Lupset
Éminence : Cardinal Richelieu and the rise of France
The sky's dark labyrinth
Reclaiming Rome : cardinals in the fifteenth century
Popes, cardinals and war : the military church in Renaissance and early modern Europe
Political change in France under Richelieu and Mazarin, 1624-1661
Memoirs
A reluctant author : Cardinal Pole and his manuscripts
Two cardinals : John Henry Newman, Désiré Joseph Mercier
Angels and demons : Robert Langdon's first adventure
The ecumenical legacy of Johannes cardinal Willebrands (1909-2006)
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
Borgias : The Borgias : the original crime family. Ensimmäinen tuotantokausi
Humberti Cardinalis Libri tres adversus simoniacos : a critical edition with an introductory essay and notes
Eminent Victorians : Cardinal Manning, Florence Nightingale, Dr. Arnold, General Gordon
The cardinals : thirteen centuries of the men behind the Papal Throne
Newman : a short introduction
A set of case studies exploring the tastes, passions, and possessions of cardinals in Renaissance and Baroque Rome.
Princes of the church : a history of the English cardinals
The voyage of Semen Dezhnev in 1648 : Bering's precursor : with selected documents
Renaissance cardinals and their worldly problems
Cardinal Richelieu : power and the pursuit of wealth
The Ratzinger report : an exclusive interview on the state of the Church
Talleyrand, the cardinal of Périgord, 1301-1364
