http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15537 music schools
music schools
Music advocacy : moving from survival to vision
Technic is fun. Book I
International directory of music education : details of institutions and music education qualifications. Volume 2, United States of America to Zimbabwe
Opera on the move in the Nordic countries during the long 19th century
Piano musicians' identity negotiations in the context of the academy and transition to working life : a socio-cultural approach
Suomi rakentaa = Finland bygger = Finnish architecture 1992-1997. 9
Enjoy Playing! : introducing a new technology-based together playing approach to complement traditional teaching in music schools : a study of an audio supported practice aid for first and second grade string instrument students
Challenges and visions in school music education : focusing on Finnish, Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian music education realities
In higher music education, learning in social settings (orchestras, choirs, bands, chamber music and so on) is prevalent, yet understanding of such learning rests heavily on the transmission of knowledge and skill from master to apprentice. This narrow view of learning trajectories pervades in both one-to-one and one-to-many contexts. This is surprising given the growing body of knowledge about the power of collaborative learning in general, underpinned by theoretical developments in educational psychology: the social dimensions of learning, situational learning and concepts of communities of learners. Collaborative Learning in Higher Music Education seeks to respond to the challenge of becoming more conscious of the creative and multiple dimensions of social interaction in learning music, in contexts ranging from interdisciplinary projects to one-to-one tuition, and not least in the contemporary context of rapid change in the cultural industries and higher education as a whole. It brings together theoretical papers and case studies of practice. Themes covered include collaborative creativity, communities of practice, peer-learning, co-teaching as co-learning, assessment and curriculum structures. Chapters illuminate reasons for enabling collaborative learning, and provide exemplars of innovative practice and designs for collaborative learning environments in higher music education. A central purpose of the book is to scaffold change, to help in meeting the rapid changes in society and to find constructive stepping stones or signposts for teachers and students.
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in Basics of Music
A Modern method for keyboard study. Volume two : A comprehensive programmed keyboard method
Gender lessons : girls and boys negotiating learning community in basics of music
Just swing : Progressive piano solos (graded from Associated Board Grades III to V)
Juilliard : a history
The Eastman School of Music : its first quarter century 1921-1946
Music in Latvia : 1st international music industry forum forte Riga may 20-23, 1999.
Music of Finland
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2014. Nro 1 : Vol. 17
With the Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin Catalogue a complete catalogue of the music archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin is now available for the first time since the archive, which disappeared during World War II, was rediscovered in 1999. Since 2001 the more than 260,000 pages of music manuscripts, copies and first prints (from 17th to early 19th cent.) were revised by two musicologists which compiled an index of shelf marks and an index of composers. Thus detailed searches in the holdings of the archive (which were filmed since 2002 in severeal parts on microfiche at K. G. Saur) are possible for the first time. The Catalogue lists 9,735 works of 1,008 different composers. It provides also a concordance signature - microfiche and therefore serves as a cumulated guide to the microfiche editions, all the more the registers have been revised and improved. The unique collection is introduced by a number of articles by musicologists Axel Fischer, Christoph Henzel, Klaus Hortschansky, Matthias Kornemann, Ulrich Leisinger, Mary Oleskiewicz, Ralph-J. Reipsch, and Tobias Schwinger.
The Jerusalem Rubin Academy of Music and Dance in its 50th year
This article examines the sociocultural learning of popular and jazz music in communities of practice as part of secondary vocational music education in a Finnish conservatory. The research is based on performance workshops which were implemented as a joint effort between professional musicians and music students. These workshops are suggested as a method of utilising communities of practice. Research outcomes show that the workshops include opportunities for learning and developing musicianship on many levels. The potential of sociocultural learning should be recognised in music schools and teachers should develop learning environments which utilise it. Learning from playing experiences and from the evaluation of learning outcomes are largely the students' responsibility who require autonomy, initiative, the ability to solve problems and collaborate, and a readiness to reflect on experiences.
A working class hero is something to be... : Hagström's music education and class struggles, cultural capital and democracy in Swedish music education from the 1940s to the 1970s
The Sibelius Academy, yesterday and today
Made in PORK : the bands play their originals
A romantic sketchbook for piano. Book 2, 37 moderately easy pieces composed c.1825-c.1950
In search of good relationships to music : understanding aspiration and challenge in developing music school teacher practices
A total institution within reach? : music education at Framnäs Folk High School in the 1950s and 60s
The reflective conservatoire : studies in music education
"Playing with the professional musician is the best way to learn” : workshop-based on-the-job learning in the vocational education of musicians.
Aspects of musical life and music education in Finland
Finnish Music Quarterly 1999:3 : Film music paints the Finnish mindscape
Reviving the musical vernacular
Music education in your hands : an introduction for future teachers
Raising lifelong music-lovers
A Modern method for keyboard study. Volume one : A comprehensive programmed keyboard method
Repertoire for music schools : vibraphone/marimba
The Accordion Institute in Finland
Training musicians and developing people : can a music conservatory do it all?
Collaborative learning in higher music education
Advanced musical performance : investigations in higher education learning
The conservatories of Finland : report of the international evaluation team
Can my music be your music today? : a case-study of teaching North-Indian art music in the Netherlands
A romantic sketchbook for piano. Book 1, 50 easy pieces composed c.1830-c.1950
Fame : extended dance edition
Evaluation of the Sibelius Academy : report of external visiting group
A romantic sketchbook for piano. Book 3, 28 intermediate pieces composed c.1830-c.1930
To talent alone : the Royal Irish Academy of Music 1848-1998
Lessons from a street-wise professor : what you won't learn at most music schools
Technic is fun. Book IV : Selected Studies
Stick control for the snare drummer : nationally Known Authority on Rudimental Drumming : principal of the Stone Drum and Xylophone School of Boston and Drum Editor of "The International Musician"
Technic is fun. Book III : Selected Studies
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
A romantic sketchbook for piano. Book 4, 25 moderately difficult pieces composed c.1830-c.1930
Music education & law : regulation as an instrument
Improvisation, creativity, and consciousness : jazz as integral template for music, education, and society
Rock school
A Modern method for keyboard study. Volume four : A comprehensive programmed keyboard method
The Dukebox : a celebration of the music of Edward Kennedy Ellington
Music, talent, and performance : a conservatory cultural system
The Art of song
Stick control for the snare drummer
Norssimix
Juilliard
Communities of Practice in the Conservatory : Learning with a Professional Musician
Rhinegold world conservatoires
Musikaalisuuden ytimessä : juhlakirja Kai Karmalle = In the heart of musicality : essays in honour of Kai Karma
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2013. Nro 2 : Vol. 16
The Archive of the Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : catalogue = Das Archiv der Sing-Akademie zu Berlin : Katalog
Creating a musical school
A romantic sketchbook for piano. Book 5, 23 advanced pieces composed c.1830-c.1915
