http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15590 oral surgery
oral surgery
Outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment
XXIV Conference : final program, abstracts : 12-16 August 1992, the Self-Government Building, Mariehamn, Åland Islands, Finland
Register of dental implants.
Contemporary oral and maxillofacial surgery
SFOMK 2000 Oulu : 29th Congress of SFOMK 8-10 June 2000, Pohto, Oulu, Finland : programme and abstract book
Control mechanisms of speech production : evidence from acoustic studies of speech after neural and muscular manipulations of the tongue
Abstract.
"Diagnostic Imaging: Oral and Maxillofacial is the newest title in the popular Diagnostic Imaging series by Amirsys. This book is written primarily for dentists who currently use or plan to use CT or CBCT technology in their practices. It can also benefit radiologists interested in the head and neck region who would like a dentist's perspective. The authors are a large team of renowned oral and maxillofacial dentists and radiologists. Unlike most head and neck radiology books, this volume uses proper dental nomenclature and dental anatomy descriptions throughout. It offers a comprehensive review of the oral and maxillofacial complex and reviews the imaging of its common pathologies. It includes a complete section on differential diagnoses that offers an intuitive and simplified method of reviewing pathology according to its radiographic appearance. Featuring over 1,000 images, this volume has a unique focus on three-dimensional imaging rather than intraoral and extraoral plain film radiography. This approach provides the practitioner with a quick and easy reference to the radiographic appearance of the normal as well as abnormal oral and maxillofacial complex. The book includes three main sections: 1) imaging anatomy, which covers normal dental anatomy and nomenclature as well as radiographic anatomy of the oral and maxillofacial complex, 2) diagnostic imaging, which reviews the radiographic appearance of pathology that affects the oral region, and 3) a list of differential diagnoses, which offers a unique and simplified method of categorizing pathology according to radiographic appearance. Like all Amirsys radiology titles, the book also features easy-to-read bulleted text, detailed radiographic images, and superb medical illustrations" --Provided by publisher.
Essentials of orthognathic surgery
Bioactive glass as a bone substitute material in oral and maxillofacial surgery
Extraoral bone harvesting sites : for oral and maxillofacial surgery
Video atlas of cleft lip and palate surgery
The retention of a complete denture and the patient’s adaptation varies considerably among different individuals. Resorption of the edentulous alveolar ridge differs greatly and some patients need implant-retained overdentures to enable adequate retention of their prostheses. In some extreme cases it is necessary to increase the volume of the alveolar ridge with bone grafts. The aim of this study was to examine the outcome of implant-supported overdenture treatment conducted in Oulu University Hospital. The aim was also to assess the impact of treatment on oral health-related quality of life and patient satisfaction.The study group was comprised of patients treated with a mandibular or maxillary implant overdenture and a group of patients with extreme mandibular bone resorption treated with extraoral bone grafts and implants. The treatments were performed in 1985–2013 thus also providing long-term results.The results of this study showed predictable and successful treatment outcomes also among elderly patients and in severe situations with bone deficiency. The most frequent complication in the clinical follow-up was loosening of the retention mechanism, commonly noted in other previous studies. Despite some minor mechanical defects in prosthetic structures or mild mucosal inflammation around the implants, they did not hinder everyday use of the prostheses. Neither the number of supporting implants nor the connection type seemed to have a great impact on patient satisfaction. Older patients with a mandibular overdenture seemed to be most satisfied. In conclusion, treatment with implant overdentures seems to be successful also in the long-term.
Diagnostic imaging : oral and maxillofacial
Effect of perioperative dexamethasone on surgical site healing in patients with facial fractures
Abstract in english.
Correction of dentofacial deformities with orthognathic surgery : outcome of treatment with special reference to costs, benefits and risks
Optimization of postoperative pain prevention in outpatient oral and maxillofacial surgery
Intraoral bone harvesting in oral and maxillofacial surgery
Surgical-orthodontic treatment
Growth of the costochondral junction and its potential applicability for the reconstruction of the mandibular condyle
Quality management and work environment in Swedish oral and maxillofacial surgery
Functional outcome after free flap reconstructions in oral and pharyngeal cancer
Complications and compromised healing in mandibular bilateral sagittal split osteotomies
Neuromuscular dysfunction after surgical treatment of oral cancer
Distraction osteogenesis of irradiated rabbit mandible with and without hyperbaric oxygen therapy
Jaw cyst matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and inhibition of MMPs by bisphosphonates
Effect of treatment of severe malocclusion and related factors on oral health-related quality of life
The primordial cyst : a clinical and radiographic study
Fundamentals of esthetic implant dentistry
Speech defects after oral cancer surgery : functional and acoustic analyses of retrospective data
Contemporary treatment of dentofacial deformity
Future of biodegradable osteosynthesis in maxillofacial fracture surgery : [editorial]
Symposium on oral and maxillofacial surgery : [June 8-9, 1990 University of Kuopio, Kuopio, Finland] : programme and abstracts
Effect of CO[sub 2] laser surgery on rat mouth mucosa
Implant restorations : a step-by-step guide
Function of masticatory system after surgical-orthodontic correction of maxillomandibular discrepancies
Principles of oral and maxillofacial surgery. Volume 3
Evaluation of the biocompatibility of poly (ortho ester), copolymer of [epsilon]-caprolactone/D,L-lactide and the composite of copolymer of [epsilon]-caprolactone/D,L-lactide and tricalciumphosphate as bone filling material
Oral carcinoma of the retromolar trigone, maxillary alveolus and palate : considerations in surgical management
Cleft lip and palate : surgical, dental, and speech aspects
Rotation of the maxillomandibular complex : an alternative treatment design in orthognathic surgery
Safety and morbidity of intra-oral zygomatic bone graft harvesting : development of a novel bone harvesting technique
Growth of the costochondral junction and its potential applicability for the reconstruction of the mandibular condyle : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
The effects of the maxillary ossointegrated implant bridges of the upper jaw on the Finnish medioalveolar friactive /s
Children born with a cleft lip and or palate face numerous difficulties during the course of their lives. Their families must respond to the challenge of a high level of burden of care required by these patients. The studies listed in this thesis benchmark the characteristics of cleft lip and palate in a cohort of patients living in Northern Finland. These studies strived to consider epidemiologic aspects, speech results, palatal fistula rates and hearing outcome.Records of a total of 214 patients treated between 1998-2011 at the Oulu Cleft Lip and Palate Center were assessed on a retrospective basis. Cleft palate (68.7%) was most frequent followed by cleft lip and palate (18.7%) and cleft lip with or without alveolus (12.6%). Cleft palate occurred more frequently in females (63%) and cleft lip and palate was more frequent in males (62.5%) most commonly affecting the left side (82%).The overall frequency of speech operations following primary palatoplasty was 21%. This was significantly higher for girls (27%) than for boys (13%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to require speech improvement surgery (24%) than patients with isolated soft or soft and hard palate clefts (20%).The overall frequency of postoperative fistulas following primary palatoplasty was (9.6%). Patients with cleft lip and palate were more likely to develop postoperative palatal fistulas (20%) than patients with cleft palate (6.6%).The severity of the cleft, the surgical technique used to repair the palate, hearing outcome, and the need for ventilation tube placement were determined retrospectively. At least mild hearing loss was found in 3.3% of cleft patients. Neither the surgical technique used to repair the cleft palate nor the severity of the cleft were found to be significant factors related to hearing loss or to the number of ventilation tubes required. Hearing improved sig nificantly with increasing age over a span of 6 years.
20 years of education in oral and maxillofacial surgery at the University of Kuopio : reflections on the early history of Finnish oral and maxillofacial surgery
Peterson's principles of oral and maxillofacial surgery
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland:clefts in Northern Finland
Principles of oral and maxillofacial surgery. Volume 1
The need for orthognathic surgery in patients born with complete cleft palate or complete unilateral cleft lip and palate
Microtia
Short stay surgery replacing old systems
Aspects of cleft lip and palate from Northern Finland : clefts in Northern Finland
One-stage repair of isolated cleft palate : long term comparison of two surgical methods by operative results and craniofacial morphology
Oral health of patients scheduled for elective abdominal aortic correction with prosthesis
Principles of oral and maxillofacial surgery. Volume 2
Velopharyngeal function in cleft patients undergoing maxillary advancement
