http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15551 tape recording
tape recording
Internal mixing
The art of sound reproduction
On-Location recording techniques
Recording music on location : capturing the live performance
Secrets of house music production
Recording : the magazine for the recording musician
Abstract: User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog. The study was done to gather and analyze user experiences of the phone call recording system NICElog in Sampo Bank's Contact Center Helsinki. The study also explains technical details of the phone network used in Sampo Bank's Contact Center and sheds light on legal issues concerning phone banking and the recording of calls.    The main focus of the study were the interviews that were done with five team leaders who use NICElog in their daily work and also the interview with the director of the contact center of Sampo Bank Asko Mikkonen and the interview with Reijo Aarnio, the Data Protection Ombudsman of Finland. These interviews give a broad view of the daily user experiences of NICElog and the demands NICElog has to meet from the company's perspective and from the customers' perspective.    The phone network and what techniques it is based on was explained by Juha Ulpovaara and these techniques are explained in the study. The director of the study in the company, Juha Ulpovaara, also aided in compiling the interview questions and he also helped to decide who should be interviewed. The part of the legal issues of the study were done based on the conversations with Asko Mikkonen and Reijo Aarnio and also the official procedures of Sampo Bank.    The interviews were conducted with five team leaders and in the interviews it was found out that the phone call recording system NICElog has some problems for example user id related but other than those the image of NICElog was positive. NICElog is an essential program in phone banking but also a very efficient tool in improving customer service skills.
Mixing, recording, and producing techniques of the pros
Reliability and validy in research based on tapes and transcripts
The complete guide to game audio: for composers, musicians, sound designers, and game developers
The art of recording : understanding and crafting the mix
Secrets of recording: professional tips, tools & techniques
Recording techniques for small studios
Music in video production
Digital intermediates for film and video
Creative recording. Part one : effects and processors
Broadcast sound technology
An introduction to music technology
Understanding video : applications, impact, and theory
Secrets of recording : professional tips, tools & techniques
Evaluation and control of physical load factors at work
User assesment of the phone call recording system Nicelog
The home recording handbook
Creative recording 1 : effects and processors
Practical recording techniques
Multi-track recording : [a technical and creative guide for the musician and home recorder]
Video playtime : the gendering of a leisure technology
Writer, producer, engineer : a handbook for creating contemporary commercial music
Camtasia Studio 5 : the definitive guide
Remix : the electronic music explosion
Sound and recording : an introduction
Audio production worktext : concepts, techniques, and equipment
Handbook for sound engineers
