http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15592 media culture
media culture
Social networks : promoting Mexican popular cultures and building a participatory culture
Is it just me or is everything shit? : the encyclopedia of modern life
Survival kit : part one : [published as part of the RAM 4 - Survival  Kit workshop 3-9 November 2003 in Helsinki] / [organised by Olento in collaboration with Nifca, the Nordic Institute for Contemporary Art]
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Advertising as culture
Global capital, local culture : transnational media corporations in China
Nordic media culture : actors and practices / Minna Tarkka and Mirjam Martevo (eds.)
We have TV, internet, phone, radio, movies, music, magazines and newspapers etc and there is no escape from media communications of one sort or another. So how do we begin to understand today's all-embracing media culture?In this book, all the key issues and debates in media studies are covered in a lively and accessible style.
Facebook for dummies
Short films : dispersive effects of clip thinking
The SAGE handbook of child development, multiculturalism, and media
The Handbook of Media Audiences
The funeral casino : meditation, massacre, and exchange with the dead in Thailand
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
Consumer behaviour : a European perspective
"The 'serial killer' has become increasingly prevalent in popular culture since the term was coined by Robert Ressler at the FBI in the mid-1970s. Murders and Acqusitions explores the social and political implications of this cultural figure. The collection argues that the often blood-chilling representations of the serial killer and serial killing offered in TV series, films, novels and fan productions function to address contemporary concerns and preoccupations. Focusing on well-known popular culture texts, such as The Wire, Kiss the Girls, Monster, the Saw series, American Psycho, The Strangers, CSI and Dexter, this electic anthology engages with a broad spectrum of cultural theory and performs critical textual analysis to examine the sophisticated ways the serial killer is deployed to mediate and/or work through cultural anxieties and fears"--
Cultural diversity and global media : the mediation of difference
Media culture : culturel studies, identity and politics between the modern and teh postmodern / Douglas Kellner
The case of California
Pinning down identity in social media: food cultural transfer on Pinterest
Toxic childhood : how the modern world is damaging our children and what we can do about it
Sign language media : an exploration of Flemish Deaf culture, media-exigencies and cross-medial perspectives
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Smoking typewriters : the Sixties underground press and the rise of alternative media in America
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Cybercultures : mediations of community, culture, politics
Digimodernism : how new technologies dismantle the postmodern and reconfigure our culture
Gateways_art and networked culture : Kumu Art Museum, Tallinn, 13.5. - 25.9.2011 = Gateways_Kunst und vernetzte Kultur : Kumu Kunstmuseum, Tallinn, 13.5. - 25.9.2011 / edited by Sabine Himmelsbach for the Goethe-Institut and the Kumu Art Museum = herausgegeben von Sabine Himmelsbach für das Goethe-Institut und das Kumu Kunstmuseum
Cyberculture : the key concepts / David Bell, Brian D. Loader, Nicholas Pleace and Douglas Schuler
The so called 'cartoon crisis' that arose in the wake of the publication of twelve satirical drawings of the Prophet Muhammad has been discussed in numerous ways. So far, however, the debate has not included a deeper analysis of why the desecration of Islam's prophet ignited such a response. Contrary to the claims of Islamic dogmaticism, the attributions regarding Muhammad's properties as a human being in Islamic culture in certain ways supersedes the cult for Allah. Muhammad is perceived as the perfect human being, and everything good about humanity consequently has Muhammad at its root. The disfavouring of Muhammad therefore is the disfavouring of any Muslim and of humanity as such. The article argues that the cartoons were interpreted more than anything else as a mockery of human dignity, and that the response was in defense of that rather than of Islamic dogmaticism.
The impact of culture on advertising appeals in mobile phone industry : a study of social video advertising in UK, Brasil, India and Poland
Mediating migration
Rock brands : selling sound in a media saturated culture
Interface bending : as a media archaeological approach for interactive art
Texts : contemporary cultural texts and critical approaches
Neue Medienpraktiken : die sprachliche Dimension = New media practices : the language dimension = Nouvelles pratiques de média : la dimension linguistique
A periphery media culture
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
European culture and the media : changing media, changing Europe
Parenting the touchscreen natives : dilemma with guidelines, content, and context
Participation and mediation : a practical theology for the liquid church
Multimedia : texts and contexts
Bourdieu, language and the media
You are here : art after the internet / edited by Omar Kholeif
Finnish media education policies : approaches in culture and education
Strategies of social screen play(ers) across the ecosystem of play: toys, games and hybrid social play in technologically mediated playscapes
Babes in tomorrowland : Walt Disney and the making of the American child, 1930-1960
War and peace in the global village
After the future
Media movements : civil society and media policy reform in Latin America
Understanding media : the extensions of man
e-parenting : Keeping up with your tech-savvy kids
Coded cultures : creative practices out of diversity
Youth media
Media culture research programme : evaluation report
Fashion in popular culture : literature, media and contemporary studies
""Be the best you can be" urge self-help books and makeover TV shows, but what kind of self is imagined as needing a makeover and what kind of self is imagined as the happy result? Drawing on recent sociology and psychology, this book explores the function of slummy mummies, headless zombies and living autopsies to creating an idea of self"--
Silent democracy, noisy media
Moving images, culture and the mind
Understanding media and culture : an introduction to mass communication
Idols and celebrity in Japanese media culture
Liveness : performance in a mediatized culture / Philip Auslander
Image world : art and media culture
Gender setting : new agendas for media monitoring and advocacy
"Video gaming: it's a boy's world, right? That's what the industry wants us to think. Why and how we came to comply are what Carly A. Kocurek investigates in this provocative consideration of how an industry's craving for respectability hooked up with cultural narratives about technology, masculinity, and youth at the video arcade.From the dawn of the golden age of video games with the launch of Atari's Pong in 1972, through the industry-wide crash of 1983, to the recent nostalgia-bathed revival of the arcade, Coin-Operated Americans explores the development and implications of the "video gamer" as a cultural identity. This cultural-historical journey takes us to the Twin Galaxies arcade in Ottumwa, Iowa, for a close look at the origins of competitive gaming. It immerses us in video gaming's first moral panic, generated by Exidy's Death Race (1976), an unlicensed adaptation of the film Death Race 2000. And it ventures into the realm of video game films such as Tron and WarGames, in which gamers become brilliant, boyish heroes.Whether conducting a phenomenological tour of a classic arcade or evaluating attempts, then and now, to regulate or eradicate arcades and coin-op video games, Kocurek does more than document the rise and fall of a now-booming industry. Drawing on newspapers, interviews, oral history, films, and television, she examines the factors and incidents that contributed to the widespread view of video gaming as an enclave for young men and boys.A case study of this once emergent and now revived medium became the presumed enclave of boys and young men, Coin-Operated Americans is history that holds valuable lessons for contemporary culture as we struggle to address pervasive sexism in the domain of video games--and in the digital working world beyond. "--
The secret war between downloading and uploading : tales of the computer as culture machine
How Finnish companies use social media in China, and are cultural differences taken into account?
Telepresence and sexuality : a review and a call to scholars
Media and cultural studies : key works / edited by Meenakshi Gigi Durham and Douglas M. Kellner
Liveness : performance in a mediatized culture
Hallyu : influence of Korean popular culture in Asia and beyond
Study of internet material use in education in Finland
We examined the influence of meme consistency (vs. inconsistency) and intragroup status on the spread of memes in virtual communities. Prior research suggests that information consistent with the theme of the group is remembered better and that ideas threatening to the group identity are rejected. In addition, previous research shows that low-status group members mimic high-status members and communicate with them to seek information and approval. We analyzed social interactions among members of four online forums from January 1, 2010, to February 21, 2014. Contrary to our prediction, our results show that memes initiated by low-status members spread faster than memes started by high- or moderate-status members. In line with prior research, memes that were consistent with a forum theme were spread more frequently than inconsistent memes..
A geology of media
Sexplosion : from Andy Warhol to A clockwork orange - how a generation of pop rebels broke all the taboos
Illusions in motion : media archaeology of the moving panorama and related spectacles / Erkki Huhtamo
In the company of media : cultural constructions of communication, 1920s-1930s
Emperor's handbook : state grade society doctrines : how to buid and maintain influence in a modern media society
Preliminary materials for a theory of the young-girl
Wiki management : a revolutionary new model for a rapidly changing and collaborative world
Digital pioneers : cultural drivers of future media culture
Survival Kit : part one : [handbook  for our media survival]
The new media and heterotopic technologies in the Philippines
Coin-operated Americans : rebooting boyhood at the video game arcade
Culture, media, theory, practice : perspectives
Transmediality and transculturality
Pinning down identity in social media : Food cultural transfer on Pinterest
It has become something of a cliché within the field of narratology to assert the commercial, aesthetic, and sociocultural relevance of narrative representations, but the fact remains that narratives are everywhere. Whenever we read a novel or a comic, watch a film or an episode of our favorite television series, or play the latest video game, we are likely to engage with narrative media. Similarly, the intermedial adaptations and transmedial entertainment franchises that have become increasingly visible during the past few decades are, at their core, narrative forms. Since a significant part of contemporary media culture is defined by the narratives we tell each other via various media, the media studies discipline needs a genuinely transmedial narratology. Transmedial Narratology and Contemporary Media Culture focuses on the intersubjective construction of storyworlds as well as on prototypical forms of narratorial and subjective representation. It provides not only a method for the analysis of salient transmedial strategies of narrative representation in contemporary films, comics, and video games but also a theoretical frame within which medium-specific approaches from literary and film narratology, from comics studies and game studies, and from various other strands of media and cultural studies may be employed to further our understanding of narratives across media.
Interrogating postfeminism : gender and the politics of popular culture
ZKM, Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe
Sincerity after communism : a cultural history
Mass effect : art and the internet in the twenty-first century / edited by Lauren Cornell and Ed Halter
The marvelous clouds : toward a philosophy of elemental media
Discourses of integration : immigrants' perceptions of cross-cultural adaptation in letters to the editor
Digital culture : the changing dynamics
Impact of status and meme content on the spread of memes in virtual communities
Nordic media culture : actors and practices
"This fascinating text introduces readers to postcolonial theory using the context of British media culture in ethnic minority communities to explain key ideas and debates. Each chapter considers a specific media output and uses a wealth of examples to offer an absorbing insight into postcolonial media for all students of cultural and media studies".
Genre studies in mass media : a handbook
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
The acclaimed comedian teams up with a New York University sociologist to explore the nature of modern relationships, evaluating how technology is shaping contemporary relationships and considering the differences between courtships of the past and present.
Upstaged : making theatre in the media age
Mediasphere Shanghai : the aesthetics of cultural production
Sonic soma : sound, body and the origins of the alphabet
New media culture in Europe : art, research, innovation, participation, public domain, learning, education, policy
Print, chaos, and complexity : Samuel Johnson and eighteenth-century media culture
Culture and the media in the USSR today
Delusive spaces : essays on culture, media and technology
Pirate modernity : Delhi's media urbanism
Pornification : sex and sexuality in media culture / edited by: Susanna Paasonen, Kaarina Nikunen and Laura Saarenmaa ; [texts: Mireille Miller-Young...[et al.]]
Deep time of the media : toward an archaeology of hearing and seeing by technical means
Mass media in C.M.E.A. countries
International cultural policies and power
The international handbook of children, media and culture
Central and Eastern Euorpean media under dictatorial rule and in the early Cold War
Bio colonialism : copycat inspiration / Khaled D. Ramadan
Confronting the challenges of participatory culture : media education for the 21st century
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Transmedial narratology and contemporary media culture
How to see the world : a Pelican introduction
"The Routledge Handbook of Chinese Media is a prestigious reference work providing an overview of the study of Chinese media. The editors bring together an interdisciplinary perspective with contributions from an international team of renowned scholars on subjects such as television, journalism and the internet and social media. Locating Chinese media within a regional setting by focusing on 'Greater China', the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau and overseas Chinese communities; the chapters highlight the convergence of media and platforms in the region and emphasise the multi-directional and trans-national character of media and information flows in East Asia"-- Provided by publisher.
Communication, cultural and media studies : the key concepts / John Hartley ; with additional material by Martin Montgomery, Elinor Rennie and Marc Brennan
The spectacle of accumulation : essays in culture, media, & politics
Developing dialogic communication culture in media education : integrating dialogism and technology
Nineteenth-century media and the construction of identities
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Post-cinematic affect
The integrated media machine : III - IV : aspects of furure interfaces and cross-mdeia culture / esited by Mauri Ylä-Kotola & Sam Inkinen & Hannakaisa Isomäki
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Brands : meaning and value in media culture
The new media handbook
Women and media for social change : communications initiatives worldwide
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Twee : the gentle revolution in music, books, television, fashion, and film
Media, society, world : social theory and digital media practice
The terms transmediality and transculturality by the ambiguity of the prefix denote transcendence as well as procedurality and provisionality. Since the mid-20th century, transmediality and transculturality have been launched into debates about cultural and medial sectionalisms when competing terms such as inter- or multiculturality and inter- or multimediality entrenched virulent distinctions for the organization of privilege and hierarchy. As pragmatic alternatives, transmediality and transculturality seek to describe experience with more comprehensive realism and greater temporary adequacy. The volume comprises essays by scholars from American Studies, Inter-American Studies, Media Studies, and Comparative Literature and Culture which explore transmediality and transculturality from different perspectives and in various cultural contexts and languages, covering a timespan that reaches from the Renaissance to the 21st century and a provenance of works from Europe, the Caribbean, and the United States. A first section applies the concept of transmediality and traces its origin to notions of intermedia in post-World War II transatlantic culture; the second section of the volume is dedicated to the work of Cuban sociologist Fernando Ortiz who coined the term transculturation in the 1940s and instigated its academic discussion; and a third section offers essays that sound the contemporary potential of a correlation of both terms towards a general typology of cultural and medial phenomena.
Media studies : theories and approaches
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The adults are just playing... : discussing educational responsibility in the contexts of sex education and pornographisation of culture
Between truth and time : a history of Soviet Central Television
European cinema and television : cultural policy and everyday life
Hybrid media culture : sensing place in a world of flows
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
Routledge handbook of Chinese media
Crowdsourcing our cultural heritage
Crisis of Presence in Contemporary Culture
Food for thought : consumer culture ideology in Regular Show
Media history is millions, even billions, of years old. That is the premise of this pioneering and provocative book, which argues that to adequately understand contemporary media culture we must set out from material realities that precede media themselves-Earth's history, geological formations, minerals, and energy. And to do so, writes Jussi Parikka, is to confront the profound environmental and social implications of this ubiquitous, but hardly ephemeral, realm of modern-day life. Exploring the resource depletion and material resourcing required for us to use our devices to live networked lives, Parikka grounds his analysis in Siegfried Zielinski's widely discussed notion of deep time-but takes it back millennia. Not only are rare earth minerals and many other materials needed to make our digital media machines work, he observes, but used and obsolete media technologies return to the earth as residue of digital culture, contributing to growing layers of toxic waste for future archaeologists to ponder. He shows that these materials must be considered alongside the often dangerous and exploitative labor processes that refine them into the devices underlying our seemingly virtual or immaterial practices. A Geology of Mediademonstrates that the environment does not just surround our media cultural world-it runs through it, enables it, and hosts it in an era of unprecedented climate change. While looking backward to Earth's distant past, it also looks forward to a more expansive media theory-and, implicitly, media activism-to come.
The creative industries : culture and policy
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Producing dreams, consuming youth : Mexican Americans and mass media
In an age of global information structures, what scope exists for independent citizen action in media and cultural policy formation? How can audiences effectively voice critiques of media content? In an increasingly market-centred and consumer-oriented media world, what is the potential for monitoring, lobbying and advocacy? This book argues that despite the breakdown of traditional patterns of regulation, there is a role for local action to promote diversity in the media. Focusing on media portrayals of gender, more particularly the media's role in reproducing and reinforcing patterns of discrimination against women in society, the book aims to unify the hitherto disparate strands of academic research and feminist activism in the form of gender media monitoring aimed at policy critique and practical change. Research findings and monitoring experiences from both North and South are brought together to demonstrate how, with varying levels of resources and expertise, women's groups have developed monitoring models that can be effective in widely different media contexts. Drawn from countries as diverse as Canada, India, Spain, Jamaica, Australia and South Africa, these approaches will have lessons for everyone concerned about media democracy and diversity in the new information age.
Media between culture and commerce
Cultural ways of worldmaking : media and narratives
Artesto : connect to art : la mobilità dell'arte tra innovazione e riflessione : la Triennale di Milano, 22 febbraio - 19 marzo 2006 = Artext : connect to art : art mobility : innovation and reflection / a cura di = edited by Lorella Scacco, Marianne Viglione ; [testi = texts Eero Miettinen ... [et al.]]
Globalization and media : global village of Babel
Identity games : globalization and the transformation of media cultures in the new Europe
Barthes' mythologies today : readings of contemporary culture
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Bad feminist : essays
Little friends : children's film and media culture in China
Media trends 2006 in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden : radio, TV & Internet : descriptive analyses and statistics
Murders and acquisitions : representations of the serial killer in popular culture
The space of the screen in contemporary French and francophone fiction
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
Art and artefact / Jean Baudrillard ; edited by Nicholas Zurbrugg
Žižek and the media
New media, old media : a history and theory reader / edited by Wendy Hui Kyong Chun & Tomas Keenan
Techniques of the visible : 2004 Shanghai Biennale, Sept. 2004 / chief editor: Fang Zengxian, Xu Jiang
The public relations handbook
Media archaeology : approaches, applications, and implications / edited by Erkki Huhtamo and Jussi Parikka
No TV, OK? : human interest, the lowest common denominator
Understanding media users : from theory to practice
Modern romance
What is media archaeology? / Jussi Parikka
Carry on, teachers! : representations of the teaching profession in screen culture
YouTube : online video and participatory culture
How did the New Left uprising of the 1960s happen? What caused millions of young people--many of them affluent and college educated--to suddenly decide that American society needed to be completely overhauled? Historian John McMillian shows that one answer to these questions can be found in the emergence of a dynamic underground press in the 1960s. Following the lead of papers like the Los Angeles Free Press, the East Village Other, and the Berkeley Barb, young people across the country launched hundreds of mimeographed pamphlets and flyers, small press magazines, and underground newspapers. New and cheap printing technologies had democratized the publishing process, and by the decade's end the combined circulation of underground papers stretched into the millions. Though not technically illegal, these papers were often genuinely subversive, and many who produced and sold them--on street-corners, at poetry readings, gallery openings, and coffeehouses--became targets of harassment from local and federal authorities. With writers who actively participated in the events they described, underground newspapers captured the zeitgeist of the '60s, speaking directly to their readers, and reflecting and magnifying the spirit of cultural and political protest. McMillian gives special attention to the ways underground newspapers fostered a sense of community and played a vital role in shaping the New Left's "movement culture.
Transforming images : screens, affect, futures
Lifestyle media and the formation of the self
After the Future explores our century-long obsession with the concept of "the future." Beginning with F. T. Marinetti's "Futurist Manifesto" and the worldwide race toward a new and highly mechanized society that defined the "Century of Progress," highly respected media activist Franco Berardi traces the genesis of future-oriented thought through the punk movement of the early '70s and into the media revolution of the '90s. Cyberculture, the last truly utopian vision of the future, has ended in a clash, and left behind an ever-growing system of virtual life and actual death, of virtual knowledge and actual war. Our future, Berardi argues, has come and gone; the concept has lost its usefulness. Now it's our responsibility to decide what comes next. Drawing on his own involvement with the Autonomia movement in Italy and his collaboration and friendship with leading thinkers of the European political left, including Félix Guattari and Antonio Negri, Berardi presents a highly nuanced analysis of the state of the contemporary working class, and charts a course out of the modern dystopian moment. Franco Berardi, better known in the United States as "Bifo", is an Italian autonomist philosopher and media activist. One of the founders of the notorious Radio Alice, a pirate radio station that became the voice of the autonomous youth movement of Bologna in the late 1970s, Bifo is the author of multiple works of theory, including the recently published The Soul at Work and "The Post-Futurist Manifesto".
Media and cultural studies : keyworks
Media culture : cultural studies, identity and politics between the modern and the postmodern
The video game theory reader 2
Digital material : tracing new media in everyday life and technology
MobileMonday culture : the lure of participatory space
Cultural intermediaries in the popular music business : case: Contemporary Hit Radio
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
Weapons of mass defamation : aspects of the 2006 'Cartoon Crisis'
European film and media culture
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
The frontiers of visual anthropology
The Nordic media market 2015 : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Using Delhi ́s contemporary history as a site for reflection, Pirate Modernity moves from a detailed discussion of the technocratic design of the city by US planners in the 1950s, to the massive expansions after 1977, culminating in the urban crisis of the 1990s. As a practice, pirate modernity is an illicit form of urban globalization. Poorer urban populations increasingly inhabit non-legal spheres: unauthorized neighborhoods, squatter camps and bypass legal technological infrastructures (media, electricity). This pirate culture produces a significant enabling resource for subaltern populations unable to enter the legal city. Equally, this is an unstable world, bringing subaltern populations into the harsh glare of permanent technological visibility, and attacks by urban elites, courts and visceral media industries. The book examines contemporary Delhi from some of these sites: the unmaking of the citys modernist planning design, new technological urban networks that bypass states and corporations, and the tragic experience of the road accident terrifyingly enhanced by technological culture. Pirate Modernity moves between past and present, along with debates in Asia, Africa and Latin America on urbanism, media culture, and everyday life.
"Little, green and beautiful ?" : theoretical and methodological aspects on researching craft represented in the media
Cultural heritage in social media : Museum of Photography
