http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15526 barley
barley
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Metabolic engineering of starch synthesis in barley
Exploring and mapping genetic variation in wild barley, Hordeum spontaneum
Effects of physical treatment of barley and rapeseed meal in dairy cows given grass silage-based diets
Regeneration of fertile barley plants from protoplasts and production of transgenic barley by electroporation
Barley genetics I : proceedings of the 1st International barley genetics symposium : Wageningen 26-31 August 1963
Molecular studies of two endosperm expressed genes from cereals : maize ZmMybst1 and barley LTP1 = Molekylære studier av to emdosperm uttrykte gener fra kornartene mais ZmMybst! og bygg LTP1
Complementation of conditional lethals, albinos or chlorotics, or of shrunken endosperm or dwarf mutants as selectable markers in transgenic progenies of barley and other plant species
Barley and oat protein products from wet processes : food use potential
Occurrence of rhynchosporium secalis (Oud.) J. J. Davis on spring barley and winter rye in Finland
Production of a cellulosic substrate susceptible to enzymatic hydrolysis  from prehydrolyzed barley husks
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Metabolism of starch synthesis in developing grains of the shx shrunken mutant of barley (Hordeum vulgare)
Role of lipids in barley malting and during use malt
Yield trends of temperate cereals in high lattitude countries from 1940 to 1998.
Seed technology and its biological basis
Plant-aphid interactions : studies of cyanogenic glucosides and aphid-induced responses in Hordeum vulgare
Barley wine : history, brewing, techniques, recipes
Cytoplasmic male sterility in barley. 10, Deposited appendices 1 and 2
Estimated metabolizable energy yields of perennial and annual grass swards compared with those of spring barley and oat
Barley for food and health : science, technology, and products
Optimizing anther culture for barley breeding
Plant volatiles mediate tritrophic interactions : barley, aphids and ladybirds
Pathogenesis-related proteins in barley : localization and accumulation patterns in response to infection by Bipolaris sorokiniana
The biotechnology of malting and brewing
Barley genetics III: proceedings of the 3r d International barley genetics symposium : Carching, 7-12 July 1975
Improvement of malting quality of barley by complementing the malt enzyme spectrum
Genetic variation, occurrence of mating types and different forms of Pyrenophora teres causing net blotch of barley in Finland
Conventional and organic cropping system at Suitia = Suitian viljelyjärjestelmät
The effect of diet on the meat quality of dairy bulls
Structure and putative function of a vacuolar barley aspartic proteinase
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
The effect of climatic factors on the hectare yields of barley, oats and spring wheat in Finland in 1972-77
Characteristics of the barley yellow dwarf virus in Finland
Studies on meiosis and induced sterility in barley
Elsevier's dictionary of barley, malting and brewing in six languages : German, English/American, French, Danish, Italian, Spanish
Genetic variation of barley β-amylase gene expressed in grain
An analysis of the influence of water and nutrient deficiencies on the spectral signature of barley : field measurements in the wavelength range 0.4-2.3 m
Rice and Barley offerings in the Veda
Time saving method for protoplast isolation, transformation and transient gene expression assay in barley
Ethanol production under endogenous crop prices : theoretical analysis and application to barley
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Barley : production, cultivation and uses
Retrotransposon BARE1 translation, localization, and VLP formation in barley
Performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on silages made of whole-crop barley, whole-crop wheat, hairy vetch and grass
Heavy metal traces in growing medium of barley and carrot fertilised with septic tank sludge, urine and composted faeces
Genetic analyses of resistance in barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) against scald (Rhynchosporium secalis (Oudem.) J.J. Davis) = Genetiske analyser av resistens mot grå øyeflekk (Rhynchosporium secalis (Oudem.) J.J. Davis) i bygg (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Barley genetics II : proceedings of the 2nd International barley genetics symposium : [Washington state university, Pullman, Washington, July 6-11, 1969]
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Structure, expression and intracellular targeting of barley aspartic proteinase
Effects of variety, soil type and nitrogen fertilizer supply on the nutritive value of barley for growing pigs
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Characterization of high-lysine barley genotypes
Boron deficiency in barley
Naked (nud) barley, Hordeum vulgare : a series of misunderstandings of its onomatopoetic name himalais- as himmels- ('celestial'), himalayense and guimalaye ('Himalayan') along with its migration
Barley : chemistry and technology
Genetic and environmental variation in chemical composition of grains in barley and oats
Barley & malt committee. Report on field trials 1986 (malted Jan./Febr. 1987), vol. 37.
Genetic variation of barley [beta]-amylase gene expressed in grain
Genetic mapping of traits important in barley breeding
Natural dietary therapies for the 'gluten syndrome'
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Lipid profiles and storage stability of extruded oats and flours of non-heat-treated and heat-treated oats
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) cultivar identification by polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of hordein proteins: Cultivar
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
Competition and yield advantage in barley-barley and barley-oats mixtures
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Wheat and barley production in Great Britain, 1994/95 : year two of the CAP reform
Ammonia volatilization, nitrogen in soil, and growth of barley after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Barley seed as a production host for industrially important proteins
Beeta-glucans in malting and brewing
A problem in gluten analysis has been inconsistent extractability of prolamins, particularly from processed foods consisting of unknown portions of prolamins from wheat, barley, and rye. This study aimed at improving the extraction of prolamins for immunological analysis, regardless of the cereal species and the production process. The prolamins were extracted with varying concentrations of ethanol, 1-propanol, and 2-propanol. Sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and Western blotting were applied to study the protein composition of the extracts and the antibody recognition of the prolamin subgroups. We characterized the affinities of prolamin-specific antibodies that are used in gluten analysis against the prolamin groups that were soluble in 40% 1-propanol. The antibody R5 recognized more abundantly the medium-molecular weight groups, including polymeric proteins, and less the high-molecular weight groups than the anti-ù-gliadin antibody. In the present study, the prolamins were most efficiently extracted by 40% 1-propanol with 1% dithiothreitol at 50 °C . The prolamins were extracted from processed bread samples with efficiency similar to that from untreated meal samples.
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Barley genetics V : proceedings of the 5th International barley genetics symposium, October 6-11, 1986, Okayama, Japan
Genetics of Rhynchosporium secalis (Oud.) J. J. Davis resistance in barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) = Genetiske studier av resistens mot Rhynchosporium secalis (Oud.) J. J. Davis i bygg (Hordeum vulgare L.)
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Corn and its early fathers
Growth and architecture of dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines under northern latitutes
Replacing grass silage with pea-barley intercrop silage in the feeding of the dairy cow
Prochloraz tolerance of Pyrenophora teres population in Finland
The transcription regulation of retrotransposon BARE
Handbook of cereal science and technology
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
A cook's guide to grains : delicious recipes, culinary advice & nutritional facts
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
Ensiled rolled barley grain to cattle : from harvest to milk and beef
The chemistry and technology of cereals as food and feed
Atlas of cereal diseases and pests in Europe
Barley genetics IV: proceedings of the 4th International barley genetics symposium : Edinburgh 22-29 July 1981.
Reduction in yield and changes in brewing quality of barley caused by Macrosiphum avenae (F.) (Hom., Aphididae)
Barley for food : technological and nutritional studies with emphasis on carbohydrates
Hybrids, partial hybrids and monoploids from interspecific crosses of the Triticeae species attained by in vitro embryo culture
Another source of genes with high beta-amylase activity in barley grain: Finnish landraces
Genetics and physiology of maternal male sterility and its restoration in barley
Decision support system for agricultural land use and fertilisation optimisation : a case study on barley production in Estonia
Technology brewing and malting
The taxonomy and phylogeny of Hordeum L. sect. Cerelia Ands. : with special reference to Thibetan barleys
Soil water requirements and reponse to fertilisation of barley in Northern Ethiopia = Krav til jordråme og utslag for gjødsling hos bygg i Nord-Etiopia
Morphological and moleular markers diversity in Ethiopian landrace barleys : implications to in situ and ex situ conservation of landrace materials
Changes in varietal distribution of cereals in central and Western Europe
Studies on starch structure and the differential properties of starch branching enzymes
Compendium of barley diseases
Fodder success story : improved fodder crop production in the northern areas of Pakistan
Studies on double-malting, a new malting technique based on removal of rootlets after a short initial germination
Growth and development of barley cultivars in relation to weed competition
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Optimization of assay conditions and cultivation temperature in the nitrogen metabolism of barley leaves
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Non-enzymatic degradation of (1→3)(1→4)-β-D-glucan in aqueous processing of oats
The Nordic barley catalogue
Differential expression of aspartic and cysteine proteinases, glutamine synthetase, and a stress protein, HVA1, in germinating barley
Advances in genetics
Principles of cereal science and technology
Molecular cloning and characterization of the beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase I genes from Escherichia coli and Hordeum vulgare L.
Barley science : recent advances from molecular biology to agronomy of yield and quality
Population structure of Pyrenophora teres, the causal agent of net blotch of barley
Characterization of water-insoluble components of dietary fiber in oats and barley
Microbes in the tailoring of barley malt properties
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Ultrastructure of biofilms formed by bacteria from industrial processes
Different formic acid levels in ensiling of whole crop barley and wheat
Breeding for resistance to barley net blotch (Pyrenophora teres)
Intermediate storage and wet separation of whole crop barley
Effects of applying stem-shortening plant growth regulators to leaves on root elongation by seedlings of wheat, oat and barley: mediation by ethylene
Symposium on the Molecular Biology of Barley, Vuoranta 13.-14.12.1987 : yhteenveto
Barley cell culture as a producer of heterologous protein
Cereal pests and diseases
Barley germplasm catalog. Part 2, Genetic resources program
Identification of barley cultivars using abbreviated hordein extraction and preparation techniques
Molecular study of chitinolytic enzyme encoding genes in Trichoderma atroviride strain P1 using real-time RT-PCR and the utilization of the genes in transgenic barley
Improved extraction of prolamins for gluten detection in processed foods
Nitrogen dynamics and nitrogen use efficiency of spring cereals under Finnish growing conditions
Effect of nitrogen on malting barley quality
Cytoplasmic male sterility in barley. XVI. Conditional lethal albino in msml, a double cytoplasmic mutant
Occurrence, catalytic properties, intracellular localization and structure of barley aspartic proteinase
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Spring barley yield and nitrogen recovery after application of peat manure and pig slurry
Lactic acid-fermented oats and barley for human dietary use : with special reference to Lactobacillus spp. and to nutritional and sensory properties
Effects of lipids, heating and enzymatic treatment on starches
Transgenic barley : from the laboratory to the field
