http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15607 museology
museology
Fashion and museums : theory and practice
Theorizing museums : representing identity and diversity in a changing world / edited by Sharon Macdonald and Gordon Fyfe
Sleepers : in search of lost old masters
Collecting, ordering, governing : anthropology, museums, and liberal government
ICOM Statutes : adopted by the eleventh general assembly of Icon Copenhagen, 14 June 1974
ICOM code of ethics for museums / ICOM
A guide to handling anthropological museum collections
Manual of curatorship : a guide to museum practice / [edited by] M. A. Thompson
A social history of museums : what the visitors thought
Heritage, collective and individual memory in Kate Atkinson's Behind the scenes at the museum
Oxygen-free museum cases / edited by Shin Maekawa
Papers from the seventh General Conference of ICOM = Actes de la septième Conférence Générale de l'ICOM : 22.9.-3.10.1965
Museums and popular culture / Kevin Moore
Museums : in search of a usable future
Representing archaeology in museums : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings London 1995
Meeting on the role of museums in education and cultural action = Colloque sur le rôle des Musées dans l'éducation et l'action culturelle : Moscow-Leningrad 14th-21st May 1968
The past, present and future of collecting : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Leeds 2008 and Winchester 2009
Borders of belonging : experiencing history, war and nation at a Danish Heritage Site
Museums' annual. Education, cultural action
The inbetweenness of things : materializing mediation and movement between worlds
Museums for the 21st century : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Liverpool 1997
Changes in museum practice : new media, refugees and participation
Beyond the box : diverging curatorial practices
ICOM 1992 : museums : rethinking the boundaries? : proceedings of the 16th International Council of Museums General Conference, Québec City, Canada, September 19-26, 1992 / [delegate editor: Céline Saucier]
Using museums : teachers' guide
Bibliographie muséologique international = International museological bibliography. 1978
The manual of museum management / Barry Lord and Gail Dexter Lord
Exhibit labels : an interpretive approach / Beverly Serrell
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 1, [1-7]
Action points : promoting more and better opportunities for adult learning in museums and galleries : changing lives across Europe
A study of science museums with special reference to their educational programs
Standards in the museum care of archaeological collections 1992.
Special Issue of the International conference : "history of Baltic Sea region via local history"
Communicating with the museum visitor : guidelines for planning / prepared by the communications design team of the Royal Ontario Museum
The new museology / edited by Peter Vergo
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume one
Training needs : training and professional development programmes for museum and gallery educators to support the delivery of lifelong learning
Introduction to the study of museology for the students of the International Summer School of Museology - ISSOM
Museum and gallery education : a manual of good practice
Museums, imagination and education
Code/words : technology and theory in the museum
Managing conservation in museums
Manual for small museums
Methodology of museology and professional traning : joint colloquim, London, July 1983. 1-3, Symposium Museum - territory - society : new tendencies/new practices : Addenda
Initiatives in museum education
Museums and the shaping of knowledge
What is a museum?
Hands on the past : pioneer archeologists tell their own story
Conservation standards for works of art in transit and on exhibition
A guide to the measurement of humidity
Museums and memory
The new museum registration methods
Beyond the glass case : the past, the heritage and the public Britain
The formation of national collections of art and archaeology / edited by Gwendolyn Wright
Museum and gallery education : a manual of good practice / edited by Hazel Moffat and Vicky Woollard
Building and emergency plan : a guide for museums and other cultural institutions / compiled by Valerie Dorge and Sharon L. Jones
A guide to the storage, exhibition and handling of antiquities, ethnographia and pictorial art
What to remember or not to memember : of scientific exhibitions and other cultural displays
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume two
Moving the mountain : the Science Museum of Minnesota guide to moving collections
Registration methods for the small museum
Museums of ideas : commitment and conflict : a collection of essays
Dust to dust? : field archaeology and museums
Planning for people in museum exhibitions
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 2, [8-9]
The New museology / edited by Peter Vergo
Towards a methodology of museology
Museums & social issues : a journal of reflective discourse
Through the collections of the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina
The 4th International Conference on Preserving archaeological remains "in situ" (PARIS4) : 23-26 May 2011, the National Museum of Denmark, Copenhagen
Education in museums, museums in education
Interpreting difficult history at museums and historic sites
The handbook for museums
ICOM '89 museums: generators of culture : reports and comments : The International Council of Museums, 15th general conference 27.8. - 6.9.1989, the Hague,  the Netherlands / [general editor Suzanne Blokhuis]
Report of the 21st Conference : September 2003
Museum ethics
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 5, [14-15]
Museum legs : [fatigue and hope in the face of art]
The manual of museum planning / edited by Gail Dexter Lord and Barry Lord
Values and heritage conservation : research report
The Caring museum : new models of engagement with ageing
The present and future of the literary museums and literature and art archives : literature exhibitions as forerunners of literature museums : 14th annual conference of the International Committee for Literary Museums, Helsinki 2  8 September 1991, Finla / edited by Raija Majamaa
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 6, [16-17]
Museums and innovations
Curating : the Contemporary Art Museum and beyond / [guest-edited by Anna Harding ; editor: Nicola Kearton]
"Ready for the New Millennium?" : futures for museum archaeology : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Hull 1990
Museum of Contemporary art Chicago : building program : draft
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 3, [10-11]
Manual for museums
Good news from the front line : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Coventry 2010
Porte aperte : l'accesso al patrimonio Europeo nei musei : [European Museum Forum Workshop 2001 : Monsummano Terme, Italia, 18-20 ottobre, 2001] = Opening doors : access to the European heritage in museums / a cura di = edited by: Massimo Negri ; European Museum Forum
ICOM '89 : Final announcement : museums : generators of culture = Dernier communique : musèes : gènèrateurs de culture : The Hague, The Netherlands, August 27 - September 5, 1989
The plundered past
Museum studies : an anthology of contexts
The Annual. Museums, education, cultural action : a publication of the International Council of Museums (ICOM)
Challenging History in the Museum explores work with difficult, contested and sensitive heritages in a range of museum contexts. It is based on the Challenging History project, which brings together a wide range of heritage professionals, practitioners and academics to explore heritage and museum learning programmes in relation to difficult and controversial subjects. The book draws on work from countries around the world including Brazil, Cambodia, Canada, England, Germany, Japan, Northern Ireland, Norway, Scotland, South Africa, Spain and USA and crosses a number of disciplines: Museum and Heritage Studies, Cultural Policy Studies, Performance Studies, Media Studies and Critical Theory Studies. It will also be of interest to scholars of Cultural History and Art History. --Publisher's description.
Museum worlds : advances in research
Presenting the past : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Bristol 2005 and Lincoln 2006
"What's mine is yours! - museum collecting policies" : Society of Museum Archaeologists, proceedings of the 1989 Newport Conference
Museum space : where architecture meets museology
Indulgence or necessity? : research in museum archaeology : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Stoke-on-Trent 1999
The museum and the modern world : the papers from the tenth general conference of ICOM = Le musée et le monde moderne : actes de la dixième conférence générale de l'ICOM / [by] International Council of Museums
Reinventing the Museum: The Evolving Conversation on the Paradigm Shift offers 44 seminal articles representing the changing perspectives about the role of museums in contemporary times. The book includes iconic pieces from the 20th century and presents the latest thinking of the past decade. The book begins with foundational writings that provide a thorough history of museum thought and theory. With this context established, Anderson presents articles that trace the emerging ideas in 21st-century museum studies on public engagement, frameworks, and leadership. In conjunction with introductory material and recommended additional readings, these articles will help students grasp the leading ideas and the essentials of the dialogue taking place in the museum field.
One might believe that museum studies is a stable field of academic inquiry based on a set of familiar institutional forms and functions. But as institutions museums have never been stable or singular, and neither has the discipline of museum studies. Museum studies as a field of academic inquiry has received little critical attention. One result of this neglect has arguably been a lack of invention in museum studies; another is the distancing of academic museum studies from museum practice. Doing Museology Differently charts a different course. A critical-creative reflection on academic practice, the book takes the form of a narrative account of museological fieldwork. A research story unfolds, challenging academic conventions at the level of its own presentation: the book combines critical museum visiting with an autobiographical voice. The identification of a previously underexplored interdisciplinary space leads the author to experiment with museum studies using contemporary developments in the theory and practice of human geography. The new approaches to museological research and representation that emerge from this unique inquiry challenge assumed institutional and intellectual boundaries and act as a call to further creative experimentation. --Publisher's description.
Museum as Process : translating local and global knowledges
Keyguide to information sources in Museum Studies / Peter Woodhead and Geoffrey Stansfield
Interpreting Difficult History at Museums and Historic Sites is framed by educational psychoanalytic theory and positions museum workers, public historians, and museum visitors as learners. Through this lens, museum workers and public historians can develop compelling and ethical representations of historical individuals, communities, and populations who have suffered. To learn more, check out the website here: http://interpretingdifficulthistory.com/.
Playing darts with a Rembrandt : public and private rights in cultural treasures
Museums in the landscape : bridging the gap : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings St. Albans 1996
The museum in the service of man: today and tomorrow : the museum's educational and cultural role : the papers from the ninth General Conference of Icom = Le musée au service des hommes aujourdȧhui et demain : le role éducatif et culturel de musée : actes de la neuviéme Conference Générale del'Icom
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Priceless heritage : the future of museums / Ian Finlay
"Why is fashion "in fashion" in museums today? This timely volume brings together expert scholars and curators to examine the reasons behind fashion's popularity in the twenty-first century museum and the impact this has had on wider museum practice.Chapters explore the role of fashion in the museum across a range of international case studies including the Costume Institute at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, The Fashion Museum at Bath, ModeMuseum in Antwerp and many more. Contributions look at topics such as how fashion has made museums accessible to diverse audiences and how curators present broader themes and issues such as gender, class and technology innovatively through exhibiting fashion. Drawing on approaches from dress history, fashion studies, museum studies and curatorship, this engaging book will be key reading for students and scholars across a range of disciplines"--
Museum and art gallery lighting : a recommended practice
The adult and the museum
Museum security and protection : a handbook for cultural heritage institutions / ICOM and the International Committee on Museum Security ; edited by David Liston
Micromuseology : an analysis of small independent museums
Art in transit : handbook for packing and transporting paintings / ed. by Mervin Richard, Marion F. Mecklenburg, Ross M. Merrill
"Picking up the pieces" : adapting to change in museums and archaeology : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Sheffield 1991
Museums and adult education
Museum and research
Registration scheme for museums and galleries: registration standard : draft for consultation
World museum publications 1982 : a directory of art and cultural museums, their publications and audio-visual materials
Sweden's biological museums
Safety in museums and galleries
Museums and the interpretation of visual culture / Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
The textile conservator's manual
Museums, adults, and the humanities : a guide for educational programming
The manual of museum management
Directory of Asian museums 1985 / prepared by the Unesco-ICOM Documentation Centre
Museum, media, message / edited by Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
"Museums without Borders presents a body of work from one of the most respected practitioners and scholars in the field with nearly 40 years of experience. Robert Janes explores, through his selected writings, the view that museums have a broader role to play in society than is conventionally assumed. This volume forms an evolutionary time capsule of the many issues that have, and will, continue to shape the museum sector for decades to come"--Provided by publisher.
Museum volunteers . good practice in the management of volunteers / Sinclair goodlad and Stepahnie McIvor
Studies in museum and museology in India
Collection management : a practical guide / written by Susanna Hillhouse
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 7, [19-20]
Making an impact : why museum archaeology matters
Planning our museums
Money and identity : lectures about history, design, and museology of money
Museum studies bibliography
Essays on museums and their theory : towards the cybernetic museum / Tomislav Sola
Museum ideas : innovation in theory and practice
Toward the 21st century : new directions for Canada's National Museums = En vue du 21e siècle : orientation nouvelle des musées nationnaux du Canada
Keyguide to information sources in museum studies
This Open Access publication presents key findings of research undertaken by the Eunamus consortium in its attempts to understand the 'museology of Europe'. This notion is used here to describe activities which are peculiar to museums and which result from the manner in which museums assemble and deploy objects. This idea can also be used to understand the museological aspects of the city, in which architecture, buildings, monuments, parks, piazzas and boulevards become curated objects.
The end(s) of the Museum = Els limits del museu
Museum news
Museum international
Past perfect : studies in museum archaeology : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Carlisle 2001 and Colchester 2002
Managing conservation in museums / Suzanne Keene
Museums without borders : selected writings of Robert R. Janes
Museums for social harmony : public education and museums
"Museums are among the iconic buildings of the twenty-first century, as remarkable for their architectural diversity as for the variety of collections they display. But how does the architecture of museums affect our experience as visitors? This book proposes that by seeing space as common ground between architecture and museology, and so between the museum building and its display, we can illuminate the individuality of each museum and the distinctive experience it offers--for example, how some museums create a sense of personal exploration, while others are more intensely didactic, and how the visit in some cases is transformed into a spatial experience and in other cases into a more social event. The book starts with an overview of the history of museum buildings and display strategies, and a discussion of theoretical and critical approaches. It then focuses on specific museums as in-depth case studies, and uses methods of spatial analysis to look at the key design choices available to architects and curators, and their effects on visitors' behaviour. Theoretically grounded, methodologically original, and richly illustrated, this book will equip students, researchers and professionals in the fields of architecture, museum studies, curating, exhibition design, and cultural studies, with a guide for studying museums and a theoretical framework for their interpretation"--Provided by publisher.
Papers in museology. 1, Report from two symposia at the Department of museology, Umeå University : What is museology (1988), Local and global - two aspects of museum communication (1989)
The new museum community : audiences, challenges, benefits : a colletion of essays
Museums in modern life : seven papers read before the Royal Society of Arts in March, April and May, 1949
Museological trends in Quebec : [proceedings of the third Forum on Museological Trends in Quebec, held in Quebec City, Quebec, on Feb. 27, 1992]
Giorgio Vasari and the birth of the museum
Egyptology at the dawn of the Twenty-first Century : proceedings of the Eighth International Congress of Egyptologists Cairo, 2000.. Volume 3, Language, conservation, museology
Challenging history in the museum : international perspectives
Museological review
At least 101 things to do in a museum
Good practice : collecting and sharing good practice for lifelong learners in art museums and galleries in Europe
The curator's handbook : museums, commercial galleries, independent spaces
The museums profession : internal and external relations / edited by Gaynor Kavanagh
Significant others : Society of Museum Archaeologists, Conference proceedings Southampton 1998
Museums, objects and collections : a cultural study
Reimagining museums : practice in the Arabian peninsula
All that glistens : will 2012 be a golden year for museum archaeology?
Brno: education in museology = on the 10th anniversary of the foundation of the museological department of the Philososphical Faculty of the Jan Evangelista Purkyně University in Brno
ICOM education
Field manual for museums
Catching the spirit : theatrical assets of historic houses and their approaches in reinventing the past
Il futuro dei musei della città in Europa : esperienze e prospettive = The future of city museums in Europe : experiences and perspectives
Communicating cultural heritage to the young : encouraging museum communications world wide
The return of curiosity : what museums are good for in the 21st century
ICOM '86 : proceedings of the 14th general conference and 15th general assembly of the International Council of Museums : Buenis Aires 26 October - 4 November 1986 : Museums and the future of our heritage: emergency call
The art of archaeology
Museum languages : objects and texts / ed. by Gaynor Kavanagh
Handbook for school teachers
Light : its interaction with art and antiquites
Forward planning : a handbook of business, corporate and development planning for museums and galleries / ed. by Timothy Ambrose and Sue Runyard
Future exhibitions no. 1 / [redaktör = editor: Mårten Janson]
ICOM '59 Museums : three lectures at ICOM 5th general conference : museums as mirrors : their potentialities nd limitations : [July 1-8, 1959]
Reinventing the museum : the evolving conversation on the paradigm shift
Art in transit : studies in the transport of paintings
Experience or interpretation : the dilemma of museums of modern art / Nicholas Serota
New Directions in Museum Ethics
Doing museology differently
Safety in museums and galleries : [special supplement] / editor F. Howie ; published in association with The International journal of museum management and curatorship
Crossing borders : connecting European identities in museums and online
ICOFOM study series, ISS. 4, [12-13]
Standards manual for signs and labels
Collections management / edited by Anne Fahy
ICOM '86 : Buenos Aires Argentina : XIV general conference of the international council of museums :  26 October to 4 November, 1986 : Museums and survival of the heritage : emergency call
Museums in motion : an introduction to the history of functions of museums / Edward P. Alexander ; foreword by William T. Alderson
Facts & artefacts : how to document a museum collection
Temporary and travelling exhibitions
