http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15625 joining forces
joining forces entering into alliance
Allies : the United States, Britain, Europe and the war in Iraq
Alliances in U.S. foreign policy : issues in the quest for collective defense
The Calling
Suez : Britain's end of empire in the Middle East
Nato and Europe
America's geisha ally : reimagining the Japanese enemy
Small states and alliances
Mammal societies
The Anglo-Swedish alliance against Napoleonic France
Political Intelligence (PQ) is a new leadership requirement that will allow governments and businesses to build relationships and work together in a new and more effective way. Successful leaders have built the capability to interact strategically in a world where government and business share power to shape the future. Leadership PQ explains why political intelligence is now a critical leadership requirement; presents exclusive case studies and interview material to demonstrate the impact of PQ in action; and provides practical advice to on how to develop it by effectively navigating the Golden Triangle of business, government and society.
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances. [Vol. 1], From ancient times to world war I
Return of the plumed serpent
Burned : a fever novel
Alliance and non-alignment at the onset of the 21st century
Transforming European militaries : coalition operations and the technology gap
A history of NATO : the first fifty years
The complete zero line chronicles : incite, feed, reap
Allies at war : America, Europe, and the crisis over Iraq
The Scandinavian pupils of the atelier Bonnat, 1867-1894
Strategic alliances, joint investments, and market structure
The structure of international society : an introduction to the study of international relations
A fraternity of arms : America and France in the Great War
Alliance competence : maximizing the value of your partnerships
Kirous
Sasara is finally ready to take the fight to the Red King, but she doesn't know who he really is. On the eve of battle, Sasara and Shuri reunite and are finally able to express their true feelings, but will they reveal their true identities to each other / WorldCat.
His identity now revealed, Damen must face his master Prince Laurent as Damianos of Akielos, the man Laurent has sworn to kill...Forced into an uneasy alliance the two princes journey deep into Akielos, where they face their most dangerous opposition yet. But even if the fragile trust they have built survives the revelation of Damen's identity can it stand against the Regent's final, deadly play for the throne? – Provided by publisher.
A post-apocalyptic story of how a young girl becomes "the child of destiny" and finds the strength to free her people and to seek revenge for the death of her brother / WorldCat.
Activism and (non)alignment : the relationship between foreign policy and security doctrine
From innovation to cash flows : value creation by structuring high technology alliances
Business cooperation : from theory to practice
The fateful alliance : German conservatives and Nazis in 1933 : the Machtergreifung in a new light
England and the attempts to form a Protestant alliance in the late 1560s : a case study in European diplomacy
We now know : rethinking Cold War history
Finland and Nato
The U.S.-Japan security alliance : why it matters and how to strengthen it
Imperfect unions : security institutions over time and space
Leadership PQ : how political intelligence sets successful leaders apart
Churchill and Finland : a study in anticommunism and geopolitics
Encyclopedia of historical treaties and alliances. [Vol. 2], From the 1920s to the present
Cordon sanitaire or barriere de l'est : the emergence of the new French Eastern European alliance policy 1917-1919
The art of adaptation : a study on the europeanization of Finland's foreign and security policy
Alliances and small powers
Endgame : the calling
