http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15623 teaching sector
teaching sector
Teacher's personality and professionalism
The role of research in educational improvement
Professional care and vocation : cultivating ethical sensibilities in teaching
Peer-group mentoring for teachers' professional development
The topic of this thesis is important for Finnish schools as the funding of schools has been reduced and it is harder for schools to meet the requirements of law considering students right for education. In this manner comprehensive schools need more convenient and cost-effective ways for recruiting substitute teachers to make sure that the students will get the best possible teaching even when their regular teacher is absent. Substitute hiring and management requires a lot of work even on daily basis in the comprehensive schools. Theoretical part of this thesis consists of human resource management, legal aspects and current possibilities for using IT-tools when managing substitutes. These theoretical parts will be compared with the results of the research about how the substitute teachers are managed and recruited in comprehensive schools in Finland. Baltic countries are also reviewed briefly. The research for this thesis was made with qualitative method by sending a questionnaire to comprehensive school personnel in Finnish schools in order to get information about the actual practices and to get suggestions of how these practices could be developed. The outcome of the research was that the teachers and administrative personnel are spending a lot of time to find substitutes for the absences. The workload is partly due to the fact that the current systems in use are not always updated and the teachers struggle to reach suitable and adequate substitute. Findings of thesis conclude that there is need and willingness to start using IT-tools to support substitute management and that existing substitute databases are not fully utilised. Developed mobile application should connect to several databases such as recruitment service and administrative soft-wares to reach and allow diverse communication between teachers and substitutes.
Abstract: Training professionals for the global marketplace. Cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business.
Creating your teaching portfolio : presenting your professional best
"This book explores the efficacy of innovative and interdisciplinary approaches to educational leadership preparation implemented at universities across the United States that serve K-12 populations in urban, rural, and suburban contexts. This collection of chapters draws from seminal and contemporary literature on preparation programs, the Carnegie Project for Education Doctorate. It demonstrates how theory and research play a pivotal role in the creation of new doctoral programs in educational leadership. The book focuses on trends, issues, challenges, and possibilities that weave commonalities and differentiate structures among seven professional doctorate programs in educational leadership (Ed.D.)"--Provided by publisher.
Conceptions of culture : what multicultural educators need to know
Developing portfolios in education : a guide to reflection, inquiry, and assessment
Leadership roles of teacher trainees in the Gambia primary school : a case study of two primary schools
Routledge encyclopedia of language teaching and learning
Mentoring - coaching : a guide for education professionals
Leading learning : process, themes and issues in international contexts
Täyttä elämää kaikille : ylempi AMK -symposium III = Full life for all : UAS Master symposium III : proceedings
New arenas of education governance : the impact of international organizations and markets on educational policy making
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Developing Music Management in European collaboration : cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management
PBL in context : bridging work and education
ETEN 12 : the proceedings of the 12th annual conference of the European Teacher Education Network
Mentoring in education : an international perspective
Mentoring in the early years
Education about and through technology : in search of more appropriate pedagogical approaches to technology education
Being with A/r/tography
Mental hygiene in teaching
Narrative inquiry in practice : advancing the knowledge of teaching
Educational leadership preparation : innovation and interdisciplinary approaches to the Ed.D. and graduate education
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Comparison of Russian and Finnish educational systems at university level.  : Education in the field of HVAC.
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Thinking outside the box : enhancing science teaching by combining (instead of contrasting) laboratory and simulation activities
Conditions for EFL learning and professional development : Finland-Swedish learner and teacher perspectives
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT solutions in comprehensive schools
Organization and effectiveness of induction programs for new teachers
Human resource management in education : contexts, themes, and impact
The leaders we need : and what makes us follow
Partnerships in educational development
International handbook of educational leadership and administration. Part 2
Abstract: Compilation of the Learning Material for Education in Vocational Qualification in Audiovisual Communications in North Karelian College Outokumpu.
Mentoring : perspectives on school-based teacher education
Simulated Patient Methodology is a timely book, aimed at health professional educators and Simulated Patient (SP) practitioners. It connects theory and evidence with practice to ensure maximum benefit for those involved in SP programmes, in order to inform practice and promote innovation. The book provides a unique, contemporary, global overview of SP practice, for all health sciences educators. Simulated Patient Methodology: Provides a cross-disciplinary overview of the field, Considers practical issues such as recruiting and training simulated patients, and the financial planning of SP programmes, Features case studies, illustrating theory in practice, drawn from across health professions and countries, to ensure relevance to localised contexts Written by world leaders in the field, this invaluable resource summarises the theoretical and practical basis of all human-based simulation methodologies.
Nurse education today
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
Evaluation of Finnish education sector development cooperation
Global knowledge cultures
Interpreting in the community and workplace : a practical teaching guide
Men and the classroom : gender imbalances in teaching
Action learning and action research : songlines through interviews
Leading learning : making hope practical in schools
International handbook of educational leadership and administration
Mentors in the making : developing new leaders for new teachers
Young EFL-pupils reading multicultural children's fiction : an ethnographic case study in a swedish language primary school in Finland
A series of essays on mentoring issues in education, which includes discussion of the political and historical aspects of mentoring, the mentor-student relationship and the generic skills approach to mentoring.
Beginning research : a guide for foundation degree students
ETEN Conference 2009
The ethics of teaching
What expert teachers do : enhancing professional knowledge for classroom practice
Real men or real teachers? : contradictions in the lives of men elementary school teachers
eHealth and new learning environments in social and health care education
Second international handbook of educational leadership and administration
Comparison of strategies, methods and content in forestry education : An international comparative study
British journal of guidance and counselling
Values for educational leadership
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Intercultural and Interprofessional Environment in the Social and Health Care Higher Education at Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Handbook for teacher research : from design to implementation
The art of educational leadership : balancing performance and accountability
The passion of teaching : dispositions in the schools
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Uncommon caring : learning from men who teach young children
Training professionals for the global marketplace : cross-evaluation report of the degree programme in international business
The Sage handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
Making teaching work : teaching smarter in post-compulsory education
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Teacher dispositions : envisioning their role in education
Raising educational standards by means of school effectiveness : a quantitative study of ten senior high schools in the Ashanti region of Ghana
Technology leadership for school improvement
Managing people in education
Yhteenveto (Summary)
A constructivist approach to teaching and learning at the degree programme in nursing at Novia university of applied sciences
ETEN Conference 2010
Mind the gap : creating social justice through education policy
Influence of grade one Zambian teachers and GraphoGame on initial literacy acquisition : Lusaka district
Developing critical professional practice in education
Teaching by numbers : deconstructing the discourse of standards and accountability in education
The political economy of education in India : teacher politics in Uttar Pradesh
The Facts On File dictionary of education
Bilingualism/biculturalism : historical power relations and their legacies
Coaching in education : getting better results for students, educators, and parents
Teacher well-being : looking after yourself and your career in the classroom
Managing substitute teachers and supporting IT-solutions in comprehensive schools : Finland
Key concepts in education
The SAGE handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
Learning to read critically in educational leadership and management
Educational management : redefining theory, policy and practice
This publication includes the full paper presentations presented in the International Symposium on Educational Reform (ISER) 2013 conference. ISER2013 is a symposium for national policy makers, researchers and scholars, superintendents, and principals. The annual symposium was organized by the Institute of Educational Leadership of the Faculty of Education, the University of Jyväskylä in Finland, in collaboration with the University of Kentucky, the University of Pretoria, and East China Normal University. The themes of the symposium this year were Social justice, Future creation, Ethical leadership, The Finnish School system compared to other countries, Lifelong guidance and counselling, Leadership challenges and solutions, and Introducing present school leadership research.
Missing men in education
"The Good Life of Teaching extends the recent revival of virtue ethics to professional ethics and the philosophy of teaching. It connects long-standing philosophical questions about work and human growth to questions about teacher motivation, identity, and development. Makes a significant contribution to the philosophy of teaching and also offers new insights into virtue theory and professional ethics. Offers fresh and detailed readings of major figures in ethics, including Alasdair MacIntyre, Charles Taylor, and Bernard Williams and the practical philosophies of Hannah Arendt, John Dewey and Hans-Georg Gadamer. Provides illustrations to assist the reader in visualizing major points, and integrates sources such as film, literature, and teaching memoirs to exemplify arguments in an engaging and accessible way. Presents a compelling vision of teaching as a reflective practice showing how this requires us to prepare teachers differently "--
ETEN Conference 2011
Teacher stress as a longitudinal process
Understanding educational leadership : organizational and interpersonal perspectives
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
SMARTSET : User Requirements Difinition
Second language teaching in multilingual classes : basic principles for primary schools
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Educational leadership : personal growth for professional development
Mentor's professional competences and their expression in supervising students' practice in pre-school educational institutions : summary of doctoral dissertation, social sciences, education science (07S) = Mentoriaus profesinės kompetencijos ir jų raiška vadovaujant studentų praktikai ikimokyklinėje ugdymo institucijoje : daktaro disertacijos santrauka, socialiniai mokslai, edukologija (07S)
Leading and managing education : international dimensions
Stress management for teachers
Educational leadership and learning : practice, policy and research
Clinical supervision as an interaction between the clinical educator and the student
Mentoring programs for new teachers : models of induction and support
From tool to empowering mediator : teaching through a foreign language
Schools as curriculum agencies : Asian and European perspectives on school-based curriculum development
International journal of construction education and research
Teachers helping teachers : peer observation and assistance
The knowledge base about mentoring and coaching in education has grown considerably worldwide in the last decade. The very many definitions of mentoring and coaching demand an evidence base to assist with understanding the convergence and distinctions between these concepts, and with situating them in relation to learning. This Handbook is a leading source of ideas and information. It covers national and international research on schools, higher education, and disciplines within and beyond education. The editors draw together contributions and present evidence bases and alternative worldviews in which concepts are both untangled and substantiated. Unique in its coverage, this handbook maps current knowledge and understanding, values and skills underpinning educational mentoring and coaching for learning. Contributors who are leading scholars and practitioners address issues of theory and practice in school, higher education, and other educational contexts, and they set out practical applications of coaching and mentoring for practitioners and researchers.
"So much more  than just a web course"
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
English summary: Early identification of a future teacher: on assessment of apitude for teaching.
Planning for educational change : putting people and their contexts first
The road to learning via small group in elementary school
Abstract: Developing Music Management in European collaboration. Cross-evaluation report of the Degree Programme in Music Management.
Take a shower! : a teacher's handbook for language showering in English
Toward wellness : prevention, coping and stress
Proceedings : the First National Conference on Quality in Education, Dipoli, Espoo, Finland, 17.-19.5.1994
The new lives of teachers
School leadership in the 21st century : developing a strategic approach
Simulated Patient Methodology : Theory, Evidence and Practice
Teachers' views on multilingualism : how does the presence of multiple languages in primary school English classrooms appear and to what effect? : "Mä olen suomenkielinen ... olen kaikki kieleni ihan opetellut."
Human Resource Management in Education debates the fundamental question of how far effective human resource management policies can enable schools and colleges to transcend the paradoxes of the global reform agenda. It analyzes the relationship between leadership, the classroom and results, and uses case studies to explore the extent to which performance is enhanced by distributed leadership and constrained by social, political and economic contexts.
The good life of teaching : an ethics of professional practice
Theories of educational leadership and management
Evaluating and rewarding the quality of teachers : international practices
