http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15621 marginal effects
marginal effects
Effects of clearcut edges on trees in the sub-boreal spruce zone of northwest-central British Columbia
Effects of recreational use and fragmentation on the understorey vegetation and soil microbial communities of urban forests in southern Finland
Forest-edge effects on sea-salt aerosol deposition : a wind-tunnel study using living oak leaves
Are borders barriers? : EU enlargement and the Russian region of Kaliningrad
Local extinction, colonisation and turnover rates of breeding birds in fragmented landscapes : differences between migratory guilds
Madagascar's dung beetles : rain forest species avoid open areas
Biodiversity in fragmented boreal forests : assessing the past, the present and the future
Bark beetles at forest edges : effects of cuttings on species' occurrence
Structural dynamics at boreal forest edges created by a spruce budworm outbreak
Living on the edge : effectiveness of buffer strips in protecting biodiversity in boreal riparian forests
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Polypores and associated beetles in forest-clear-cut ecotone
The role of land/inland water ecotones in landscape management and restoration : a proposal for collaborative resarch
The centrifugal book of Europe
The effects of habitat edges and trampling intensity on vegetation in urban forests
Growth, survival, and microclimate of conifers planted within forest gaps : results for the first five growing seasons
Ecology of hierarchical landscapes : from theory to application
Developing teacher professionalism and identity in the midst of large scale education reform : the case of Kosovo
Natural disturbances such as insect outbreaks create boundaries that influence vegetation patterns and ecological processes.  To better understand the effects of natural edge creation on relatively intact forests and adjacent disturbed areas, we investigated forest structure on both sides of 30 year-old forest edges created by a spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana Clemens) outbreak in the boreal forest of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Canada.  Our objectives were: 1) to determine edge influence (compared to interior forest) and forest influence (compared to disturbed areas) on vegetation structure, and 2) to gain insight into the structural development of the edges.  Canopy cover, tree density, radial growth and deadwood were sampled in 5 m x 20 m plots along 120 m transects across six edges.  Randomization tests were used to estimate the magnitude and distance of edge and forest influence.  Narrow transition zones approximately 10 m wide characterized the spruce budworm-induced edges.  Edge influence did not extend into the forest; however, forest influence on structure was detected up to 40 m from the edge into the disturbed area.  We found evidence of the insect outbreak in the form of reduced radial growth during the disturbance across the entire disturbed area-forest gradient, which indicates that spruce budworm activity may not have ceased directly at the edge.  Tree mortality caused by the insect outbreak resulted in snags, many of which have transformed into logs since the outbreak collapsed.  Spruce budworm outbreak-induced forest edges are narrow but dynamic boundaries separating two distinct vegetation communities in the boreal landscape..
Edge effects in managed forests and implications for conservation
A new look at ecotones : emerging international projects on landscape boundaries : edited by Francesco di Castri, Andrew J. Hansen, Marjorie M. Holland
