http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1569 brothers
brothers
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
The dinner
Did I mention I need you?
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 2, Battle tendency. 01
The half life of stars
Halfway home : a novel
The lowland
The brother
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
Tilly and the trouble in the night
Island of fire
Clockwork angel
Archie and George and the new bikes
Where the moon isn't : a novel
Much ado about rogues : the Blackthorn brothers
Under the same stars
Brother : a novel
My brother's famous bottom gets crowned!
King Lear
Avenue of mysteries
The monster of Shiversands Cove
The boy who stole Attila's horse
I'm a big brother
Hell or high water
Did I mention I love you?
Hooray! : it's a new royal baby!
Closer than you think
More people to love me
Saint Peter's Fair : the fourth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The brothers
The Tsarnaev brothers : the road to a modern tragedy
The song collector
My brother
The night stages
My little brother
Mr super poopy pants
Vampire diaries. The complete sixth season
Gone for good
The awakening
The bind
Killing hour
The struggle
The lowland : a novel
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
Anzac boys
The wishbone wish
The dead & the gone
Fade to midnight
Dear Charlie
The trouble with magic
Beirut 1990 : snapshots of a civil war
Vampire diaries. The complete seventh season
The shock of the fall
The iron daughter
Silent Cry
The machinery
Tainted love
Did I mention I miss you?
Fighting Ruben Wolfe
There's a duwende in my brother's soup! = (May duwende sa sopas ng kapatid ko!)
The death and life of Charlie St Cloud
My fat brother
A far country
Drums, girls, and dangerous pie
East Fortune
King of the fields
After tomorrow
Just because
In a society that purges thirteen-year-olds who are creative, identical twins Aaron and Alex are separated, one to attend University while the other, supposedly Eliminated, finds himself in a wondrous place where youths hone their abilities and learn magic.
Midnight
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Little red lies
When you were older
The outside lands
The first order
We'll always have summer
The fearless
You can do it too!
Saint anything
Alfie the werewolf : birthday surprise
The fury
Clockwork prince
Just in case
Everything Aaron has worked so hard to build in Quill has crumbled. Fallen from the height of power and influence and left for dead in a foreign place, Aaron has lost everything, and now he must humbly beg for food from those who saved his life. In Artime, Alex chooses his people over his brother and abandons his search for Aaron, closing the door on that relationship forever. The Artimeans need his focus now more than ever as they face the terrifying power of a new enemy who has taken control of Quill the notoriously evil Gondoleery Rattrapp.
All the wrong places : a life lost and found
A morbid taste for bones : a mediaeval whodunnit
Hieronymus Betts and his unusual pets
Struggling to understand what happened to his brother years earlier after they both snuck out of the house during the middle of the night, Matthew believes he has found a way to bring his brother back by going off his meds.
Head mage Alexander Stowe and his friends successfully fended off the latest threat to their magical world of Artimé with the help of a surprise ally. But old enemies have secretly been plotting against them. Now Alex must lead his people in a final epic battle, one they can't hope to win alone.
Brothers
Entirely yours
Island of Graves
Archie and George are identical twins. Archie is six minutes older than George. They look the same but are very different. Archie loves ball games and running and being outside. George loves drawing and reading and being inside.  When Grandma and Grandad give the twins their very first bikes, Archie can't wait to have a go. George feels a bit scared but luckily Grandma is on hand to help!
The secret history of Tom Trueheart : boy adventurer
Fancy dancer
There's no such thing as a Snappenpoop
Three brothers
The iron king
The shadow of the crescent moon
Jojo's bizarre adventure. Part 2, Battle tendency. 02
Brothers : a tale of two sons : PS4
A torch against the night
The Perfect hope
Two brothers
American heist
As the Wanteds, Unwanteds, and Necessaries struggle to adjust to changes in their society, Mr. Today begins training fourteen-year-old Alex to replace him as Artime's leader one day while Alex's disgraced twin, Aaron, connives to take over Quill.
The burgess boys : a novel
The death collector
Another man's life
The directive
The magical world of Artime is gone. The Unwanteds have no food, no water, and no hope. Alex knows it's up to him to find a way to restore Artime, rescue his captive friends, and free Megan from her voice-stealing necklace of thorns. Meanwhile, Alex's twin brother Aaron continues to build his army in the stark land of Quill, preparing for the ultimate showdown with the Unwanteds. But a shocking twist reveals that Alex and Aaron share a common enemy more dangerous than either could have imagined.
The leper of Saint Giles : the fifth chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The diamond hunters
Homer and Langley
The escape
The loney
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
The visiting angel
Alex and his friends are stranded on a newly-discovered island, and they are not alone, while in Quill, his twin Aaron's power base grows as he joins with an unlikely ally in a risky plan to finally conquer Artimé.
Island of dragons
Growing up in the slums around Stockholm, Yasmine vowed to protect her little brother from harm. She broke her promise on the day she left home, abandoning Fadi to his fate: just another immigrant kid in the ghetto. It's been five years since Yasmine saw her brother, but she has thought of him every day. Then she gets a message that he is dead, killed by a US drone in Syria. But something doesn't add up. Could sweet-natured Fadi really have become a rebel soldier? And why are there rumours that he is still alive? As Stockholm erupts into the worst riots the city has ever known, Yasmine must comb the streets to find her brother, and uncover the truth. What she doesn't know is that the truth could destroy them all.
The wind is not a river
Blackwater
A Summer with Kim Novak
Morrigan's cross
An ember in the ashes : a novel
The Unwanteds
Island of silence
The taming of the rake : the Blackthorn brothers
A midsummer night's sin : the Blackthorn brothers
Into the grizzly maze
Brothers : a tale of two sons : PlayStation 4
Mo said she was quirky
The crossover
Divided by their society into Wanted and Unwanted at thirteen, estranged twin brothers Aaron and Alex have both run into trouble--as mage of Artime, Alex must defend the island from attack, while Aaron continues to scheme to take over the islands and get rid of the Unwanteds altogether.
Brothers : a tale of two sons : Xbox One
Gilbert the hero
Raining fire
Big brother
My brother is autistic
Dark places : a novel
Flight of eagles
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Never love a highlander
The domino killer
The fishermen
Island of Legends
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure is a groundbreaking manga famous for its outlandish characters, wild humor and frenetic battles. A multigenerational tale of the heroic Joestar family and their never-ending battle against evil! This time, it's Joseph Joestar, the grandson of Jonathan Joestar! And his enemies are more powerful and diabolical than ever! Behold! The terror of the Pillar Men!
My Little Bro-bot
We the animals
Where things come back
The Sussex Downs murder
Island of shipwrecks
El niño. Book 1 : The passenger
The new small person
