http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15667 military coups
military coups
Getting to know the General : the story of an involvement
Cairo : my city, our revolution
The Park Chung Hee era : the transformation of South Korea
What did the 2006 military coup show us? It demonstrated that the crux of the Thai crisis is far more serious and much wider in scope than had previously been thought. The monarchy is surely not a victim in the protracted conflict, but the root cause and continuing factor that has eroded Thai politics. The coup set in motion more prejudicial uses of the lèse-majesté law, and in the process, has led to more political prisoners. It has also shredded the military into several segments, turning generals into desperate royalists who continue to live off the monarchy in order to survive. Issues of violence in the Thai south and the Thai-Cambodian dispute became greatly intensified in the age of militarised politics. The coup also produced unique colour-coded politics and created crises of legitamacy. This book is a collection of essays that reflect developments in Thai politics in the post-coup period.
The Neruda case
"Good coup" gone bad : Thailand's political developments since Thaksin's downfall
Soldiers, spies, and statesmen : Egypt's road to revolt
Half of a yellow sun
Military coups in sub-Saharan Africa : how to justify illegal assumptions of power
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
The military and politics in Africa : from engagement to democratic and constitutional control
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Traitor's blade
Military coups in West Africa since the sixties
The Pinochet file : a declassified dossier on atrocity and accountability
Qaddafi and the Libyan revolution
African military history and politics : coups and idealogical incursions, 1900-present
From colonialism to dependence : : an introduction to Chile's economic history
Korea's development under Park Chung Hee : rapid industrialization, 1961-1979
An introduction to African politics
Knight's shadow
Stauffenberg : a family history, 1905-1944
Where memory dwells : culture and state violence in Chile
The roots of the military-political crises in Côte d'Ivoire
The memory stones
