http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15675 crew
crew
Human element in shipping : optimising manning & technology
In charge of Freedom
Voluntary guidelines for the design, construction and equipment of small fishing vessels 2005
Raising the dead : The skeleton crew of Henry VIII's great ship, the Mary Rose
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
Female tars : women aboard ship in the age of sail
On the motorway of the sea
The impact of ship crews on maritime safety
Nuts in space
The providence
The long way to a small, angry planet
Maritime English for deck and engine ratings
The poisoned island
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
The crew as a social system
Firefly : the game
The seventy-four gun ship : a practical treatise on the art of naval architecture. Vol. 4, Manning - shiphandling
Life on board the last windjammers : [Summary]
The wall chart of the titanic
Mutiny on the Bounty
The midnight watch
A good crew knows its ship
What factors influence Chinese flight attendants to deliver service quality?
Deadliest catch : Vaarallisilla vesillä. 1, The complete first season
Running costs
Captain Sonar
Human factors in the man/ship systems for the European fleets : MASIS
Muting on the Bounty
Fire down below
Titanic: minute by minute
Ascension : a Tangled Axon novel
Voices from the Titanic lives
The silence of the sea
A mixed crew complement : a maritime safety challenge and its impact on maritime education and training
Family life on board : the captains' sailing wives of the 19th century : [Summary]
From the grand duchy of Finland to Sitka, Russian America, territory of Alaska to Baku & Astrakhan on the Caspian Sea : the journeys of 3 women & 5 men 1859-1895
Chariots of fire
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
"Masters next to God" : commanders of the Dutch navy and the East India Company in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries : [Summary]
Down the Burma Road : work and leisure for the below-deck crew of the Queen Mary 1947-1967
Redshirts
Birdsong
The year is 2048. You are part of a team of elite officers in command of a state-of-the-art submarine. The hunt has begun. Your mission is simple: seek and destroy the enemy submarine. To beat the enemy, you must cooperate with your teammates. Only the team who best communicates and works together will survive the encounter...
Recruitment into the Swedish navy in the war of 1788-1790
A closed and common orbit
Sukellusvene U-96 : director's cut
Firefly : role-playing game. Core book
The explorer
Spain's men of the sea : daily life on the Indies fleets in the sixteenth century
