http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15650 Works
Works
This book examines the tendency in market economies to reduce the time workers spend at their place of employment and considers the role scientific management has played in this development. The author contends that the changing nature of worktime can be explained by changes in both the capitalistic production process and the demands that this process places on the psycho-physiological capacities of human beings. Between 1870 and 1980, the total annual worktime in major industrialized nations decreased by approximately 40 percent. This accelerated rate of worktime change is discussed in the context of the economic revival of capitalism that began in the first half of the twentieth century and culminated in the 'long boom' of 1945–1970. Professor Nyland argues that this revival is primarily explained by the rapid development and application of the process associated with scientific management. He further asserts that this science has been seriously misunderstood by most modern scholars outside socialist nations.
The neutrino, ghost particle of the atom
Working in multi-professional contexts : a practical guide for professionals in children's services
Scientific American resource library : Reading in the physical sciences, Vols 1-3 offprints 201-326
Managing the symptoms of multiple sclerosis
In 2007, the author embarked on a PhD exploring the experiences of older people living in care homes. There was at that time a growing body of literature about quality of care and quality of life relating to older people in these settings. However, much of this research was written from the perspective of staff and policymakers rather than from the perspective of the older people. She wanted to explore the potential of visual research in eliciting the views of care home residents. This case study focuses on the use of participatory photographic research methods with older people living in care settings.
The work-family policies of Sweden and France are often held up as models for other nations to follow, yet political structures and resources can present obstacles to fundamental change that must be taken into account. Patricia Boling argues that we need to think realistically about how to create political and policy change in this vital area. She evaluates policy approaches in the US, France, Germany and Japan, analyzing their policy histories, power resources, and political institutions to explain their approaches, and to propose realistic trajectories toward change. Arguing that much of the story lies in the way that job markets are structured, Boling shows that when women have reasonable chances of resuming their careers after giving birth, they are more likely to have children than in countries where even brief breaks put an end to a career, or where motherhood restricts them to part-time work.
If the Internet is seen as a single, vast, programmable machine, what is the proper programming paradigm to facilitate development of the new applications it must offer? This state-of-the-art survey deals with this question. The situation we face is similar to that in the 1960s, when a new hardware/software architecture was introduced and it took some time for the programming-language and operating-system specialists to come up with the proper programming paradigms. Now we have the new and exciting paradigm of mobile computing, where computations are not bound to single locations but may move around at will to best use the available computer network resources. This paradigm will have a profound impact on the way distributed applications, in particular Internet applications, are designed and implemented.
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2007 : 8th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering Nancy, France, December 3-7, 2007 Proceedings
Inequalities : Theorems, Techniques and Selected Problems
The Oxford handbook of linguistic fieldwork
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the three confederated conferences CoopIS 2002, DOA 2002, and ODBASE 2002, held in Irvine, CA, USA, in October/November 2002. The 77 revised full papers and 10 posters presented were carefully reviewed and selected from a total of 291 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on interoperability, workflow, mobility, agents, peer-to-peer and ubiquitous, work process, business and transaction, infrastructure, query processing, quality issues, agents and middleware, cooperative systems, ORB enhancements, Web services, distributed object scalability and heterogeneity, dependability and security, reflection and reconfiguration, real-time scheduling, component-based applications, ontology languages, conceptual modeling, ontology management, ontology development and engineering, XML and data integration, and tools for the intelligent Web. .
Starwatch
Sailor : a pictorial history : life on board the world's fighting ships from the beginnings of photography to the present day
Reptile life : sixty photographs from life
Aristotle's study of the natural world plays a tremendously important part in his philosophical thought. He was very interested in the phenomena of motion, causation, place and time, and teleology, and his theoretical materials in this area are collected in his Physics, a treatise of eight books which has been very influential on later thinkers. This volume of new essays provides cutting-edge research on Aristotle's Physics, taking into account recent changes in the field of Aristotle in terms of its understanding of key concepts and preferred methodology. The contributions reassess the key concepts of the treatise (including nature, chance, teleology, art, and motion), reconstruct Aristotle's methods for the study of nature, and determine the boundaries of his natural philosophy. Because of the foundational nature of Aristotle's Physics itself, the volume will be a must-read for all scholars working on Aristotle.
The Elephant in the Room is a collection of real life short stories about cancer patients and their doctors.  These stories comfort and entertain, inform and engage, and are a treat to read. With humour and empathy, Jonathan Waxman explores the human side of cancer.
An accessible guide to implementing cooperative learning in the classroom, this title includes an explanation of the key factors that make cooperative learning work, a step-by-step approach to implementing cooperative learning in the classroom, advice on how to measure the effectiveness of cooperative learning, and more.
What are the odds? : the chances of extraordinary events in everyday life
Finding and evaluating evidence : systematic reviews and evidence-based practice
The life of the mind
The function of scientific research is promoting the understanding of the world around us. In theory, anyway, the more we learn, the more potential we have of making our lives better. Thus, we have seen research in electronics provide us with computers, research in chemistry provide us with all manner of synthetics, and research in agriculture provide us with more food. Periodically, scientific research uncovers something that makes some of us uncomfortable. The discovery of the link between smoking and lung cancer and heart disease was not received well by the tobacco industry, and the link between global climate change and fossil fuel use has not been well received by the petroleum industry, to cite just two examples. Usually the response of those whose world has been disrupted by science is denial, often followed by attack on or ridicule of the science that has challenged them. In the long term, however, science usually turns out to be correct.
Innovative Internet Computing Systems : Second International Workshop, IICS 2002 Kühlungsborn, Germany, June 20–22, 2002 Proceedings
Proceedings of the ... Process Technology Conference
Journeys to the ends of the universe : a guided tour of the beginnings and endings of planets, stars, galaxies, and the universe
Life is a diverse and ubiquitous phenomenon on Earth, characterized by fundamental features distinguishing living bodies from nonliving material. Yet it is also so complex that it has long defied precise definition. This book from a seasoned biologist offers new insights into the nature of life by illuminating a fascinating architecture of dualities inherent in its existence and propagation. Life is connected with individual living beings, yet it is also a collective and inherently global phenomenon of the material world. It embodies a dual existence of cycles of phenotypic life, and their unseen driver — an uninterrupted march of genetic information whose collective immortality is guaranteed by individual mortality. Although evolution propagates and tunes species of organisms, the beings produced can be regarded merely as tools for the survival and cloning of genomes written in an unchanging code. What are the physical versus informational bases and driving forces of life, and how do they unite as an integrated system? What does time mean for individuals, life on the global scale, and the underlying information? This accessible examination of principles and evidence shows that a network of dualities lies at the heart of biological puzzles that have engaged the human mind for millennia.
Microbes, bugs and wonder drugs : potions to penicillin, aspirin to addiction
The Elephant in the Room : Stories About Cancer Patients and their Doctors
Running a nurture group
The way to vibrant health : a manual of bioenergetic exercises
Essays in philosophy and its history
Climate Resilient Agriculture for Ensuring Food Security
A Sardinian tale of gender, identity and modernisation
Federation over the Web : International Workshop, Dagstuhl Castle, Germany, May 1-6, 2005. Revised Selected Papers
Modern mathematics
E-Commerce and Web Technologies : Third International Conference, EC-Web 2002 Aix-en-Provence, France, September 2–6, 2002 Proceedings
The lives of people all around the world, especially in industrialized nations, continue to be changed by the presence and growth of the Internet. Its in?uence is felt at scales ranging from private lifestyles to national economies, boosting thepaceatwhichmoderninformationandcommunicationtechnologiesin?uence personal choices along with business processes and scienti?c endeavors. In addition to its billions of HTML pages, the Web can now be seen as an open repository of computing resources. These resources provide access to computational services as well as data repositories, through a rapidly growing variety of Web applications and Web services. However, people’s usage of all these resources barely scratches the surface of the possibilities that such richness should o?er. One simple reason is that, given the variety of information available and the rate at which it is being extended, it is di?cult to keep up with the range of resources relevant to one’s interests. Another reason is that resources are o?ered in a bewildering variety of formats and styles, so that many resources e?ectively stand in isolation. This is reminiscent of the challenge of enterprise application integration, - miliar to every large organization be it in commerce, academia or government. Thechallengearisesbecauseoftheaccumulationofinformationandcommuni- tion systems over decades, typically without the technical provision or political will to make them work together. Thus the exchange of data among those s- tems is di?cult and expensive, and the potential synergetic e?ects of combining them are never realized.
The pocket encyclopaedia of modern roses
The last three minutes : conjectures about the ultimate fate of the universe
Speakable and unspeakable in quantum mechanics : collected papers on quantum philosophy
An alchemy of mind : the marvel and mystery of the brain
This collection critically examines twenty-first century representations of ageing, focusing on images/imagery/discourses found in various media as well as individuals' own experiences and self-presentations of ageing and identity, drawing on new innovative, qualitative empirical data. The contributors represent a range of disciplinary areas but all are concerned with how ageing is currently understood, experienced, represented and talked about. The contexts in which these issues are debated include advertising, women's and over fifties' magazines, beauty and hair care routines, art therapy, documenting family relations, positive ageing campaign and biographical photography. Many topical issues are examined, such as the discursive construction of age identities, positive ageing, anti-ageing, ageism, age relations and the body. This book will be of interest to students and researchers in cultural and social gerontology, discourse and identity and lifespan communication, as well as those working in marketing and with older people either directly or indirectly. -- Publisher description.
Transitions from School to Work : Globalization, Individualization, and Patterns of Diversity
Ibn Taymiyya against the Greek logicians
The Physics of Invisibility : A Story of Light and Deception
Dictionary of the history of ideas : studies of selected pivotal ideas
Patients, physicians and illness : a soursebook in behavioral science and health
The Asperger personal guide : raising self-esteem and making the most of yourself as an adult with Asperger's syndrome
Observing the Messier Objects with a Small Telescope : In the Footsteps of a Great Observer
The authors consider the meaning of work, power and identity consumption and bureaucracy and rational choice and meaning as these qualities affect individuals in management positions.
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2005 : 6th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, New York, NY, USA, November 20-22, 2005. Proceedings
Features 25 different scientists and the ideas which may not have made them famous, but made history… Typically, we remember our greatest scientists from one single invention, one new formula or one incredible breakthrough. This narrow perspective does not give justice to the versatility of many scientists who also earned a reputation in other areas of science. James Watt, for instance, is known for inventing the steam engine, yet most people do not know that he also invented the copier. Alexander Graham Bell of course invented the telephone, but only few know that he invented artificial breathing equipment, a prototype of the ‘iron lung’. Edmond Halley, whose name is associated with the comet that visits Earth every 75 years, produced the first mortality tables, used for life insurances. This entertaining book is aimed at anyone who enjoys reading about inventions and discoveries by the most creative minds. Detailed illustrations of the forgotten designs and ideas enrich the work throughout.
Multimedia Interactive Protocols and Systems (MIPS) is the brand new name of a workshop that has been successfully held for the ?rst time in 2002 in Coimbra, as the ?rst joint edition of two well established series of workshops: Interactive Distributed Multimedia Systems (IDMS) and Protocols for Multimedia Systems (PROMS). The area covered by Multimedia Interactive Protocols and Systems is indeed broad, since it includes technical and practical issues related to d- tributed multimedia technologies, applications and services, with emphasis on their deployment over next generation networks. The topics set for MIPS 2003 were: mobile and wireless multimedia systems; multimedia middleware and communication protocols; Quality of Service issues; resource management for multimedia services; active and programmable netw- king for multimedia applications; mobile agents for multimedia; multimedia d- tribution and transport; tra?c engineering and service engineering; ubiquitous computing; networked audio-video devices; development tools for distributed multimedia applications; multimedia applications such as video-on-demand, - gital video libraries, video games, virtual community, teleworking, teleteaching, e-commerce, virtual reality simulations; performance of protocols and applica- ons;contentmanagement;serviceaccess;security,authentication,privacy,wat- marking; accounting and tari? policing for multimedia teleservices; multimedia encoding and compression. The Call for Papers attracted more than 130 submissions from Europe, Asia and the Americas, covering most of the proposed topics. With the help of a very dedicated Program Committee and of a number of associate reviewers, subm- sions were carefully evaluated, with an average of three reviewers for each paper.
Public works manual
How James Watt Invented the Copier : Forgotten Inventions of Our Great Scientists
The invisible universe
The social workout book : strength-building exercises for the pre-professional
The World Wide Web and Databases : Third International Workshop WebDB 2000 Dallas, TX, USA, May 18–19,2000 Selected Papers
Recombinant DNA methodology
Leading psychoeducational groups for children and adolescents
Mathematics observed
The Daily Telegraph : depression : what you really need to know
NGITS2002 was the ?fth workshop of its kind, promoting papers that discuss new technologies in information systems. Following the success of the four p- vious workshops (1993, 1995, 1997, and 1999), the ?fth NGITS Workshop took place on June 24–25, 2002, in the ancient city of Caesarea. In response to the Call for Papers, 22 papers were submitted. Each paper was evaluated by three Program Committee members. We accepted 11 papers from 3 continents and 5 countries, Israel (5 papers), US (3 papers), Germany, Cyprus, and The Netherlands (1 paper from each). The workshop program consisted of ?ve paper sessions, two keynote lectures, and one panel discussion. The topics of the paper sessions are: Advanced Query Processing, Web Applications, Moving Objects, Advanced Information Models, and Advanced Software Engineering. We would like to thank all the authors who submitted papers, the program committee members, the presenters, and everybody who assisted in making NGITS2002 a reality.
Perspectives into learning at the workplace
Food & arthritis
Avoiding heart attacks and strokes : don't be a victim - protect yourself
The atom and the apple : twelve tales from contemporary physics
Climate Resilient Agriculture for Ensuring Food Security comprehensively deals with important aspects of climate resilient agriculture for food security using adaptation and mitigation measures. Climatic changes and increasing climatic variability are likely to aggravate the problem of future food security by exerting pressure on agriculture. For the past few decades, the gaseous composition of the earth’s atmosphere has been undergoing significant changes, largely through increased emissions from the energy, industry and agriculture sectors; widespread deforestation as well as fast changes in land use and land management practices. Agriculture and food systems must improve and ensure food security, and to do so they need to adapt to climate change and natural resource pressures, and contribute to mitigating climate change. Climate-resilient agriculture contributes to sustainably increasing agricultural productivity and incomes, adapting and building resilience to climate change and reducing and/or eliminating greenhouse gas emissions where possible. The information on climate resilient agriculture for ensuring food security is widely scattered. There is currently no other book that comprehensively and exclusively deals with the above aspects of agriculture and focuses on ensuring food security. This volume is divided into fourteen chapters, which include the Introduction, Causes of Climate Change, Agriculture as a Source of Greenhouse Gases, Impacts of Climate Change on Agriculture, Regional Impacts on Climate Change, Impacts on Crop Protection, Impacts on Insect and Mite Pests, Impacts on Plant Pathogens, Impacts on Nematode Pests, Impacts on Weeds, Impacts on Integrated Pest Management, Climate Change Adaptation, Climate Change Mitigation, and A Road Map Ahead. The book is extensively illustrated with excellent photographs, which enhance the quality of publication. It is clearly written, using easy-to-understand language. It also provides adoptable recommendations involving eco-friendly adaptation and mitigation measures. This book will be of immense value to the scientific community involved in teaching, research and extension activities. The material can also be used for teaching post-graduate courses. It will also serve as a very useful reference source for policy makers.
With fascinating, spectacularly beautiful images, the book piques readers’ curiosity about the diversity of visual organs. This book is the result of a dual approach – scientific as well as aesthetic. The compelling images are accompanied by an easy-to-read, understandable text, aimed at both scientists and the educated public, and generally anyone interested in the beauty of nature. Thanks to this combination, the book presents the staggering diversity of eyes in the animal kingdom and provides countless insights into the intriguing mechanisms at work – from simple pigment cups to independently flexible, telescopic, facet and lens eyes. Educational, exciting, entertaining till the last page, this is a book for anyone who is interested in evolution, nature, and the miracle of life.
Self-leadership in social work : Reflections from practice
Selected papers
Selected philosophical essays
Palaeographical papers, 1907-1965
Making links between different professional roles, policies and practices, this text equips you with the skills, knowledge and understandings that managers, practitioners and students need to work in integrated multiprofessional settings.
Imagine that you’ve finally found a parking space after a long and harrowing search, but are now encountering some difficulty in trying to enter this space. Wouldn’t it be great if you knew a formula that allowed you to enter the space without difficulty? Are you annoyed because your soda can doesn’t remain upright during a picnic? Would you like to know why a mirror swaps right and left, but not top and bottom? Are you looking for a mathematical speech to toast your mother-in-law’s 85th birthday? Or do you want to give your heart away mathematically? Dr. Norbert Herrmann provides amusing and entertaining solutions to these and many other problems that we encounter in everyday situations. “A book for teachers, students of mathematics, and anybody who likes unusual and amusing calculations.”  .
Study skills for social workers
This text is a contemporary analysis of the many different forms of organizational subversion. Going beyond the anecdotal approach, it provides a critical overview and explores subjects such as absenteeism, humour and the politics of sexuality.
Advances in Web-Based Learning : First International Conference, ICWL 2002 Hong Kong, China, August 17–19, 2002 Proceedings
This volume includes the papers accepted for the First International Conference on Electronic Commerce and Web Technologies, which was held in Greenwich, UK, on September 4-6, 2000. The conference is the first of a series of planned conferences on these topics with the goal to bring together researchers from academia, practitioners and commercial developers from industry, and users to assess current methodologies and explore new ideas in e-commerce and web technology. The conference attracted 120 papers from all over the world and each paper was reviewed by at least three program committee members for its merit. The program committee finally selected 42 papers for presentation and inclusion in these conference proceedings. The conference program consisted of 14 technical sessions and two invited talks spread over three days. The regular sessions covered topics such as web application design, intellectual property rights, security and fairness, distributed organizations, web usage analysis, modelling of web applications, electronic commerce success factors, electronic markets, XML, web mining, electronic negotiation, integrity and performance, facilitating electronic commerce, and mobile electronic commerce. There were two invited addresses at the conference. The first was by Anthony Finkelstein, University College London, UK on "A Foolish Consistency: Technical Challenges in Consistency Management". This was a common address to the DEXA, the DaWaK and the EC-Web attendees. The second talk was by Paul Timmers, European Commission, Information Technologies Directorate on "The Role of Technology for the e-Economy".
This CD-ROM set is an electronic reissue of: D. Martin Luthers Werke Weimar : H. Böhlau, 1883-.
The sanity of art : an exposure of the current nonsense about artists being degenerate
Early keyboard instruments
How the internet works
Next Generation Information Technologies and Systems : 5th International Workshop, NGITS 2002 Caesarea, Israel, June 24–25, 2002 Proceedings
The Semantic Web - ISWC 2003 : Second International Semantic Web Conference, Sanibel Island, FL, USA, October 20-23, 2003. Proceedings
This book is for the social work or social welfare student fortunate enough to be offered active or collaborative learning right from the start. Picking up on the topics of the typical mega textbook, Alice Lieberman invites the students to apply critical thinking to the fierce debates and issues which lie underneath the bland interior of their textbook, and debate them with their fellow students.
Web Services - ICWS-Europe 2003
Interactive Multimedia on Next Generation Networks : First International Workshop on Multimedia Interactive Protocols and Systems, MIPS 2003, Naples, Italy, November 18-21, 2003. Proceedings
Mobile Object Systems Towards the Programmable Internet : Second International Workshop, MOS'96 Linz, Austria, July 8–9, 1996 Selected Presentations and Invited Papers
Collected papers
Asperger syndrome and adolescence : helping preteens and teens get ready for the real world
Modern radiation oncology : classic literature and current management
The Evolution of the Eye
Child protection
Alcoholism : the facts
Technologies for E-Services : Second International Workshop, TES 2001 Rome, Italy, September 14–15, 2001 Proceedings
The Birkman method
The powers of Aristotle's soul
Psychology of personality : readings in theory
These proceedings contain the papers accepted for presentation at the Second International Semantic Web Conference (ISWC 2003) held on Sanibel Island, Florida, U. S. A. , October 20–23, 2003. Following the success of ISWC 2002 that washeldinSardiniainJune2002,ISWC2003enjoyedagreatlyincreasedinterest in the conference themes. The number of submitted papers more than doubled compared with ISWC 2002 to 283. Of those, 262 were submitted to the research track and 21 to the industrial track. With rare exceptions, each submission was evaluated by three program committee members whose reviews were coordinated by members of the senior program committee. This year 49 papers in the research track and 9 papers in the industrial track were accepted. The high quality of ISWC 2003 was the result of the joint e?ort of many people. First of all we would like to thank the authors for their high-quality submissions and the members of the program committee for their reviewing and review coordination e?orts. We would like to extend special thanks to Christoph Bussler for chairing the industrial track, to Mike Dean for his help with the conference management software, the web site, and conference publicity, and to Massimo Paolucci for helping with the organization of the proceedings and arranging sponsorships.
Welcome to Free Convection Film Flows and Heat Transfer! Free convection ?lm ?ows occur in many industrial processes. However, engineers still have to deal with many unresolved problems. This book systematically summarizes my recent research results that have been referred to and cited by many other researchersinthis?eld.Thepurposeofthisbookistoprovideapracticalguide to university students, graduate students, design engineers, researchers, and scientistswhowishtofurtherunderstandthecharacteristicsoffreeconvection ?lm ?ows and heat transfer. I hope this book will serve as a useful tool for them, as well as a guide to future research. This book includes three related parts (1) accelerating convective bou- ary layers of Newtonian ?uids, (2) accelerating ?lm boiling and condensation of Newtonian ?uids, and (3) accelerating ?lm ?ows of non-Newtonian pow- law ?uids. These phenomena are all caused by buoyancy or gravity, and can be summed up in terms of the free convection ?lm ?ows. In addition, the free convection ?lm ?ows of Newtonian ?uids can be taken as a special case of non-Newtonian power-law ?uids.
The 6th Workshop on Technologies for E-Services (TES-05) was held September 2-3, 2005, in conjunction with the 31st International Conference on Very Large Data Bases (VLDB 2005) in Trondheim, Norway. The next generation of applications will be developed in the form of services that are offered over a network, either a company's intranet or the Internet. Service-based architectures depend on an infrastructure that allows service providers to describe and advertise their services and service consumers to discover and select the services that best fulfill their requirements. Frameworks and messaging protocols for e-services in stationary and mobile environments are being developed and standardized, metadata and ontologies are being defined, and mechanisms are under development for service composition, delivery, monitoring, and payment. End-to-end security and quality of service guarantees will be essential for the acceptance of e-services. As e-services become pervasive, e-service management will play a central role. The workshop's objective is to provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to present new developments and experience reports. The goal of the TES workshop is to identify the technical issues, models, and infrastructures that enable enterprises to provide e-services to other businesses and individual customers. In response to the call for submissions, 40 papers were submitted, out of which the Program Committee selected 10 high-quality submissions for presentation at the wo- shop. Unfortunately, one author had to withdraw, and the remaining nine papers that were presented are included in these proceedings.
Bebop to the Boolean boogie : an unconventional guide to electronics fundamentals, components, and processes
With the development of the World-Wide Web, data management problems have branched out from the traditional framework in which tabular data is processed under the strict control of an application, and address today the rich variety of information that is found on the Web, considering a variety of ?exible envir- ments under which such data can be searched, classi ed , and processed. Da- base systems are coming forward today in a new role as the primary backend for the information provided on the Web. Most of today’s Web accesses trigger some form of content generation from a database, while electronic commerce often triggers intensive DBMS-based applications. The research community has begun to revise data models, query languages, data integration techniques, - dexes, query processing algorithms, and transaction concepts in order to cope with the characteristics and scale of the data on the Web. New problems have been identi ed , among them goal-oriented information gathering, management of semi-structured data, or database-style query languages for Web data, to name just a few. The International Workshop on the Web and Databases (WebDB) is a series of workshops intended to bring together researchers interested in the interaction between databases and the Web. This year’s WebDB 2000 was the third in the series, and was held in Dallas, Texas, in conjunction with the ACM SIGMOD International Conference on Management of Data.
Welcome to the proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Wired/ Wireless Internet Communications held at the University of Bern from May 10–12,2006. As in 2005,WWIC was selected as the o?cial conference by COST Action 290, and Springer accepted to publish the conference proceedings in the LNCS series. These facts have helped to again attract a large number of hi- quality paper submissions. We received 142 submissions out of which 29 papers were selected by the International Program Committee for presentation at the conference. This resulted in a low acceptance rate of 21%. To limit the load on individual Program Committee members, we increased the Technical Program Committee sizeto 63 members. An additional60reviewerssupportedthe review process. We would like to thank all TPC members and reviewers for their ca- ful reviews, Microsoft Research for providing the online conference management toolkit, and TNO Delft for hosting the physical TPC meeting. The selected papers are organized into eight sessions on the following topics: – Wireless Networks – UMTS and OFDM – Mobile Ad-Hoc Networks – Power Saving and Sensor Networks – Voice and Video Over Wireless Networks – Mobility – TCP – Signalling, Charging, and Security The selected presentations and invited talks from distinguished international speakers formed an extremely exciting program. We hope that all attendees enjoyed both the scienti?c and social program as well as the city and the s- roundings of Bern, the capital of Switzerland.
Advances in Computing Science — ASIAN 2002 : Internet Computing and Modeling, Grid Computing, Peer-to-Peer Computing, and Cluster Computing 7th Asian Computing Science Conference Hanoi, Vietnam, December 4–6, 2002 Proceedings
Introducing the issues and debates involved in working with men in a range of professional settings, this book locates academic and popular discourse on masculinities within the specific context of health and social care settings, critically analysing the theory and policy that underpin and inform practice.
Brains : how they seem to work
Setting up and running a Nurture Group in your school is an effective way to improve the quality of educational provision for every child, not just for those with special educational needs. This practical book is especially useful for those new to the idea of Nurture Groups.
The Book of waves : form and beauty on the ocean
Sacred aid : faith and humanitarianism
Australian fishes in colour
Selected works : articles on general linguistics
Building research culture and infrastructure
Work, consumption and culture : affluence and social change in the twenty-first century
On the Move to Meaningful Internet Systems 2007: OTM 2007 Workshops : OTM Confederated International Workshops and Posters, AWeSOMe, CAMS, OTM Academy Doctoral Consortium, MONET, OnToContent, ORM, PerSys, PPN, RDDS, SSWS, and SWWS 2007, Vilamoura, Portugal, November 25-30, 2007, Proceedings, Part II
The Beauty of Everyday Mathematics
Reduced Worktime and the Management of Production
Inchworms, tiger moths, underwings, owlet moths, silkworms,sphinx moths, grass moths, and butterflies. Collectively, these and many others are the Lepidoptera, one of the most diverse groups of animals on the planet. Lepidoptera can be found in the highest tropical canopies,the driest deserts, and at the leading edge of science. The adults include some of the most beautiful insects that have inspired artists and have sailed through the dreams of human cultures for millennia. The immature stages (“caterpillars”), like the underwing depicted on the cover, link together vital processes in diverse terrestrial ecosystems that are only barely documented let alone understood. The people that study these animals are lepidopterists, and the goal of this book is to introduce them with their own words. In twenty chapters, lepidopterists tell their stories, and these tales mirror the diversity of nature in their range and depth. You will find individuals that wrestle with the challenges of scientific careers, stories of far flung travel sand close calls, and historical perspectives on recent decades of scientific break throughs.
The Dual Nature of Life : Interplay of the Individual and the Genome
The collected dialogues of Plato : including the letters
Observing the Messier Objects with a Small Telescope lets the reader follow in Charles Messier's footsteps by observing the Messier objects more or less as the great man saw them himself! This book contains descriptions and photographs of  his 110 cataloged objects, with instructions on how to find them without a computerized telescope or even setting circles. Messier's telescope (thought to be a 4-inch) was, by today's amateur standards, small. It also had rather poor optics by modern standards. The visual appearance of a Messier object is often very different from what can be imaged with the same telescope, and this book shows what you can see with a small telescope or even binoculars!
Topological papers of Eduard Cech
What the nose knows : the science of scent in everyday life
Seeing a total solar eclipse is often described as a once-in-a-lifetime experience. However, for many who have experienced totality, once-in-a-lifetime is simply not enough. They want more, and are willing to go to great lengths often at great expense to repeat the experience. What is it like to experience totality? What is it about the experience that motivates these eclipse chasers? Is there an eclipse chaser personality? Can eclipse chasing actually be described as an addiction? This book describes the people who dedicate their lives to chasing their dream.
Technologies for E-Services : Third International Workshop, TES 2002 Hong Kong, China, August 23–24, 2002 Proceedings
Old age on the new scene
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2005 Workshops : WISE 2005 International Workshops, New York, NY, USA November 20-22, 2005. Proceedings
Electronic Commerce and Web Technologies : First International Conference, EC-Web 2000 London, UK, September 4–6, 2000 Proceedings
The clinical nurse specialist
Electronics explained : the new systems approach to learning electronics
How to understand autism - the easy way
Arthur C. Clarke famously wrote that, "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." These words most certainly ring true with respect to invisibility cloaking devices. At work is the magic of science, of course. The technology to make an object simply disappear from view is now a reality. There is both great fear and great desire in the thought of invisibility. Indeed, for thousands of years, authors have grappled with the idea. Power, devilry, secrecy, ethical dilemma, and moral corruption - invisibility has it all. And yet, our waking world is full of familiar invisible phenomena. Electricity flowing along a metal wire, the gravity that keeps us grounded, the air we breathe, the bacteria and viruses that make us ill, the X-rays that reveal our broken bones - all are invisible to our eyes. They surround and envelop us, and we don't give them a second thought. Nature long ago learned how to play tricks with light rays, enriching the world with rainbows, mirages, and animal camouflage. The new physics of invisibility simply aims to take these tricks of nature a few steps further. Indeed, by learning what light is and how it interacts with matter, physicists have begun to take control of light - with metamaterials, which, manmade, can be precisely melded, warped, twisted, transformed, and even time-edited. In this book the ancient and modern story of light and invisibility is revealed, from early Greek speculations to the remarkable works of James Clerk Maxwell. The new and burgeoning field of transformation optics is also explored, and the story behind the development of the first fully functional invisibility cloak is charted. What will they be used for and how will they change things? Find out here.
The idiot brain : a neuroscientist explains what your head is really up to
Contemporary social gerontology : significant developments in the field of aging
Aristotle's Physics : A Critical Guide
High-Performance Computing and Networking : 9th International Conference, HPCN Europe 2001 Amsterdam, The Netherlands, June 25–27, 2001 Proceedings
Web Content Caching and Distribution : 9th International Workshop, WCW 2004, Beijing, China, October 18-20, 2004. Proceedings
Is my baby all right? : a guide for expectant parents
The Arabic version of Tusi's Nasirean Ethics : with an introduction and explanatory notes
Representing ageing : images and identities
On The Move to Meaningful Internet Systems 2003: OTM 2003 Workshops : OTM Confederated International Workshops, HCI-SWWA, IPW, JTRES,WORM, WMS, and WRSM 2003, Catania, Sicily, Italy, November 3-7, 2003. Proceedings
Wired/Wireless Internet Communications : 5th International Conference, WWIC 2007, Coimbra, Portugal, May 23-25, 2007. Proceedings
Oxford handbook of positive psychology and work
RoboCup 2000: Robot Soccer World Cup IV
Working with lesbians and gay men is a largely neglected area of social work practice. This book provides social workers and other professionals with an overview of a number of key challenges and concerns that play a significant part in the lives of lesbians and gay men.
Cancer : pathophysiology, etiology, and management : selected readings
Employee Satisfaction and Work Motivation : Research in Prisma Mikkeli
The Politics of Work–Family Policies : Comparing Japan, France, Germany and the United States
This volume contains the proceedings of the seventh International Conference on Web Engineering (ICWE2007), which was held in Como (Italy) in July 2007. The conference is the ?agship event of the community, promoting research and scienti?c progress in the Web engineering ?eld. The importance of the Web — and of its many related technologies— is widening the scope of the conference year after year, and is also leading to the cross-fertilization of several related disciplines (e.g., requirements engineering, testing and analysis, communication science, HCI, multimedia, and more).The conference brings together practiti- ers, scientists, and researchers committed to investigating and innovating the technologies, methodologies, tools, processes, and techniques used to construct, verify, and maintain Web-based applications and services. This year, the Call for Papers attracted a high number of submissions with a verygoodcoverageof allthe di?erentfacets of the Web engineeringdiscipline.A totalof172submissions(asforresearchpapers)allowedusto buildanattractive program of high technical and scienti?c quality. The 39 selected submissions comprise 26 full papers and 13 short papers (with an acceptance rate close to 23%); they cover the di?erent aspects highlighted in the Call for Papers and represent well the many Web engineering research groups active worldwide. The program spans from service-based systems to testing and analysis, from quality and metrics to models, and from semantic issues and Web 2.0 to application development techniques.
Social work with lesbians & gay men
The deepening shade
Physics and chemistry of the earth--Another issue
The human brain : a guided tour
Distributed Computing and Internet Technology : 4th International Conference, ICDCIT 2007, Bangalore, India, December 17-20. Proceedings
Collected works of Count Rumford
The Language of Genes
Total Addiction : The Life of an Eclipse Chaser
This handbook will provide a comprehensive understanding about the latest findings and issues in career studies for researchers in the fields of industrial and organisational studies, human resources, organisational psychology and educational counseling.
Internet and Network Economics : Second International Workshop, WINE 2006, Patras, Greece, December 15-17, 2006. Proceedings
The science matrix : the journey, travails, triumphs
1 WorkshopTheme Data mining as a discipline aims to relate the analysis of large amounts of user data to shed light on key business questions. Web usage mining in particular, a relatively young discipline, investigates methodologies and techniques that - dress the unique challenges of discovering insights from Web usage data, aiming toevaluateWebusability,understandtheinterestsandexpectationsofusersand assess the e?ectiveness of content delivery. The maturing and expanding Web presents a key driving force in the rapid growth of electronic commerce and a new channel for content providers. Customized o?ers and content, made possible by discovered knowledge about the customer, are fundamental for the establi- ment of viable e-commerce solutions and sustained and e?ective content delivery in noncommercial domains. Rich Web logs provide companies with data about their online visitors and prospective customers, allowing microsegmentation and personalized interactions. While Web mining as a domain is several years old, the challenges that characterize data analysis in this area continue to be formidable. Though p- processing data routinely takes up a major part of the e?ort in data mining, Web usage data presents further challenges based on the di?culties of assigning data streams to unique users and tracking them over time. New innovations are required to reliably reconstruct sessions, to ascertain similarity and di?erences between sessions, and to be able to segment online users into relevant groups.
The author has suffered a serious eating disorder and, more importantly, she has recovered. In this text, she provides the reader with a moving account of her experiences as well as information about eating disorders and a plan for recovery.
Selecta : research contributions
This book constitutes the joint refereed proceedings of the three workshops held in conjunction with the 7th International Conference on Web Information Systems, WISE 2006, in Wuhan, China, in October 2006. A total of 90 papers were submitted to the three workshops, and 31 revised full papers were carefully selected for presentation. The Workshop on Web Information Access and Digital Library (WIADL 2006) - which aims at improving and facilitating Web information access by using digital libraries - included 14 out of 41 submissions. The Workshop of Web-Based Massive Data Processing (WMDP 2006) accounted for 13 papers, from 39 papers submitted. It discusses how to effectively and efficiently collect, extract, store, index, query and analyze massive data that has been accumulated in many web-based applications such as deep Web applications and Web search engines. The Workshop on Advances in Web-based Learning included 4 presentations selected from 10 submissions. New ideas on Web-based learning are presented - using the Web to access vast amount of information and resources - that allow implementing a range of new teaching and learning practices.
Network Calculus is a set of recent developments that provide deep insights into flow problems encountered in the Internet and in intranets. The first part of the book is a self-contained, introductory course on network calculus. It presents the core of network calculus, and shows how it can be applied to the Internet to obtain results that have physical interpretations of practical importance to network engineers. The second part serves as a mathematical reference used across the book. It presents the results from Min-plus algebra needed for network calculus. The third part contains more advanced material. It is appropriate reading for a graduate course and a source of reference for professionals in networking by surveying the state of the art of research and pointing to open problems in network calculus and its application in different fields, such as mulitmedia smoothing, aggegate scheduling, adaptive guarantees in Internet differential services, renegotiated reserved services, etc.
Buzz : the science and lore of alcohol and caffeine
Examining recent innovations in manufacturing technologies techniques and philosophies and how these affect work design research and practice, 'Job and Work Design' looks at wider trends and describes possible implications for the whole organization.
This book constitutes the joint refereed proceedings of the three workshops held in conjunction with the 6th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, WISE 2005, in New York, NY, USA, in November 2005. A total of 47 papers were submitted to the three workshops, and 28 revised full papers were carefully selected for presentation. The workshop on Web Information Systems Quality (WISQ 2005) - discussing and disseminating research on the quality of WIS and Web services from a holistic point of view - included 7 papers out of 12 submissions. The workshop on Web-based Learning (WBL 2005) accounted for 10 papers from 14 papers submitted - organized in topical sections on tools, models, and innovative applications. The workshop on Scalable Semantic Web Knowledge Base Systems (SSWS 2005) included 11 presentations selected from 21 submissions. Topics addressed are scalable repository and reasoning services, practical Semantic Web applications, query handling and optimization techniques.
Friday night in the Coliseum
WEBKDD 2002 - Mining Web Data for Discovering Usage Patterns and Profiles : 4th International Workshop, Edmonton, Canada, July 23, 2002. Revised Papers
Ernest Hemingway ; A literary life
Web Information Systems Engineering – WISE 2007 Workshops : WISE 2007 International Workshops Nancy, France, December 3, 2007 Proceedings
Linda Wagner-Martin brings a wealth of new information to this detailed portrait of Hemingway and his world, concentrating particularly on his friendships with women and the history of his four marriages.
Technologies for E-Services : 6th International Workshop, TES 2005, Trondheim, Norway, September 2-3, 2005, Revised Selected Papers
One on one : conversations with the shapers of family therapy
The Individual in the Changing Working Life
Web Information Systems – WISE 2006 : 7th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, Wuhan, China, October 23-26, 2006. Proceedings
Photography in care homes : methods for a revealing practice
The Third International Conference on E-commerce and Web Technology (EC-Web 2002) was held in conjunction with the DEXA 02 in Aix-en-Provence, France. This conference, first held in Greenwich, United Kingdom in 2000, is now in its third year and is very well established. As in the two previous years, it served as a forum bringing together researchers from academia and commercial developers from industry to discuss the current state of the art in E-commerce and web technology. Inspirations and new ideas emerged from intensive discussions during formal sessions and social events. Keynote addresses, research presentations, and discussions during the conference helped to further develop the exchange of ideas among the researchers, developers, and practitioners who attended. The conference attracted more than 100 submissions and each paper was reviewed by at least three program committee members. The program committee selected 40 papers for presentation and publication, a task which was not easy due to the high quality of the submitted papers. We would like to express our thanks to our colleagues who helped to put together the technical program: the program committee members and external reviewers for their timely and rigorous reviews of the papers, and the organizing committee for their help in the administrative work and support. We owe special thanks to Gabriela Wagner and Maria Schweikert for always being available when their helping hand was needed.
Works
Barents on a plate
Public works and social protection in sub-Saharan Africa : do public works work for the poor?
The Impact of Management Negligence on Inventory Results : Case Study: Company X
missions in fact also treat an envisaged mutual impact among them. As for the 2002 edition in Irvine, the organizers wanted to stimulate this cross-pollination with a program of shared famous keynote speakers (this year we got Sycara, - ble, Soley and Mylopoulos!), and encouraged multiple attendance by providing authors with free access to another conference or workshop of their choice. We received an even larger number of submissions than last year for the three conferences (360 in total) and the workshops (170 in total). Not only can we therefore again claim a measurable success in attracting a representative volume of scienti?c papers, but such a harvest allowed the program committees of course to compose a high-quality cross-section of worldwide research in the areas covered. In spite of the increased number of submissions, the Program Chairs of the three main conferences decided to accept only approximately the same number of papers for presentation and publication as in 2002 (i. e. , around 1 paper out of every 4–5 submitted). For the workshops, the acceptance rate was about 1 in 2. Also for this reason, we decided to separate the proceedings into two volumes with their own titles, and we are grateful to Springer-Verlag for their collaboration in producing these two books. The reviewing process by the respective program committees was very professional and each paper in the main conferences was reviewed by at least three referees.
Multiple sclerosis : a guide for patients and their families
Silicon Earth : introduction to the microelectronics and nanotechnology revolution
This title offers an accessible insight into the practical use of skills for study in a professional social work context. Engaging with students, it uses relevant case material from academic and social work perspectives to demonstrate the connection between study and practice.
Modern radiation oncology : classic literature and current management. Vol. 2
Rhetoric and medicine in early modern Europe
History, psychology and science : selected papers
Evolution That Anyone Can Understand
On The Move to Meaningful Internet Systems 2003: CoopIS, DOA, and ODBASE : OTM Confederated International Conferences, CoopIS, DOA, and ODBASE 2003, Catania, Sicily, Italy, November 3-7, 2003. Proceedings
Diet of despair : a book about eating disorders for young people and their families
Classic papers in glaucoma
The concept of time in late Neoplatonism : texts with translation, introd. and notes
The defence of democracy
Managing team-work conflicts in a start-up in Vietnam: a consideration of human factors and cultural influences
This volume made an important contribution to the growing literature on the transition from school to work. It provides a different perspective on the global changes that have transformed school-to-work transitions since the 1970s; offers an integrative conceptual framework for analysis; and promotes a comparative, cross-national understanding of school-to-work transitions in a changing social context. The articles assembled in this volume compare and assess variations in school-to-work transitions across Europe and North America, providing empirical evidence on how young people negotiate the different options and opportunities available and assessing the costs and returns associated with different transition strategies. Unlike many other volumes on this subject - which are pitched at either the macro or micro level - this volume attempts to integrate both perspectives, capturing the complexity of this critical life course transition. Furthermore, the authors address policies aimed at improving the capacity of individuals to make effective transitions and at enabling societies to better coordinate educational and occupational institutions.
Web Engineering : 7th International Conference, ICWE 2007 Como, Italy, July 16-20, 2007 Proceedings
Diabetes Action Now : an initiative of the World Health Organization and the International Diabetes Federation
Job and work design : organizing work to promote well-being and effectiveness
E-Commerce and Web Technologies : 4th International Conference, EC-Web, Prague, Czech Republic, September 2-5, 2003. Proceedings
Through close analysis of texts, cultural and civic communities, and intellectual history, the papers in this collection, for the first time, propose a dynamic relationship between rhetoric and medicine as discourses and disciplines of cure in early modern Europe. Although the range of theoretical approaches and methodologies represented here is diverse, the essays collectively explore the theories and practices, innovations and interventions, that underwrite the shared concerns of medicine, moral philosophy, and rhetoric: care and consolation, reading, policy, and rectitude, signinference, selfhood, and autonomy - all developed and refined at the intersection of areas of inquiry usually thought distinct. From Italy to England, from the sixteenth through to the mid-eighteenth century, early modern moral philosophers and essayists, rhetoricians and physicians investigated the passions and persuasion, vulnerability and volubility, theoretical intervention and practical therapy in the dramas, narratives, and disciplines of public and private cure. The essays are relevant to a wide range of readers, including cultural, literary, and intellectual historians, historians of medicine and philosophy, and scholars of rhetoric.
All color book of flowers : 100 color photographs of spectacular flowers of the world
Since the start of the International Workshop on Web Caching and Content Distribution (WCW) in 1996, it has served as the premiere meeting for researchers and practitioners to exchange results and visions on all aspects of content caching, distribution, and delivery. Building on the success of the previous WCW meetings, WCW 2004 extended its scope and covered interesting research and deployment areas relating to content services as they move through the Internet. This year, WCW was held in Beijing, China. Although it was the first time that WCW was held in Asia, we received more than 50 high quality papers from five continents. Fifteen papers were accepted as regular papers and 6 papers as synopses to appear in the proceedings. The topics covered included architectural issues, routing and placement, caching in both traditional content delivery networks as well as in peer-- peer systems, systems management and deployment, and performance evaluation. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all those who submitted papers to WCW 2004 for their valued contribution to the workshop. This event would not have been possible without the broad and personal support and the invaluable suggestions and contributions of the members of the program committee and the steering committee.
Mathematical vistas : from a room with many windows
The epigenetics revolution : how modern biology is rewriting our understanding of genetics, disease and inheritance
Principles and Applications of Metal Rolling
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 9th International Conference on High-Performance Computing and Networking, HPCN Europe 2001, held in Amsterdam, The Netherlands in June 2001. The 67 revised papers and 15 posters presented were carefully reviewed and selected from a total of almost 200 submissions. Among the areas covered are Web/grid applications of HPCN, end user applications, computational science, computer science, and Java in HPCN.
Human dignity, the ability to establish a sense of self-worth and self-respect and to enjoy the respect of others, is necessary for a fully realized life. Working with dignity is a fundamental part of achieving a life well-lived, yet the workplace often poses challenging obstacles because of mismanagement or managerial abuse. Defending dignity and realizing self-respect through work are key to workers' well-being; insuring the dignity of employees is equally important for organizations as they attempt to make effective use of their human capital. In this book Randy Hodson, a sociologist of work and organizational behavior, applies ethnographic and statistical approaches to this topic, offering both a richly detailed, inside look at real examples of dignity in action, and a broader analysis of the pivotal role of dignity at work.
Social work with older people : context, policy, and practice
Living and working with schizophrenia
This book constitutes the proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Web Information Systems Engineering, WISE 2005, held in New York, NY, USA, in November 2005. The 30 revised full papers and 20 revised short papers presented together with 18 poster papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 259 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on Web mining, Web information retrieval, metadata management, ontology and semantic Web, XML, Web service method, Web service structure, collaborative methodology, P2P, ubiquitous and mobile, document retrieval applications, Web services and e-commerce, recommendation and Web information extraction, P2P, grid and distributed management, and advanced issues. The presentation is rounded off by 14 industrial papers and the abstracts of 4 tutorial sessions.
European works councils : the implementation of the directive in the member states of the European Union : views from Japan, Poland and the UK
Cooperative learning in the classroom : putting it into practice
The Lives of Lepidopterists
Rolling is an important metal forming process which involves the passing of metal stock through a pair of rollers. It is categorized depending on the recrystallization temperature of the metal rolled. This book covers the entire gamut of rolling technology in one volume. It begins with a brief history of rolling, and goes on to discuss different rolling processes, the deformation of materials, and the classification of rolling mills and stands. The book discusses rolling applications of steel blooms, slabs, bars, plates, rods, heavy sections and non-ferrous metals in detail. It covers important rolling process parameters, including rolling friction, stress and strain across rolled strip thickness, rolling torque and power and roll separation force. It also provides details on the design and applications of various rolling equipment, including mill rolls, neck bearings, spindles, coilers and decoilers.
Improve your digestion : how to make your gut work for you and not against you
Islam and medieval Hellenism : social and cultural perspectives
Focus on meaning. Vol. 1, Explorations in semantic space
After some time of early experience Web Services are moving themselves from a new highly fragmented technology to a piece of nowadays infrastructures which promise to address various current challenges. These include especially classical issues of integration and data in a heterogeneous environment. The Web Service technology provides an open and technology-agnostic interface, and furthermore propels new usage paradigms in distributed computing infrastructures like Grid Services. Successful adoption of Web Service technology relies on the de?nition of interoperable architectural building blocks which can be integrated in existing softwarearchitectures,likeJ2EEorCORBAheritage. Interoperabilitywillsurely proveitselfasthecriticalsuccessfactoroftheWebServiceproliferation. Inorder to accomplish these interoperability various standardization bodies such as the W3C, UN or OASIS founded activities to create speci?cations and products implementing these building blocks. As the sister event of the First International Conference on Web Services (ICWS 2003), which was held in Las Vegas, June 23 - 26, USA, has proven to be an excellent catalyst for research and collaboration, the 2003 International C- ference on Web Services - Europe (ICWS-Europe 2003) is expected to continue this trend. The topics of papers collected in this proceedings volume ranges from issues like modeling, development, deployment, publishing, as well as discovery, composition and collaboration, plus monitoring and analytical control. Addit- nal contributions summarize some research and development challenges of bu- ding Web Service solutions. Especially, some contributions present an emerging research direction, namely, Web Services collaboration. Moreover, some major research activities associated with facilitating extended business collaboration using Web services and semantic annotation are also covered.
Rapture : how biotech became the new religion
Balibar examines twelve problems spanning the frontiers of physics, and he devotes a chapter to each issue. --from publisher description
Psychoanalysis and family therapy : selected papers
On the Move to Meaningful Internet Systems 2002: CoopIS, DOA, and ODBASE : Confederated International Conferences CoopIS, DOA, and ODBASE 2002 Proceedings
Management lives : power and identity in work organizations
Working with men in health and social care
Mark Lymbery examines the key themes involved in working with older people and demonstrates how to transfer these into practice. He advocates a practice-based approach and provides readers with a number of relevant scenarios designed to aid them in the workplace.
The evolving therapist : ten years of the Family Therapy Networker
The Sikhs
The first translation of this work by Ibn Taymiyya, one of the greatest thinkers of medieval Islam, the book is a critique of Greek logic, which he saw as the source of the erroneous and heretical metaphysics propounded by medieval philosophers theologians and mystics.
Internationale Eisenhüttentagung 1970 : Automatisierung in Hüttenwerken = International Conference on Iron and Steelmaking 1970 : automation in iron and steelmaking = Journées internationales de sidérurgie 1970 : L'automatisation en sidérurgie : Luxembourg, 13-15/4/1970, Düsseldorf, 16-18/4/1970
The central question in this book is whether consumption has now displaced production as the defining factor in the lives of those in the industrialized West. Ransome offers a comprehensive review of the key issues in the debate, and where it might lead in the future.
Workplace mentors : demands and benefits
This work is about inequalities which play an important role in mathematical Olympiads. It contains 175 solved problems in the form of exercises and, in addition, 310 solved problems. The book also covers the theoretical background of the most important theorems and techniques required for solving inequalities. It is written for all middle and high-school students, as well as for graduate and undergraduate students. School teachers and trainers for mathematical competitions will also gain benefit from this book.
Offering readers an accessible overview of the core themes in child abuse and child protection, this text helps readers to understand both the theory and practice involved in child protection, as well as enhancing their thinking skills in line with course requirements.
Working life has been the subject of great change in recent years with contemporary conditions generally providing increased opportunities and autonomy for individuals. But these benefits can coincide with greater demands and responsibilities, increasing the pressure to work outside of traditional working hours and so creating conflict between work and family life. This book contributes towards our understanding of contemporary working life, considering how recent changes have affected the work climates, attitudes and well-being of individuals. Combining traditional theoretical frameworks with innovative research, it discusses both the positive and negative effects contemporary working life has on organizations and employees. International experts in the fields of work and organizational psychology present strategies to prevent negative working conditions and help individuals achieve a healthy work–life balance.
Classics from JONA : readings in nursing administration
Volunteer Management : case: ACCESS Amsterdam : The ideal model of volunteer management
Introducing geology : a guide to the world of rocks
Intoxicating minds : how drugs work
Organizational misbehaviour
This book explores how, through strong self-leadership, social workers can both explain and demonstrate how social work can achieve positive change.
Dignity at Work
'Leading Psycho-educational Groups for Children and Adolescents' is an applied and pragmatic approach to leading psycho-educational groups, and combines leadership skills and how to design and lead groups.
Wired/Wireless Internet Communications : 4th International Conference, WWIC 2006, Bern, Switzerland, May 10-12, 2006. Proceedings
Following on from the 'Asperger Love Guide' and 'Social Guide', this third book in the series of self-help practical life guides aims to cover the personal issues that an adult with Asperger's syndrome faces in a world not designed for people with autism.
Handbook of career studies
Computers and Games : Second International Conference, CG 2000 Hamamatsu, Japan, October 26–28, 2000 Revised Papers
Medicine science and art : studies in interrelations
Diners : people and places
WWIC 2007 was organized by the University of Coimbra, Portugal, and it was the fifth event of a series of International Conferences on Wired/Wireless Internet Communications, addressing research topics such as the design and evaluation of protocols, the dynamics of the integration, the performance trade-offs, the need for new performance metrics, and cross-layer interactions. Previous events were held in Berne (Switzerland) in 2006, Xanthi (Greece) in 2005, Frankfurt (Germany) in 2004, and Las Vegas (USA) in 2002. As in 2005 and 2006, WWIC was selected as the official conference by COST Action 290 (Wi-QoST–Traffic and QoS Management in Wireless Multimedia Networks). WWIC 2007 brought together active and proficient members of the networking community, from both academia and industry, thus contributing to scientific, strategic, and practical advances in the broad and fast-evolving field of wired/wireless Internet communications. The WWIC 2007 call for papers attracted 257 submissions from 36 different countries in Asia, Australia, Europe, North America, and South America. These were subject to thorough review work by the Program Committee members and additional reviewers. The selection process was finalized in a Technical Program Committee meeting held in Malaga, Spain, on February 15, 2007.
Web Information Systems – WISE 2006 Workshops : WISE 2006 International Workshops, Wuhan, China, October 23-26, 2006. Proceedings
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 4th International Conference on E-Commerce 2003, held in Prague, Czech Republic in September 2003. The 42 revised full papers presented together with an invited paper and a position paper were carefully reviewed and selected from 108 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on auctions, security, agents and search, ebXML, modeling and technology, XML, design and performance, business processes, and brokering and recommender systems.
Network Calculus : A Theory of Deterministic Queuing Systems for the Internet
Readings in medical sociology
Sacred pregnancy : a loving guide and journal for expectant moms
