http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1563 comparative literary research
comparative literary research
Elyot, Castiglione, and the problem of style
The image of the Baroque
Japanese and western literature : a comparative study
History of the role of the usurper in Shakespeare : Henry Bolingbroke and Macbeth
Outline of comparative slavic literatures
The comparative perspective on literature : approaches to theory and practice
Indiana University Conference on Oriental-Western Literary Relations
Comparative literature today : methods & perspectives
Perspective comparatiste orient-occident en théorie littéraire : colloque international = The orient-west comparative perspective in literary theory : international colloquium
East and West: comparative perspectives
Ambition and anxiety : Ezra Pound's Cantos and Derek Walcott's Omeros as twentieth-century epics
Comparative literature and global studies
Proceedings of the 9th Congress of the International Comparative Literature Association = Actes du 9e Congrès de l'Association Internationale de Litterature Comparée, Innsbruck 1979. 1, Classical models in literature
The age of the world target : self-referentiality in war, theory, and comparative work
Comparative literature : theory, method, application
A comparative history of literatures in the Iberian Peninsula. Vol. 2
Europa provincia mundi : essays in comparative literature and European studies offered to Hugo Dyserinck on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
Speaking the Earth's Languages brings together for the first time critical discussions of postcolonial poetics from Australia and Chile. The book crosses multiple languages, landscapes, and disciplines, and draws on a wide range of both oral and written poetries, in order to make strong claims about the importance of 'a nomad poetics' - not only for understanding Aboriginal or Mapuche writing practices but, more widely, for the problems confronting contemporary literature and politics in colonized landscapes.
A history of erotic literature
After Joyce : studies in fiction after Ulysses
Aesthetic autobiography : from life to art in Marcel Proust, James Joyce, Virginia Woolf and Anaïs Nin
Comparatively queer : interrogating identities across time and cultures
The seduction of the Mediterranean : writing, art and homosexual fantasy
Reconstructing cultural memory : translation, scripts, literacy
Death of a discipline
From the sword to the pen : an analysis of the concept of loyalty in Old English secular heroic poetry
The study of literature and religion : an introduction
Comparative criticism. 5
Beckett, Joyce and the art of the negative
Essays on Jewish folklore and comparative literature
Apollonius of Tyre : medieval and Renaissance themes and variations : including the text of the Historia Apollonii Regis Tyri with an English translation
Comparison of Chinese and western literature
La prise de Defur and Le voyage d'Alexandre au paradis terrestre
The stelliferous fold : toward a virtual law of literature's self-formation
Tradition, translation, trauma : the classic and the modern
Government and local power in Japan 500 to 1700 : a study based on Bizen province
Levels of argument : a comparative study of Plato's Republic and Aristotle's Nicomachean ethics
The relationship of the Spanish Libro de Alexandre to the Alexandreis of Gautier de Chatillon
Versions of Pygmalion
Cold fusion : aspects of the German cultural presence in Russia
Orientalist and multiculturalist representations in Chinese-American Literature : imagological and hermeneutic interpretation of The Woman Warrior and The Kitchen God's Wife
Mutual impressions : writers from the Americas reading one another
A comparative history of literatures in the Iberian Peninsula. Vol. 1
The tao and the logos : literary hermeneutics, east and west
The flaming heart : essays on Crashaw, Machiavelli, and other studies in the relations between Italian and English literature from Chaucer to T. S. Eliot
Chaucer, Boccaccio, and the debate of love : a comparative study of The Decameron and The Canterbury tales
The translation zone : a new comparative literature
Speaking the earth's languages : a theory for Australian-Chilean postcolonial poetics
Moses and multiculturalism
Old Testament parallels : laws and stories from the ancient Near East
Between terror and freedom : politics, philosophy, and fiction speak of modernity
Bengali and Japanese folk rhymes - a comparative study in oral tradition
Offers a comparative history of a subseries with a regional focus. This title distances itself from traditional histories built around periods and movements, and explores, from a comparative viewpoint, a space considered to be a symbol of inter-literary relations.
Comparative literature : concepts of literature
Gothic pathologies : the text, the body and the law
The English origins of old French literature
"Laughter through tears" : a comparative study of the distinctive irony in the works of Sholom Aleichem and Bernard Malamud
Comparative literary history as discourse : in honor of Anna Balakian
The return of thematic criticism
Dismissing the body : strange cases of fictional invisibility
Representations of the self
On contemporary literature
Ironic distances : Clas Zilliacus, chairman of the Lahti writers' reunion
Cross currents : recent trends in humanlties research
Forked tongues? : comparing twentieth-century British and American literature
Mirror images : a comparison of the plays of Václav Havel and Tom Stoppard with special reference to their political aspects
Hero and exile: the art of Old English poetry
Five versions of the Venjance Alixandre
Comparative literature now, theories and practice : selected papers = La littérature comparée à l'heure actuelle, théories et réalisations : contributions choisies du congrès de l'association internationale de littérature comparée, tenu à l'université d'Alberta en 1994
Reading riddles : rhetorics of obscurity from romanticism to Freud
Joseph Brodsky and the creation of exile
What is comparative literature? : an inaugural lecture delivered before the University of Oxford on 11 October 1994
Seven trends in recent thematics and a case study
Five words : critical semantics in the age of Shakespeare and Cervantes
The nature of love. 3, The modern world
Indiana University conference on Oriental-Western literary relations
Hispano-Arabic poetry and its relations with the old Provençal troubadours
Comparing postcolonial literatures : dislocations
The wasteland of life and contacts. T.S. Eliot's Wasteland in comparison with Ezra Pound's Hugh Selwyn Mauberley
All is true : the claims and strategies of realist fiction
Cross-addressing : resistance literature and cultural borders
The fictional encyclopaedia : Joyce, Pound, Sollers
Value and form : comparative literature, painting and music
The Abbé Prévost and English literature
Literature and society : the function of literary sociology in comparative literature
Robert Bly's Iron John and Lady Chatterley's lover : a study of D. H. Lawrence's last novel
Mythical trickster figures : contours, contexts, and criticisms
The boundaries of genre : Dostoevsky's Diary of a writer and the traditions of literary utopia
The nature of love. Vol. 1, Plato to Luther
Renaissance genres : essays on theory, history and interpretation
The nature of love. 2, Courtly and romantic
The Routledge concise history of world literature
Homer and the Indo-Europeans : comparing mythologies
Heroes and heroines in Medieval English literature : a festschrift presented to André Crépin on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
The innovative essays in Comparatively queer take a comparative approach to queer studies while simultaneously queering the field of comparative literature. This volume works at the intersection of these two fields to strengthen their interdisciplinary potential. The span of these contributions destabilizes the presentist and Anglocentrist biases of queer studies as well as traditional Eurocentric limitations of comparative literature. By focusing not only on comparatice praxis, but also on interrogating our assumptions and categories of analysis, "Comparatively Queer" powerfully transforms the paradigms by and through which we compare.
Conrad and Gide : translation, transference and intertextuality
Literature on the move
Comparative literature and literary theory : survey and introduction
Taming world literature : in honorem Jüri Talvet
Moving the centre : the struggle for cultural freedoms
"Addressing a welter of topics ranging from Sapphic tales in early seventeeth-century Europe to animal fables in India, from the tensions between Western bio-medicine and Chinese cosmology in modern-day Hong Kong to the tensions between gender and sexual legislation in contemporary France and the United Status, and from circuses, fairs, and sideshows in Western Europe to Palestinian refugee camps in the Middle East, Comparatively Queer constitutes a lucid and lively intervention in the newly intersecting fields of queer and comparative literary and cultural studies. It boasts a scintillatingly diverse yet deliciously intersecting array of scholars committed to interdisciplinary work at the interstices of historical and geo-political borders and makes a profound contribution to the productive "troubling" of the Anglo-American and presentist assumptions of much queer theory as well as of the Eurocentric and nationally circumscribed assumptions of much literary and cultural compartivism. Proudly hybrid, even 'promiscuous,' in its methodologies, styles, approaches, and objects of study, Comparatively Queer is sure to be a 'must read' for scholars and students of sexuality, gender, history, culture, and, indeed, life in an increasingly globalized world." - Brad Epps, Professor of Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies, Harvard University "This collection is about crossing borders of every sort; it is about queering not only gender but also time, space, and comparison itself. It explores the possibility of, and the implications for, denaturalizing all sorts of subject formations: sexual, national, racial, social. Hayes, Higonnet, and Spurlin and their colleagues continue the gender studies work of Eve Kosofsky Sedgwick and others in a boldly energetic, transnational, and transcultural manner. The nine essays and framing commentaries bring together lives and works that span more than 2,000 years and cover the globe. Additionally they bring queer and gender studies into a productive dialectic with postcolonial, transnational, and critical race studies. Each essay undertakes what the editors term 'crossings,' but each employs the logic of comparison, of crossing from A to B, so as to interrogate rather than to reify binary logics and bright boundaries. Whether in the context of Renaissance Neo-Classicism, Postcolonial Hong Kong, Genet's Palestine, or the Indian diaspora, the 'queering of comparison' and the comparing of queerness is richly explored in this volume and is celebrated in theoretically rigorous and wholly original ways. At the same time, as Traub notes in her afterword, the authors' persistent attention to both difference and incommensurability ensures an ethical core to this intrepid collection. Scholars interested in topics as varied as women's studies, post-nationalism, medieval studies, nineteenth-century popular culture, animal studies, and international law will find the essays that reconfigure our intellectual terrain so as to invite further comparative queerings." - Elizabeth M. Richmond-Garza, Director, Program in Comparative Literature and University Distinguished Teaching Associate Professor, University of Texas, Austin.
Thematics reconsidered : essays in honor of Horst S. Daemmrich
Medieval insular literature between the oral and the written. 2, Continuity of transmission
A sense of place : re-evaluating regionalism in Canadian and American writing
