http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15680 Nobel Prizes
Nobel Prizes
The periodic table and a missed Nobel Prize
Nobel : a century of prize winners
Islands in the stream
The bluest eye
Elizabeth Costello : eight lessons
The beginnings of the Nobel institution : the science prizes, 1901-1915
Life and death are wearing me out : a novel
The Nobel prize winners in literature
Iran awakening : from prison to peace prize, one woman's struggle at the crossroads of history
The garlic ballads
Nobel Prize women in science : their lives, struggles, and momentous discoveries
Red sorghum
Norwegian Nobel Prize laureates : from Bjørnson to Kydland
Ralph J. Bunche : selected speeches and writings
Allegiance to humanity : Joseph Rotblat and Pugwash after 40 years
Nobel lectures in chemistry 1971-1980
Nobel Prize winners, 1997-2001 supplement : an H.W. Wilson biographical dictionary
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1901-1967
Unbowed : a memoir
This title presents a unique photographic record of all living Nobel laureates. In this handsome coffee-table book, photographer Peter Badge captures the likeness of every living Nobel laureate in a lasting black-and-white image - more than 300 striking portraits in all. Brief biographical sketches accompanying the large-scale photographs pay homage to each laureate's singular contribution to science, literature or world peace. Bringing readers face-to-face with Nelson Mandela, Jimmy Carter, the Dalai Lama, James Watson, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Toni Morrison, Rita Levi-Montalcini, Linda Buck, and Paul Samuelson among many others, "Nobels" offers an intimate and compelling look at well-known honorees as well as lesser-known recipients. A fascinating word/image tableau.
The essential John Nash
Nobel lecture, Oslo, December 10, 2008
Intellectual capital : forty years of the Nobel Prize in economics
The cleft
Nobel lectures in chemistry 1981-1990
Shifu, you'll do anything for a laugh
The Nobel factor : the prize in economics, social democracy, and the market turn
What do you care what other people think? : further adventures of a curious character
Nobel wisdom : the 1000 wisest things ever said
Genius logistics : occupational geographical mobility of Nobel Prize winners in science 1860-2005
Nobel prizes that changed medicine
Nobel prize laureates in literature. Part 3, Lagerkvist-Pontoppidan
Champions of peace : the story of Alfred Nobel, the peace prize and the laureates
Encyclopedia of physics
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Peace. 1901-1925
"There is arguably no award more recognized in the academic and professional worlds than the Nobel Prize. The public pays attention to the prizes in the fields of economics, literature, and peace because their recipients are identified with particular ideas, concepts, or actions that often resonate with or sometimes surprise a global audience. The Nobel Prize in Economic Science established by the Bank of Sweden in 1969 has been granted to 64 individuals. Thomas Karier explores the core ideas of the economic theorists whose work led to their being awarded the Nobel in its first 40 years. He also discusses the assumptions and values that underlie their economic theories, revealing different and controversial features of the content and methods of the discipline. The Nobelists include Keynesians, monetarists, financial economists, behaviorists, historians, statisticians, mathematicians, game theorists, and other innovators. Rich in biographical details, illuminating the modern history of the discipline as a whole, Intellectual Capital allows an audience of lay and professional readers to readily understand the notions that define modern economic science and practice. It pointedly asks, and answers, whether the prizes have been awarded to those economists "who have during the previous year rendered the greatest service to mankind.""--Provided by publisher.
The road to Stockholm : Nobel Prizes, science, and scientists
Nobel lectures : Including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies. Literature. 1901-1967
Nobel laureates : 1901-2000
World encyclopedia of peace. Vol. 3, Treaties ; Chronology of the Peace Movement ; Nobel Peace Prize Laureates
Caretaker ; The Dumb Waiter
Vår drottning klädd för Nobelfest = Our Queen - dressed for a Nobel Banquet
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1981-1990
The politics of excellence : behind the Nobel prize in science
"Life and Death are Wearing Me Out opens in hell on January 1, 1950, nearly two years after Mao Zedong's Land Reform Movement overturned the traditional order of rural China. For those two years, Lord Yama, king of the underworld, has submitted Ximen Nao, a landowner known for his uncommon kindness to all who worked his land, to every possible torture to make him admit the charges that led to his execution at the hands of newly empowered peasants. But even after being fried alive - the ultimate torture in hell - Ximen Nao continues to proclaim his innocence. Finally, in disgust, Lord Yama relents and allows him to return to earth, to his former landholdings in impoverished Shandong. But when he arrives there, he finds to his dismay that he has been reborn not as a man but as a donkey, and it is through this animal's eyes that he witnesses the fates of his former family, friends, rivals, and enemies. Subsequent reincarnations find him as an ox, a pig, a dog, a monkey, and finally a large-headed boy with an uncanny memory and a great gift for language. Through the earthy perspective of each of these characters - as wells as of author Mo Yan himself, who frequently interrupts to comment on the events - this novel narrates the past fifty years of China's tumultuous history."--BOOK JACKET.
The Nobel Prize : the story of Alfred Nobel and the most famous prize in the world
Nobel lectures including presentation speeches and laureates' biographies. 2001-2005
Nobel prize winners, 1992-1996 supplement : an H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
Behind the doors at the Swedish Academy
The Nobel Prize : the first 100 years
In a relatively brief but masterful recounting, Professor Ulf Lagerkvist traces the origins and seminal developments in the field of chemistry, highlighting the discoveries and personalities of the individuals who transformed the ancient myths of the Greeks, the musings of the alchemists, the mystique of phlogiston into the realities and the laws governing the properties and behavior of the elements; in short, how chemistry became a true science. A centerpiece of this historical journey was the triumph by Dmitri Mendeleev who conceived the Periodic Law of the Elements, the relation between the properties of the elements and their atomic weights but more precisely their atomic number. Aside from providing order to the elements known at the time, the law predicted the existence and atomic order of elements not then known but were discovered soon after. An underlying but explicit intent of Lagerkist's survey is to address what he believes was a gross injustice in denying Mendeleev the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1905 and again in 1906. Delving into the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences' detailed records concerning the nominations, Lagerkvist reveals the judging criteria and the often heated and prejudicial arguments favoring and demeaning the contributions of the competing contenders of those years. Lagerkvist, who was a member of the Swedish Academy of Sciences and has participated in judging nominations for the chemistry prize, concludes "It is in the nature of the Nobel Prize that there will always be a number candidates who obviously deserve to be rewarded but never get the accolade".
Dictionary of literary biography. Part 4, Quasimodo-Yeats
Kofi Annan : a man of peace in a world of war
Nobel prize winners supplement 1987-1991 : a H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
Encyclopedia of chemistry
Nobel prize laureates in literature. Part 2, Faulkner-Kipling
The case for literature
The Swedish Academy and the Nobel Prize in literature
The Mediator : a biography of Martti Ahtisaari
Avoid boring people : lessons from a life in science
Dear life
Plays. 4
Plays two
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1991-1995
Nobel Prize Winners in Chemistry : 1901-1950
How to win the Nobel Prize in literature : a handbook for the would-be laureate
"Surely you're joking, Mr Feynman!" : adventures of a curious character
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Literature. 1968-1980
Big breasts and wide hips
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Peace. 1951-1970
Nobel prize winners from Hungary for humanity
Favoritism or fair election? : a study on the political orientation of the Nobel Peace Price 1901-2010
The Art of Seamus Heaney
How to win the Nobel Prize : an unexpected life in science
The Nobel Prize in literature : an introduction
Iran awakening : from prison to peace prize : one woman's struggle at the crossroads of history
Nobel lectures : including presentation speeches and Laureates' biographies. Peace. 1926-1950
The Nobel prize in medicine and the Karolinska institute : the story of Axel Key and Alfred Nobel
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 329, Nobel prize laureates in literature : part 1: Agnon-Eucken
A life of magic chemistry : autobiographical reflections of a Nobel Prize winner
Lying under the apple tree : new selected stories
The pleasure of finding things out : the best short works of Richard P. Feynman
Nobel prize winners : an H. W. Wilson biographical dictionary
Nobel : the man and his prizes
