http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15697 short films
short films
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. 1
Writing short scripts
Ideas for the animated short : finding and building stories
Get started in short filmmaking : principles, practise and techniques : an inspirational guide for the aspiring filmmaker
IMP05 : interactive media programme : all works of the interactive media programme 2005.
A collection of contemporary Irish music & film
In this house
Becoming professionally literate in the creative industry
Desired sadness awaits / [esitt.] Sole Convert
Transit to the invisible : 2, 1992-2003
How not to make a short film : secrets from a Sundance programmer
The third eye : production of an animated short film
Tampopo head and the name of the dogs
Fiction artists
Producing and Directing the Short Film and Video
Charlie Chaplin : Mutual-elokuvat. 3.
Pixoff : 34 short films from Finland
Cinemad : short film almanac 2009
The electrician
Short films : dispersive effects of clip thinking
Festival news
View03 : Festival of Finnish Media Art 7.1. - 20.1.2003 = Suomalaisen mediataiteen festivaali 7.1. - 20.1.2003
Greatest hits
Crafting short screenplays that connect
Flux film : anthology
Making short films : the complete guide from script to screen
Writing short films : structure and content for screenwriters
Charlie Chaplin. Essanay ; 2
TTVO:DVD
The art of the short fiction film : a shot by shot study of nine modern classics
Making it big in shorts : the ultimate filmmaker's guide to short films
Space-pigs
Veli Granö 1992-2003 : transit to the invisible
Jack in a box
Charlie Chaplin : Essanay-elokuvat. 2.
Le lit des amants = rakastavaisten vuode = the lovers' bed
Abstract: The purpose of this Thesis was to develop a professional workflow for a video production and to deliver a customer a script which could be used as a base for a professional and coherent educational video production that would showcase the advantages of an online platform through a real life case. The goal for the customer was to make the online platform more known to possible end users and to present the abilities of the platform in both student and business environment. The project was developed in collaboration with the customer, company maintaining the online platform and the University that was using the platform in their own case.    During the project the workflow for a professional video production was developed through an independent short film production. The pre-production, production and post production phases offered valuable practical information and skills for the foundations of a workflow for a single person.    In the Thesis the customers need for the production and the desired style for the production were solved. In the beginning of the project also the roles of the different parties involved and their workflow during the project were investigated. The Universitys own project was found out to be suitable for documentation as a real life example almost unaltered. However, the project of the University was a long-lasting one and only part of the project was decided to be documentary style and the conclusion would be dramatized.    As a result of the Thesis, a script that could be used to produce a professional educational video with narrative was written. Professional video production is at its best when it is done as a group work and different tasks are distributed to people that have the required special expertise. One man operation always suffers from lower quality to some degree because everyone is good at something but nobody is good at everything.
Maanmittari = the Surveyor
Touch
Short film distribution : film festivals, the Internet, and self-promotion
The tyranny of story : audience expectations and the short screenplay
Bitter lands : the making of a short animated film
Humour in the best of all possible worlds - writing and directing for film comedy : exploring craft of making the comic in the independent short
Disney during World War II : how the Walt Disney Studio contributed to victory in the war
The doorman = Vahtimestari
Independent fictional movie and customer based production : assessment of two approaches
New York, I love you
The early films of Peter Greenaway. 1.
34 short films from Finland
American avant garde film 1947-1986
Stereo ; Crimes of the Future
The animatrix
Rumble : the movie
34 short films from Finland : Pixoff presents
Traces of a young diaspora
Writing the short film
The indie 50 : 3D World's 50 greatest independent animated 3D shorts : 1997 to 2007.
Hidden : the truth is relative
Fluxfilm anthology
Basking in the Shadows
The technological explosion and free access to information have transformed our world in something very different than even ten years ago. An immense surge of creativity has imbued our lives from technology to entertainment, thus allowing the creative industries to develop at a fast pace. But what is required from a professional working in the creative industry today to be successful, and how to become one? To answer this question, a qualitative research was conducted in the field of design, animation and games, which uncovered that what defines professional literacy today besides knowledge are endurance in face of change, self-reliance, intellectual curiosity, motivation, versatility, a desire to learn new things, a can-do attitude and an ability to communicate across a wide range of tools and specialties. These skills are built and maintained through continuous learning, which can become challenging if not done correctly. The good news is that learning itself is a skill that can be cultivated so that when implemented the right way it is productive and satisfying. The paper presents the latest findings about how learning can become a rewarding and successful lifelong endeavour. Lastly, the validity of those conclusions was tested in practice through a personal learning project of creating a 3D animation. The practical implementation confirmed that if the terms required for a successful outcome are in place and the learning methods applied consistently, the desired goal can be reached through a fulfilling and exciting learning experience.
Finnish short films
Short films : writing the screenplay
Insonium : Mortal shoe
These boots ; Rocky vi ; Thru the wire ; L.a. woman ; Those were the days
An early 20th century novel by Louis-Ferdinand Céline : my cinematic dissection of a transposed segment
TAMK School of art and media : film and television, fine art, interactive media
Art & Media 2.0
Lobster love from the deep : films 2001-2011
Pumpkin cinema : the best movies for Halloween
Atomic platters : Cold War music from the golden age of homeland security
Beat films
Short films : ...how to make and distribute them
A perfect place : original motion picture soundtrack
Tampere ... International Short Film Festival : market catalogue
"Artists from films, whose lives are made-up: fictional artists. Who are they, how do they live, how do they work? What kind of cliches do they convey? Do they reflect the way that contemporary artists view themselves or do they represent an anachronistic image of the artist in a society heavily influenced by modern media? The twelve montages, taken from more than one hundred films ranging from classics to B-movies, engage in a subjective game with these questions" - - - [Cover].
Stereo ; Crimes of the future
Representative works : 17 short experimental films
Get started in short filmmaking : principles, practice and techniques : an inspirational guide for the aspiring filmmaker
