http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15612 harmony
harmony
The photographer's mind : creative thinkig for better digital photos
Harmonies of heaven and earth : mysticism in music from antiquity to the avant-garde
The stress-free home : beautiful interiors for serenity and harmonius living
Principles of color : a review of past traditions and modern theories of color harmony
Flamenco music theory : rhythm, harmony, melody, form
Fragments of reality : daily entries of lived life
The fifth hammer : Pythagoras and the disharmony of the world
The elements of music : concepts and applications. Volume two
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Secrets of meditation : simple techniques for achieving harmony
Cosmic ordering for beginners  : the Mohr method
Beginning songwriting : writing your own lyrics, melodies and chords
The 21 golden rules for Cosmic ordering
A theory of harmony
Harmony : structure and style
Combinatorial harmony :  concepts and techniques for composing and improvising : all instruments
The handbook of phonological theory
The science of sound
The complete Gospel parallels
A note on Ptol. Harm. 102,6 Düring
Bagatelles : op. 47 : for 2 violins, violincello & piano (or harmonium)
Logic and design : in art, science & mathematics
Creative chordal harmony for guitar : using generic modality compression
Jazz ukulele : comping, soloing, chord melodies
Jazz harmony [3rd ed.]
Peace : The Roots of the cultural tradition and values of the Chinese people
Colours in the visual world
Harmonium : the history of the reed organ and its makers
The ghost sister
Notes & tones on aspects of aesthetics in studying harmony and disharmony : a dialectical examination
A psychoacoustic model of harmonic cadences
How equal temperament ruined harmony : (and why you should care)
The secret code : the mysterious formula that rules art, nature, and science
More than a life : John Meredith and the fight for Australian tradition
Harmonic minor, melodic minor, and diminished scales for guitar : for all styles, with theory, modal applications and typical chord progressions
The complete illustrated guide to feng shui for gardeners
Design strategies in architecture : an approach to the analysis of form
Minor is major
Design of cities
Entropy and art : an essay on disorder and order / Rudolf Arnheim
Squeeze this! : a cultural history of the accordion in America
Improving intonation in band and orchestra performance
At peace at home : harmonious designs for simple living
Colour and meaning : art, science and symbolism
Harmonics in architecture
The hidden geometry of life : the science and spirituality of nature
The tone of our times : sound, sense, economy, and ecology
Turun ympäristötaideprojektin teokset : 14 kohdetta kaupunkikuvassa = Åbo miljökonstprojekts konstverk : 14 objekt i stadsbilden = Environmental art works in Turku : 14 objects in the cityspace
Color harmony. 2, a guide to creative color combinations
Parallel Gospels : a synopsis of early Christian writing
Exploring jazz arranging : an interactive guide to the techniques and aesthetics
Colour : a workshop for artists and designers
The jazz harmony book : a course in adding chords to melodies
Color harmony workbook : a workbook and guide to creative color combinations
A Chromatic approach to jazz harmony and melody
Feng shui garden design : creating serenity
My big fat zombie goldfish. The fintastic fish-sitter
In this wide-ranging book, Frances Dyson examines the role of sound in the development of economic and ecological systems that are today in crisis. Connecting early theories of harmony, cosmology, and theological doctrine to contemporary media and governance, Dyson uses sound, tone, music, voice, and noise as forms of sonority through which the crises of "eco" can be read. The sonic environment, Dyson argues, is fundamental to both sense and sensibility, and its delimitation has contributed to the "senselessness" of a world now caught between spiraling debt and environmental degradation. Dyson draws on scenes, historical moments, artworks, and artistic and theoretical practice to situate the reverberative atmosphere that surrounds and sustains us. From Pythagoras's hammer and the transmutation of music into mathematics, to John Cage's famous experience in the anechoic chamber, to the relocation of the stock market from the street to the computer screen, to Occupy Wall Street's "people's microphone": Dyson finds policies and practices of exclusion. The sound of Pythagoras's forge and the rabble of the market have been muted, rearticulated, and transformed, Dyson argues, through the monotones of media, the racket of financialization, and the gibberish of political speech. Informed by contemporary sound art, philosophy, media and sociopolitical theory, The Tone of Our Times offers insights into present crises that are relevant to a broader understanding of how space, the aural, and listening have shaped and continue to shape the world we live in.
"A fascinating and genuinely accessible guide....Educating, enjoyable, and delightfully unscary."—Classical Music What if Bach and Mozart heard richer, more dramatic chords than we hear in music today? What sonorities and moods have we lost in playing music in "equal temperament"—the equal division of the octave into twelve notes that has become our standard tuning method? Thanks to How Equal Temperament Ruined Harmony, "we may soon be able to hear for ourselves what Beethoven really meant when he called B minor 'black'" (Wall Street Journal).In this "comprehensive plea for more variety in tuning methods" (Kirkus Reviews), Ross W. Duffin presents "a serious and well-argued case" (Goldberg Magazine) that "should make any contemporary musician think differently about tuning" (Saturday Guardian). 48 illustrations
Wabi inspirations
The simple secret to better painting : how to immediately improve your work with the golden rule of design
Musical development : or, remarks on the spirit of the principal music forms
Includes tuning guides and intonation charts for all instruments.
