http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p156 books
books
Children's reading choices
Delphie and the magic spell ; Rosa and the golden bird
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
The queen of zombie hearts
Defiance. Book 1
Bear's house of books
But excuse me that is my book
How to teach a dragon manners
The library
Captain Underpants and the perilous plot of professor Poopypants
Smart girls get what they want
Pottermore Presents is a collection of J.K. Rowling's writing taken from the Pottermore archives: short reads originally featured on pottermore.com with some exclusive new additions. These eBooks, with writing curated by Pottermore, will take you beyond the Harry Potter stories as J.K. Rowling reveals her inspiration, intricate details of characters' lives and surprises from the wizarding world.The Hogwarts Collection gathers together three Pottermore Presents volumes. Rediscover the stories of Remus Lupin and Minerva McGonagall in "Heroism, Hardship and Dangerous Hobbies"; delve into Horace Slughorn's early years in "Power, Politics and Pesky Poltergeists"; and venture into the Hogwarts grounds in "Hogwarts: An Incomplete and Unreliable Guide
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Princess in waiting
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
The emperor's new clothes
Little Witch goes to school
Horrible haircut
A feast of dragons
Liars, Inc
Four : Divergent stories : The Transfer; The Initiate; The Son; The Traitor
Love and Exile
Rough cider
How do dinosaurs say good night?
Living with books
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
Two heads are better than one
The practical guide to book repair and conservation : with 100 illustrations
Make and use books
Horrid Henry reads a book
Good sport Gwen
Bound
Incidents in the night. Book one
UnDivided
The Christie curse
A book of spirits and thieves
Bad break
The Very cleaver aliens
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Books : buyers and borrowers
The waterfall
Dancing Jax
Unbound
Guide to electronic resource management
The sky is everywhere
Dick Whittington
Pottermore presents. Volumes 1-3, The Hogwarts collection
"Brooklyn Wainwright is a skilled surgeon. Sure, her patients might smell like mold and have spines made of leather, but no ailing book is going to die on her watch. The same can't be said of Abraham Karastovsky, Brooklyn's friend and former employer. On the eve of the celebration for his latest book restoration, Brooklyn finds her mentor lying a pool of his own blood. With his final breath, Abraham leaves Brooklyn a cryptic message, 'Remember the devil,' and smiles as she takes possession of his priceless, and supposedly cursed, copy of Goethe's Faust .... "--p. [4] of cover.
Mungo and the picture book pirates
Testaments of time : the search for lost manuscripts and records
Unreasonable doubt
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
Princess on the brink
The labyrinth of dreaming books : a novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
Fizzlebert stump : the boy who ran away from the circus (and joined the library)
To all the boys I've loved before
Good news Bible
Wessex tales
Modern-day Toronto: A heavy leather-bound book written in an unrecognisable language is delivered to the Speckled Muse, the antique bookshop owned by Crystal and Becca Hatcher's mother. When Becca opens it, she's sent into a coma, leaving Crys behind to uncover a series of terrifying secrets. Ancient Mytica: A merciless goddess hunts for the elusive treasure that will make her ruler not only of Mytica, but of all the unseen worlds that lay beyond it. Modern-day Toronto: Rich and aimless Farrell Grayson finally has the chance to prove himself when the mysterious leader of a powerful secret society invites him into his fold. Ancient Mytica: Maddox Corso has always been different, but never remarkable. Everything changes the day he meets a pretty, unfamiliar girl from a faraway land, only to realise that he's the only one who can see her. Fate has brought these young people together, but ancient magic threatens to rip them apart.
History of the rain
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Mercy Watson to the rescue
A guide to developing Braille and talking book services
Lady : my life as a bitch
Diary of a wombat
Books in the age of one-line information : will we read more or fewer books?
International books in print 1988 : a listing of English-language titles published in Canada, Continental Europe, Latin America, Oceania, Africa, Asia, and the Republic of Ireland
The Ministry of fear
How to talk about books you haven't read
Dancing Jax : freax and rejex
The history of making books
The fox and the stork
Innocence (with bonus short story Wilderness) : a novel
The Bunker diary
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The habitation of the blessed : a dirge for Prester John volume one
The fall
The fifth child
Public library and other stories
Hitler's private library : the books that shaped his life
Through the zombie glass
The lonely girl
Between the lines
From oracles bones to E-publications : three millennia of publishing in China
TENDER IS THE NIGHT
Endymion spring
Through the ever night
It's a book
Novel living : collecting, decorating, and crafting with books
The shipping news
Honey's new friend
The Comedians
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
Canadian multidisciplinary journals, books, proceedings, theses and other documents; anything predating the last two years of publication is freely available.
Shaun shoots the sheep and Camping chaos
Library mouse
The midnight library
The children's crusade
Joukkoviestimet 2013 = Finnish mass media 2013.
The Murders in the rue morgue and other tales
The book thief
Ancient literacies : the culture of reading in Greece and Rome
The truth about Hansel and Gretel
Notes from ghost town
Florence and the drummer boy
Death and Mr Pickwick
Polar bears
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
The Other Publishers Catalogue : winter 1981-82
The Times literary supplement : Helsinki
Over the moon!
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
Until the beginning
Jodie Broom and the library card
This is where it ends
The one
UnSouled
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The Sayers Swindle
Bookbinding and the conservation of books : a dictionary of descriptive terminology
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
The darkest magic
The eye of minds
Grave Mercy
The look of love : romantic illustration through the ages
Codex born
Wolves
Its A Little Book
First impressions
Chameleon races
The sixth key
Wild about books
A stranger in Olondria : being the complete memoirs of the mystic, Jevick of Tyom
The Phantom of the Opera
Olivia counts
The son of Sobek : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The dream thieves
Falling fast
The logogryph : a bibliography of imaginary books
A quest of heroes
A march of kings
Celebrities' favourite books : in aid of the Alzheimers' society
Religion : the basics
The holy Bible : new international version : containing The Old Testament and The New Testament
The fantastic flying books of Mr Morris Lessmore
Books always everywhere
Ink and bone
Peter and the wolf
Reading the world : confessions of a literary explorer
Daylight saving
All the bright places
THE WIZARD OF OZ
Book with no pictures
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
The folded world : a dirge for Prester John volume two
The heir
Promise you won't be cross
The Apple tree alien
Who let the dogs out?
Deception. Book 2
No boyz allowed
The perks of being a wallflower
Omanikumärgid vanaraamatus : artiklite kogumik = Ownership marks in old books : collection of articles = Владельческий знак на старинной книге : сборник статей
The girl of fire and thorns
P.S. I still love you
Shades of earth
Stanley and the magic lamp
UnWholly
Modern-day Toronto: Sisters Crystal and Becca Hatcher are reunited after reclaiming the Bronze Codex and narrowly escaping death. They have no one to trust but each other, and the only thing keeping them safe is the book that sent Becca's spirit to Ancient Mytica--the same book that their enemies would kill them for.   Ancient Mytica: Maddox grapples to keep his newly discovered powers under control, while the ruthless goddess Valoria hunts him down.  Modern-day Toronto: Farrell embraces his dark side as he unwittingly falls further under the spell of Markus, the mastermind leader of the nefarious Hawkspear Society, who will stop at nothing to find Crys and Becca--and the remarkable book in their possession.
The city of dreaming books :  novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
Iggy & me on holiday
Hetty's new hat
Doubled in diamonds
The girls of slender means
Homicide in hardcover
Book distribution and promotion problems in South Asia : (by arrangement with UNESCO)
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Knocked out by my nunga-nungas
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
The Book Thief & I Am the Messenger
Charlie Cook's favourite book
Books : an anthology
Duncan the story dragon
The fun run
Dancing dinos go to school
Lowly worm meets the early bird
How to cross the road and not turn into a pizza
The crown of embers
One, two buckle my shoe
Books for living
Extraordinary* : *the true story of my fairy godparent, who almost killed me, and certainly never made me a princess
The Hawley book of the dead
The book lover's tale
The book that eats people
The Holy Bible : NKJV = New King James version : containing the Old and New Testaments
Holy Bible : new international version
Mr Tubs is lost!
Tove Jansson : life, art, words : the authorised biography / Boel Westin ; translated by Silvester Mazzarella
The book of heroes
Nancy Clancy : secret admirer
Novel destinations: literary landmarks from Jane Austen’s Bath to Ernest Hemingway’s Key West
The tenth man
We'll always have summer
The youth hostel murders
The circle
The bitter kingdom
Blue Lily, Lily Blue
The greedy python
Books do furnish a room
The blessing
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
The invitation
The queen, the mice and the cheese
Sunflower
Read with me 1
Snow like ashes
Making books that fly, fold, wrap, hide, pop up, twist and turn
Nipper McFee in trouble with Primrose Paws
My foe outstretch'd beneath the tree
Taste & technique in book collecting : with an epilogue
The shadow cats
An introduction to book history
The great good thing : a novel
Lotta on Troublemaker street
Isabella, the star of the story
The program
Nancy Clancy : super sleuth
Book Girl and the scribe who faced God. Part 1
Stories from Mudpuddle Farm
