http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15628 French speakers
French speakers
Recasting French literary history in terms of the cultures and peoples that interacted within and outside of France's national boundaries, this volume offers a new way of looking at the history of a national literature, along with a truly global and contemporary understanding of language, literature, and culture. The relationship between France's national territory and other regions of the world where French is spoken and written (most of them former colonies) has long been central to discussions of "Francophonie." Boldly expanding such discussions to the whole range of French literature, the essays in this volume explore spaces, mobilities, and multiplicities from the Middle Ages to today. They rethink literary history not in terms of national boundaries, as traditional literary histories have done, but in terms of a global paradigm that emphasizes border crossings and encounters with "others." Contributors offer new ways of reading canonical texts and considering other texts that are not part of the traditional canon. By emphasizing diverse conceptions of language, text, space, and nation, these essays establish a model approach that remains sensitive to the specificities of time and place and to the theoretical concerns informing the study of national literatures in the twenty-first century.
Official languages in the Canadian sports system : Volume 1 = Les langues officielles dans le système sportif canadien : Volume no 1
The Ashanti doll
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 16, Writings of 1736.
Slowness
Ethnolinguistic identity and vitality of Acadians in New Brunswick
Postcolonial theory and Francophone literary studies
Flutes of death
Midnight in the century
THE FOUR WISE MEN
In 1933, Victor Serge was arrested by Stalin's police, interrogated, and held in solitary confinement for more than eighty days. Released, he spent two years in exile in remote Orenburg. These experiences were the inspiration for Midnight in the Century, Serge's searching novel about revolutionaries living in the shadow of Stalin's betrayal of the revolution. Among the exiles - true believers in a cause that no longer exists - gathered in the town of Chenor, or Black Waters, are the granite-faced old Bolshevik Ryzhik, stoic yet gentle Varvara, and Rodion, a young, self-educated worker who is trying to make sense of the world and history. They struggle in the unlikely company of Russian Orthodox Old Believers who are also suffering for their faith. Against unbelievable odds, the young Rodion will escape captivity and find a new life in the wild. Surviving the dark winter night of the soul, he rediscovers the only real, and most radical, form of resistance: hope
THE BRIDGE ON THE RIVER KWAI
Niiwam and Taaw
The butts
The angels die
1572: Returning from his studies in Montpellier, Pierre de Siorac is ambushed by a jealous Perigord nobleman. A duel ensues, and Pierre must subsequently travel to Paris, to seek his pardon from the King. The capital city and the royal court are a disorienting new environment for Pierre: a world of sweet words and fierce pride, where coquettish smiles hide behind fans, and murderous intents behind elegant bows; a world of genteel tennis matches and deadly swordplay, whose elaborate social graces mask a simmering tension that will soon explode to engulf the entire city in one of history's most infamous bouts of butchery - and signal the dawn of a new and bloody era in the history of France. Here, Pierre faces the greatest challenge of his young existence - to make his way through this deceptively dangerous milieu, to win a royal pardon, and finally to escape from Paris with his life, and the lives of his beloved companions, intact.
The beggars' strike or the dregs of society
Le livre dou voir dit : The book of the true poem
City of wisdom and blood
THE FIFTH SON
Etymologies and genealogies : a literary anthropology of the French Middle Ages
A concise bibliography of French literature
Parfums : a catalogue of remembered smells
The laughing cry : an African cock and bull story
Tribaliks : contemporary Congolese stories
Don Juan and other plays
The harm is done
Postcolonial thought in the French-speaking world
Bozambo's revenge or colonialism inside out : a novel
THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA
The guardian of the word
Samuel Beckett: the complete short prose, 1929-1989
Hammer blows
We only saw happiness
The antipeople : a novel
Suspended sentences : three novellas
Poems of a Black Orpheus
Les oeuvres complètes de Voltaire. 30C, [Writings of 1746-1748 (III)]
Language rights in French Canada
PERRAULT'S COMPLETE FAIRY TALES
The first man
A French novel
Translations from the night : selected poems
THE FIFTH SIMENON OMNIBUS
The sacred night
The night watch
Francophone studies : discourse and identity
THE CID ; CINNA ; THE THEATRICAL ILLUSION
THE INFERNAL MACHINE AND OTHER PLAYS
A new history of French literature
The black notebook
Constructing the Quebec referendum : French and English media voices
Ethnic relations in Canada : institutional dynamics
HOW IT IS
The Count of Monte Cristo
Rhinoceros / translated by Derek Prouse ; The chairs / translated by Donald Watson ; The lesson / translated by Donald Watson
The map and the territory
Selected poems
French short stories = Nouvelles françaises. Volume = Tome 2 / edited by Simon Lee ; [translated by Peter Newmark ... et al.]
The Rock of Tanios
All the light we cannot see : a novel
BABAR AND FATHER CHRISTMAS
The radiance of the king
THE STORY OF BABAR, THE LITTLE ELEPHANT
AROUND THE WORLD IN EIGHTY DAYS
The stranger
Heremakhonon : a novel
THE WATER OF THE HILLS
Bred to kill
Mother comes of age
The conquest of bread
Houseboy
Black Shack alley
Studies French and English
Portrait of a man
Before the birth of the moon
Actes de New Orleans
The age of reinvention
The North China lover
The one who was standing apart from me. Maurice Blanchot
Black, blanc, beur : rap music and hip hop in the Francophone world
The troubadour lyric : a psychocritical reading
The moneys-order with White genesis
Plague and cholera
Heretic dawn
Journey to the center of the earth
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 73, Writings of 1771.
THE BALD SOPRANO
In the shocking sequel to runaway international bestseller"Syndrome E," ""Lucie Henebelle and Inspector Sharko reunite to investigate the brutal murder of Eva Louts, a promising graduate student who was killed while working at a primate research center outside Paris. But what first appears to be a vicious animal attack soon proves to be something more sinister. What was Eva secretly researching? Could she have been on the track of a crazed trio of scientists attempting to unleash a thirty-thousand-year-old virus into the world? With his unmatched ability to inject cutting-edge science into his novels, Thilliez draws on genetics, paleontology, and the dark side of human nature to create this smart, adrenaline-fueled thriller."Bred to Kill"moves from the rain-slicked streets of Paris to the heart of the Alps to the remoteAmazon jungle as Lucie and Sharko work to solve the murder before whoever killed Eva comes for them."
Jazz and palm wine and other stories
Anglais : English for French speakers : le programme complet. Partie 1A
Paris peasant
Brief loves that live forever
CALIGULA & THREE OTHER PLAYS
The last of the empire : a Senegalese novel
Francophone minorities : assimilation and community vitality = Minorités francophones : assimilation et vitalité des communautés
The seven solitudes of Lorsa Lopez
The French language in Canada
French African verse
So you don't get lost in the neighbourhood
The old man and the medal
A classification of the manuscripts of Gui de Cambrai's Vengement Alixandre
French short stories = Nouvelles françaises. Volume = Tome 1 / edited by Pamela Lyon ; [translated by Barbara Wright ... et al.]
Transforming trauma into fiction : Marguerite Duras's India cycle
Anglais : English for French speakers : le programme complet. Partie 1B
Rapports : an introduction to French language and francophone culture
A dream of Africa
Agatha Moudio's son
The fires of autumn
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 20 A, Writings of 1739-1741
Deconstruction and the postcolonial : at the limits of theory
The foundling boy
The plague
The life of elves
Snares without end
The foundling
A woman loved
A history of French literature : from Chanson De Geste to cinema
Lion mountain
Prose and poetry
Social and linguistic change in European French
French global : a new approach to literary history
When young Turambo and his family leave the ghetto for a new life in Oran, the future seems full of possibilities. But colonial Algeria is no place for an ambitious Arab-Berber, and Turambo can only find menial jobs without prospects.  Then, out of the blue, his impressive left hook opens the way to a boxing apprenticeship. With a chance at success finally within reach, can Turambo achieve sporting greatness and still remain true to himself?
Cool memories. 2, 1987-1990
The two traditions : the art of storytelling amongst French Newfoundlanders
The contemporary French novel
The Cambridge introduction to Francophone literature
FRIDAY OR THE OTHER ISLAND
The rift
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
