http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15669 freezing (food preservation)
freezing (food preservation)
Effect of supplemental vitamin E on the performance of growing-finishing pigs fed stored versus freshly harvested barley and on the storage stability and eating quality of frozen pork
Effects of prefreezing treatments on the structure of strawberries and jams
Some aspects of food refrigeration and freezing
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
Introduction to food process engineering
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 5.
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 3.
Frozen embryo transfer : early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
Betaine as a lipotropic agent and as an alleviator of osmotic stress
Chilled and frozen : guidelines on cook-chill and cook-freeze catering systems
Frozen food science and technology
"Vegan food with down-home appeal is the sort of vegan food Americans want to eat. Sit down to a dinner that looks and tastes great, but just happens to be completely plant-based so it's also good for you. That's how Ginny McMeans cooks, and here she shares 125 of her favorite recipes. Every recipe can also be made-ahead and frozen for later, as these meals are designed for the busy person. This is delicious, homemade, everyday food that you can cook fresh on a whim or pull from your freezer for a quick healthy supper, "--Amazon.com.
Batters and breadings in food processing
Effect of processing and cooking on total and soluble oxalate content in frozen root vegetables prepared for consumption
Food processing handbook
The Hamlyn encyclopedia of freezing
Analysis procedures for investigating freezing induced textural changes in foods
Frozen food technology
Freezing of fruits and vegetables : an agribusiness alternative for rural and semi-rural areas
Processing and quality of foods. Vol. 3, Chilled foods: the revolution in freshness
Low temperature biology of foodstuffs
Vegetable processing
Proceedings
Principles of food processing
Food processing technology : principles and practice
The effect of embryo culture length and freezing method on the ART success rate and the weight of the newborn
Cooking for the freezer
Frozen & refrigerated doughs and batters
Preserving
Introduction to food engineering
Freezing and refrigerated storage in fisheries
Consider the fork : a history of how we cook and eat
The oxalate content of beetroot, carrot, celeriac and parsnip after freezing by traditional and modified methods (the latter resulting in a convenience food product), and after the preparation of frozen products for consumption was evaluated. The highest content of total and soluble oxalates (105 and 82 mg 100 g-1 fresh matter) was found in beetroot. The lowest proportion (55%) of soluble oxalates was noted in celeriac; this proportion was higher in the remaining vegetables, being broadly similar for each of them. Blanching brought about a significant decrease in total and soluble oxalates in fresh vegetables. Cooking resulted in a higher loss of oxalates. The level of oxalates in products prepared for consumption directly after freezing approximated that before freezing. Compared with the content before freezing, vegetables prepared for consumption by cooking after frozen storage contained less oxalates, except for total oxalates in parsnip and soluble oxalates in beetroot and celeriac. The highest ratio of oxalates to calcium was found in raw beetroot; it was two times lower in raw carrot; five times lower in raw celeriac; and eight times lower in raw parsnip. These ratios were lower after technological and culinary processing. The percentage of oxalate bound calcium depended on the species; this parameter was not significantly affected by the procedures applied. The true retention of oxalates according to Judprasong et al. (2006) was lower than retention calculated taking its content in 100 g fresh matter into account.
This manual provides information on freezing technology to preserve fruits and vegetables in small-scale operations. Practical examples demonstrating the application of the technology are given to provide a better understanding of the processes. Compared to other conventional methods used in the storage of fruits and vegetables, freezing is the most satisfactory method in terms of quality, process and overall cost. Currently, the frozen food market is one the largest sectors in the food industry. Industrialized countries dominate the trade in frozen food commodities, but developing countries can also develop their own frozen food industries. Introduction of adequate freezing technology is essential to meet the growing consumer demand for frozen foods in developing countries.
Prefermented frozen lean wheat doughs
The frozen food cookbook and guide to home freezing
The main goal of in vitro fertilization (IVF) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) treatment is a healthy mother and a healthy child. The most important complication following IVF/ICSI arises from the increased risk of multiple pregnancies. An elective single embryo transfer (eSET) with the freezing of spare embryos and subsequent treatment with frozen embryo transfer (FET) is the only way to avoid this complication. For this reason, the number of children born after FET is steadily rising.The aim of this study was to provide more detailed evidence on the safety of FET, particularly focusing on serum hormone profiles during the first trimester weeks of singleton pregnancies after IVF/ICSI fresh embryo transfer (ET), after FET during a natural menstrual cycle, and after spontaneous conception. Another part of this study compared the perinatal outcomes, congenital anomalies (CAs), and morbidity of singletons born after FET and IVF/ICSI fresh ET. The reference group was those born after spontaneously conceived (SC) pregnancies.In the clinical prospective study, the maternal serum estradiol and progesterone levels in pregnancies after fresh ET (n=39) were higher during early pregnancy weeks than in FET (n=30) and SC pregnancies (n=41), while the hormonal profiles after FET did not differ from SC pregnancies. In the large register study, FET children (n=1830) were found to have a reduced risk for adverse perinatal outcomes, such as preterm birth, a low birthweight, and being small for their gestational age compared with children born after fresh ET (n=2942). However, FET children have an increased risk for being large for their gestational age. The major CAs and morbidity until three years of age did not differ between groups. When compared with SC children (n =31 243), the perinatal outcome was worse and the rates of CAs and morbidity were higher in FET children.The FET cycle seemed to provide a better physiological environment for early fetal development than fresh ET. Further, FET protects against some of the adverse perinatal outcomes of children when compared with fresh ET, but not when it comes to the major CAs and early somatic health.This study provides further evidence of the safety of FET in comparison with fresh ET. This information should further encourage clinicians to implement eSET combined with cryopreservation in their IVF/ICSI program.
Cryopreservation of boar semen : studies on sperm viability in vitro and fertility
Components of stallion seminal plasma and their influence on spermatozoa
Fresh from the freezer : 100 delicious, freezer-friendly recipes
The effect of processing on the amino acid content in green cauliflower
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 1-2
Food process engineering and technology
New developments in meat refrigeration
Raw material characteristics and treatment - effects on yield and quality of cold-smoked Atlantic salmon = Råmaterialets betydning for utbytte og kvalitet på kald-røykt Atlantisk laks
Cheesemaking : science and technology
The make ahead vegan cookbook : 125 freezer-friendly recipes
Cryopreservation of buds and in vitro shoot tips of Betula pendula
The complete book of home freezing
Meat freezing : a source book
Effect of freezing and thawing on meat quality
Le froid au service de l'homme : 16th international congress of refrigeration, Paris 1983. 2.
About food preservation and refrigeration : Its relation to health
Fertility of frozen ram semen under field conditions : with special reference to influence of extenders and freezing procedures
Freezing and irradiation of fish
Processing foods : quality optimization and process assessment
Handbook of food engineering practice
Handbook of food preservation
Managing the cold chain for quality and safety
Composition and cryopreservation of sperm from some Finnish freshwater teleost fish
The ultimate book of cooking hints & tips
Evaluation of frozen stallion semen
Novelties of food freezing research in Europe and beyond
