http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15687 industrial wood
industrial wood
Carpentry
The use of network-based business models has been brought up as a means of creating com-petitive edge in the tightening global competition. In practice, adopting network-based models has not yet become common in the wood products industry. The objective of this study is to gain better understanding of types of network-based business models using a case study of two small and medium-sized wood industry companies in Finland (for a sake of anonymity named as A and B). The network of company A is found to consist of mostly of established actors with a new-in-the-market value creation system, whereas network for company B is more stable and has an established value system aiming at growth and incremental innovations. Both networks had experienced difficulties in finding partners and lacked some strategic resources. Via this example we wish to stimulate further research interest on the sources of network-based competitive advantage in the traditional wood product industry in a need of renewal of business models..
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Balancing industrial and recreational use of forests
Handbook of Finnish plywood
Glossary of terms relating to timber and woodwork
The international book of wood
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
Antecedents and barriers to product innovation : a comparison between innovating and non-innovating strategic business units in the wood industry
The procurement of wood raw materials by Finnish paper industry - an outlook
Advances in drying of wood : NTI-papers from COST-E15 seminars 2000-2004
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 3.
Abstract.
Technology of Furniture Production
Long-term trends and prospects in world supply and demand for wood and implications for sustainable forest management
Consumer behavior and buying profile in the Wooden Housing Industry in France
Vendor managed inventory in wood processing industries : a case study
Wood fiber contents of different materials in the paper industry material chain expressed in roundwood equivalents (RWEs)
Woodworking industrial safety : proceedings of the workshop on woodworking industrial safety 24 August-11 September 1987, Kotka, Finland. Part 2, Group works and country reports
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
PlyVisions : Raute customer magazine
The competitive position of the Nordic wood industry in Germany : intangible quality dimensions
Linking resource-based view with business economics of woodworking industry : earlier findings and future insights
Forest products : the harvesting, processing, and marketing of materials other than lumber, including the principal derivatives, extractives and incidental products in the United States and Canada
The Arkhangelsk oblast has long been one of Russia's most important forest industrial regions. This paper analyses the changes in accessibility of forest resources and forest commodity production during the transition period in the 1990s. Special attention is given to firm restructuring, active roles of domestic capital and the different survival strategies that have been developed by industries in the region. Further analysis deals with signs of economic recovery in the forest sector due to the processes of restructuring, modernisation and self-organisation.
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
Corporate responsibility in Finnish forest industry SMEs : practice without preaching?
This article focuses on the most recent internationalisation of Finnish forest companies. The profiles of the major companies are analysed. A 'world map' is drawn to illustrate the gradual formation of forest-industrial spaces in three scales: the articulation of Finnish (national) forest interest is related to the strategic openings of the Finnish forest companies within European (continental) and global (transcontinental) contexts. The suggested world map covers both the active exporting of the 'Finnish model' and the subsequent new location of Finland in the international networks. Both material and symbolic dimensions of the process are highlighted. The slow dynamics of the paper production is set against the current fluidity of societal demands that are fed by intensifying competition between the leading companies, profit maximation among the shareholders, and keen steering by globally aware environmentalists and consumers. Finally, the eco-social consequences of the contested globalisation process are addressed by examining the most controversial signs and signals. These include size ranking of the companies, profit hunting, image and identity politics, and product certifications. The theoretical framework is based on the political-ecology literature inspired by actor- and context-specific approaches. Hence, the aim is a simultaneous analysis of both material and symbolic changes in forest industrial practices.
The encyclopedia of wood : a tree-by-tree guide to the world's most versatile resource
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Globalisation in the forest industry has its own particular characteristics which are due to a high degree of capital intensity and limits in raw material supply. Investments in new capacities are expensive and the rate of forest regeneration is slow in the traditional resource areas in the conifer dominated forests of the global North. The supply problem has lead forest companies to establish tree plantations and pulp mills in the temperate and tropical zones. This has largely modified global forest-industrial relations. I examine here how and why the establishment of the Fray Bentos pulp mill in Uruguay by a Finnish company, Metsä-Botnia, turned into an international conflict. I also show how the political reactions to the mill planning in fact relied on and further developed the international mechanisms of forest-industrial regulation. The partners of the mill project were forced to prove that the fears expressed by critical parties would not come true. The article ends with some suggestions to improve social sensitivity of forest-industrial projects by studying more systematically the dependencies between the forest industry and the environing society.
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Development of forest sector in the Arkhangelsk oblast during the transition period of the 1990s
[Abstract].
Finland's National Forest Programme 2010 : follow-up report 2005-2006
Survey of the wood-based panels industries 1986 : Supplementary information
Modeling long-term price development by using time-series auto-regression and expert judgments
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 5.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 4.
Use of fuelwood in Europe in 1950-60 and possiilities of converting fuelwood to industrial uses by 1975
Quantitative elemental analysis of dry-ashed bark and wood samples of birch, spruce and pine from South-Western Finland using PIXE
Timberjack review : internal magazine for personnel, dealers and key suppliers
Late-industrial sawmill customers : the concept of industrial operating mode and its testing in secondary wood processing industry
Evaluation of energy forestry research in Sweden
Lessons from Fray Bentos: forest industry, overseas investments and discursive regulation
Industrial timberland ownership in the USA : arguments based on case studies
Strategic business networks in the Finnish wood products industry: a case of two small and medium-sized enterprises
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Sawing and planing
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
Analysis of India's Plywood Market : Opportunities for foreign and Finnish companies
Forest products annual market review 2005-2006
Forest industry on the map of Finland
A preliminary screening of woody plants as biomass crops on energy farms : final report
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
Developing Biofuel Production from Food Industry Wastes in the Rural Area of Kenya.
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
Social media in wood products marketing and collecting of end user driven product development ideas
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 1.
Easy ways to expert woodworking
The Timber Trades Journal and saw-mill Advertiser
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
Woodwork joints : kinds of joints how they are cut and where used
Market research of German Horticulture : Case: Netled Oy
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Summary.
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 6.
Energy from forest biomass
Birch as sawn timber and in mechanical further processing in Finland : a literature study
Spanish wood working industry : geographical structure, export and import
Fine woodworking on wood and how to dry it : 41 articles
Occupational exposure to chemical agents and the risk of respiratory cancers in the Finnish wood industry
Magazine paper consumption in different socio-economic environments : case: emerging markets
Globalisation and the Finnish forest sector: on the internationalisation of forest-industrial operations
At present, there are no means for reliably comparing the wood fiber contents of different material streams within the paper industry material chain with each other. The aim of this article is to introduce conversion factors that make it possible to quantify the volume of wood expressed in roundwood equivalent (RWE) values for different paper industry-related materials in the material chain. These conversion factors apply to wood pulp, paper, and recovered paper. European data are used in quantifying the paper industry material streams and calculating the RWE conversion factors. The introduced conversion factors can be used to estimate RWE volumes at a global scale. With assumption that paper recycling did not occur and that paper production volume remained unchanged, an additional volume of 666 million m3 RWEs would be required globally per annum to produce 167 million tons of virgin wood pulp to replace 222 million tons of recovered paper utilized by the paper industry in 2010. This volume is approximately the same as 1.6 times the total removal of wood in Europe (EU27), or the total annual removal of wood in the USA, Canada, and Brazil combined..
Analyzing the views of wood harvesting professionals related to the approaches for increasing the cost-efficiency of wood harvesting from young stands
Dimensionality of quality from a customer perspective in the wood industry
Woodwatch
Porin Puuvilla oy : cotonnerie - Cotton manufctures
Interdependence of the sawlog, pulpwood and sawmill chip markets : an oligopsony model with an application to Finland
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
A game theoretic simulation model for quality oriented timber supply to sawmills
Suomalaista työtä = Finland at work
Fibreboard and particle board : technical papers submitted to the International Consultation on Insulation Board, Hardboard and Particle Board, Geneva, 1957. Vol. 2.
Future biorefinery programme report 2009-2011
Power tools for the home craftsman
The cotton industry in the industrial revolution
Atlas of the forest sector in Poland
Value proposition for joinery manufactures in the UK market
The Central Association of Finnish Woodworking Industries 1970.
Internationalization plan for Leon Chouinard & Sons
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
Timbers used in the musical instruments industry : a survey
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
The moisture equilibrium of softwoods above the fibre saturation point at the heartwood-sapwood boundary
Logging and Sawmilling Journal
Some aspects of the sampling distribution of the apportionment index and related inference
Principles of woodcutting machinists' work
