http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15608 Egyptian language
Egyptian language
The ancient Egyptian pyramid texts
Hieratic ostraca in the Hunterian Museum Glasgow : (The Colin Campbell Ostraca)
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 1, The Theban necropolis : Part. 2. Royal tombs and smaller cemetaries
Ramesside inscriptions : translated & annotated translations. Volume 2, Ramesses II, royal inscriptions
Fundamentals of Egyptian grammar. 1, Elements
Notes on middle Egyptian grammar.. Vol 1
Egyptian letters to the dead : mainly from the Old and Middle Kingdom
Ramesside inscriptions : translated & annotated notes and comments. Volume 5
Ancient Egyptian onomastica : plates
Ramesside inscriptions : translated & annotated notes and comments. Volume 2, Ramesses II, royal inscriptions
The Petese stories II : (P. Petese II)
Ramesside inscriptions : translated & annotated : translations. Volume 6, Ramesses IV-XI, & contemporaries
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 4
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 7
Hieroglyphic texts from Egyptian stelae etc.. Part 11
A companion to Demotic studies
Hieratic inscriptions from the tomb of Tut'ankhamūn
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 3, Chapters CLIII-CXC and appendices
The four Egyptian homographic roots B-3 : etymological and Egypto-Semitic studies
The language of Ancient Egypt has been the object of careful investigation since its decipherment in the nineteenth century, but this is the first accessible account which uses the insights of modern linguistics. Antonio Loprieno traces Ancient Egyptian's historical development from Old Egyptian to Coptic, and, combining diachronic and synchronic viewpoints wherever possible, he looks at the hieroglyphic system and its cursive varieties (Hieratic and Demotic), the phonology of Classical Egyptian and Coptic, the phonology and syntax of the literary languages, and semantic and pragmatic constraints on syntax. He also looks at the genetic connections of Egyptian within the Afroasiatic family, especially with Semitic languages such as Akkadian, Arabic, and Hebrew. This book will be essential reading for linguists and Egyptologists alike.
Village voices : proceedings of the Symposium "Texts from Deir El-Medîna and their Interpretation" Leiden, May 31 - June 1, 1991
Ancient Egyptian : a linguistic introduction
Isis in Babylonia?
Ramesside inscriptions : translated and annotated notes and comments. 1, Ramesses I, Sethos I and contemporaries
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 3
A dictionary of late Egyptian. Vol. 3
Victory and border : terminology related to Egyptian imperialism in the XVIIIth dynasty
Excavations at Malkata and the Birket Habu 1971-1974. [4], The inscriptions
A late Egyptian grammar
A Ptolemaic lexikon : a lexicographical study of the texts in the temple of Edfu
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : Part 1. Royal statues (predynastic to dynasty XVII)
Living in a city of the dead : a selection of topographical and administrative terms in the documents of the Theban necropolis
Egyptian language : easy lessons in Egyptian hieroglyphics with sign list
Caphtor/Keftiu : a new investigation
A hieroglyphic vocabulary to the Theban recension of The book of the dead : with an index to all the English equivalents of the Egyptian words
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 5
The tomb of Tjanefer at Thebes
Egyptian tenses
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 6
Conjunction, contiguity, contingency : on relationships between events in the Egyptian and Coptic verbal systems
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 1, Chapters I-LXIV
Rudiments of an Egyptian dictionary in the ancient enchorial character : containing all the words of which the sense has been ascertained
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 6, Upper Egypt: chief temples (excluding Thebes) : Abydos, Dendera, Esna, Edfu, Kôm Ombo, and Philae
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 2 (575-776)
The modal system of earlier Egyptian complement clauses : a study in pragmatics in a dead language
How to read Egyptian hieroglyphs : a step-by-step guide to teach yourself
The vocalization of the Egyptian syllabic orthography
The Egyptian temple : a lexicographical study
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 2
Egyptian readingbook : exercises and middle Egyptian texts
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 2, Theban temples
Papyrus Carlsberg Nr. VII : fragments of a hieroglyphic dictionary
Egyptian historical records of the later eighteenth dynasty. Fascicle 5
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : indices to parts 1 and 2. Statues
A dictionary of late Egyptian. Vol. 5, Index
English-Egyptian index of Faulkner's concise dictionary of middle Egyptian
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 8, Objects of provenance not known : Part 2. Private statues (dynasty XVIII to the Roman period). Statues of deitied
Ramesside inscriptions : translated & annotated notes and comments. Volume 3
A dictionary of late Egyptian
Ramesside inscriptions : notes and comments. Volume 7, addenda
Breathing flesh : conceptions of the body in the ancient Egyptian coffin texts
Etymological dictionary of Egyptian. Vol. 1, A phonological introduction
Egyptian grammar : being an introduction to the study of hieroglyphes
Egyptian readingbook. Vol. 1, Exercises and Middle Egyptian texts
Egypt and beyond : essays presented to Leonard H. Lesko upon his retirement from the Wilbour Chair of Egyptology at Brown University, June 2005
Catalogue of coordinates and satellites of the middle Egyptian verb
Inscriptions from the Coptite nome : dynasties VI-XI
Thus wrote 'Onchsheshonqy : an introductory grammar of Demotic
A concise dictionary of Middle Egyptian
Texts, languages & information tecnology in egyptology : selected papers from the meeting of the Computer Working Group of the International Association of Egyptologists (Informatique & Ègytologie), Liège, 6-8 July 2010
The secret of the cold coffin
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 1. Abû Rawâsh to Abûsîr
A dictionary of late Egyptian. Vol. 4
Hieratic texts from the collection
Egyptian grammar : being an introduction to the study of hieroglyphs
Collected papers
Egyptin hieroglyfien yhteyksiä Euroopan vanhoihin kieliin = The relation of Egyptian hieroglyphics to old European languages
The archive of Teos and Thabis from early ptolemaic Thebes : P. Brux. dem. inv. E. 8252-8256
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 1 (393-574)
Introduction to pharaonic Egyptian
A dictionary of Egyptian civilization
Middle Egyptian : an introduction
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 1, The Theban necropolis : Part. 1. Private tombs
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 8
Ostraka and name stones from the tomb of Sen-Mūt (no. 71) at Thebes
The Egyptian coffin texts. 7, Texts of spells 787-1185
Crossroad : chaos or the beginning of a new paradigm, papers from the Conference on Egyptian grammar, Helsingør 28-30 May 1986
Man and his double : in Egyptian ideology of the Old Kingdom
An outline of the late Egyptian verbal system
Late-Egyptian miscellanies
Topographical bibliography of ancient Egyptian hieroglyphic texts, reliefs, and paintings. 3, Memphis : Part 2. Saqqâra to Dashûr : Fascicle 3 (777-1014)
The chapters of Coming forth by day or the Theban recension of The book of the dead. Vol. 2, Chapters LXV-CLII
Late Ramesside letters and communications
Ramesside inscriptions : historical and biographical. 1
No abstract
