http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15654 court sessions
court sessions district court sessions
How a court case is constructed? A comparative study of changes in the court practices after a procedural court reform
Decisions by district courts in criminal cases
Modern accounts of how the classical Romans sued each other tend to show the opponents willingly working together under the guidance of a magistrate, until their case was ready for trial. The parties found a convenient time to make their first appearance, at which time they decided on the details of their case, selected a judge, and received permission to go to trial. If any delay were necessary, the magistrate helped the parties in their arrangements to return. This picture is unrealistic: it presumes a high degree of cooperation between the parties, the personal stewardship of a magistrate, and the ready availability of a judge. This accepted picture emerged over time from a tiny amount of evidence. Justinian had no interest in preserving evidence on classical procedure, and subsequent generations of jurists often did not regard rules of procedure as worthy of interest. Recent years, however, have brought a flood of new evidence on classical Roman legal procedure. Metzger examines this evidence, painting a picture of litigation that is far less polite and far less orderly. He examines how the rules of procedure coped with the typical pretrial delays that the Roman system, and indeed any legal system, faces.
“Everybody recognized that we were not white” : Sami identity politics in Finland, 1945-1990
Saami customary law : how and where to find pieces of its evidence
Decisions by district courts in civil cases
Land rights, linguistic rights and cultural autonomy for the Finnish Sámi people
An introduction to early English law
The Nordic Sami Parliaments
Constructing a case - analyzing the object of courtwork activity in transition
Courtwork in transition : transformation of legal practices and development of collaboration in a Finnish district court : a research plan
The language rights of the indigenous Saami in Finland : under domestic and international law
Sami have to create a system of self-government : change in the Constitution offers new foundations
Women leave, men remain : issues of gender, welfare and labour markets in the nordic periphery
An indigenous parliament? : realities and perspectives in Russia and the circumpolar north
Court work in transition : an activity-theoretical study of changing work practices in a Finnish district court
Civil and criminal cases in the seventeenth century judicial proceedings in Sweden
Social arena or theatre of power? : the courts, crime and the early modern state in Sweden
Through a glass darkly : Scandinavian Sami policy in foreign perspective
