http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1560 anthropology
anthropology
Phenomenology in anthropology : a sense of perspective
Papers on anthropology : 16
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
The Nyau masquerade : an examination of HIV/AIDS, power and influence in Malawi
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
The Goat Island Rockshelter : new light from old legacies
Anthropology today
"Lawyers and Savages explores the rise and fall of legal primitivism, and its connection to the colonial encounter. Nineteenth century legal anthropology - and with it the idea of "primitive law" - was born out of the universalization of the Western legal tradition, and its understanding of history as a civilizing process. And this book demonstrates how this scholarship had a clear impact in legitimating the colonial experience. Through examples such as blood feuds, communalism, ordeals, ritual formalism and polygamy, the book traces the intellectual revolution of legal anthropology. In doing so, however - and beyond the conventional story from Maine to Malinowski - it introduces an American story: as the book details how legal realism drew on anthropology in order to help counter the hypothetical constructs of legal formalism. Finally, this book shows how, despite the explicit rejection, the central themes of primitive law continue to influence current ideas - about indigenous legal systems, but also of the place and role of law in development"--
In the article the issue of sacrality is explored from the points of view of cultural anthropology and cognitive science of religion. Culture-specific contents of meaning bestowed on the notion of "sacred" are not approached as religious representations in which some theologically defined agent, metaphysical entity or otherworldly level of existence is believed to manifest itself to human beings. Instead, various attributions of sacrality are explored as representations of the general mental capacity of human beings to set apart places and sites in specific locations and points of terrain in local topography in order to mark ritual spaces and establish rules of conduct for their maintenance as well as for specific social valus and categorizations on which the inviolability of behavioral norms is based.
An analysis of the early cultural sequence in the Nepeña Valley, Peru
Travels and settlements of early man : a study of the origins of human progress
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains:potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Feminist Fields offers a rich and varied portrait of both the current work in feminist anthropology and future possibilities for dialogue between feminism and anthropology. Contributors to the book present critical analyses of a broad range of ethnographic topics: national feminism, gender and identity formation, cultural continuity, ethnographic authority, ethics and representation, empowerment and resistance. Here, young practitioners alongside more established scholars share their theoretical insights, bringing them to life through first-person narratives and stories. Throughout, there is a clear sense of the intellectual inspiration to be had from the practice of feminist anthropology and its emphasis on the power of thoughtful reflexivity in fieldwork and writing practices. Also recognized is an urgent need to bring forward the perspectives of those whose knowledge has been forgotten, ignored, or actively silenced.
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains : potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Hualcan: life in the highlands of Peru
Subalterns and sovereigns : an anthropological history of Bastar, 1854-1996
Always Coming Home
Papers on anthropology : 9.
Ancient law : its connection with the early history of society and its relation to modern ideas
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professional international development
A diagram of us : Latour and the modes of existence
What is existential anthropology?
Anthropology
Structure and function in primitive society : essays and addresses
Allegra lab : anthropology, law, art, world
Anthropological interest in new subjects of research and contemporary knowledge practices has turned ethnographic attention to a wide ranging variety of professional fields. Among these the encounter with international development has perhaps been longer and more intimate than any of the others. Anthropologists have drawn critical attention to the interfaces and social effects of development's discursive regimes but, oddly enough, have paid scant attention to knowledge producers themselves, despite anthropologists being among them, which is the focus of this volume. It concerns the construction and transmission of knowledge about global poverty and its reduction but is equally interested in the social life of development professionals, in the capacity of ideas to mediate relationships, in networks of experts and communities of aid workers, and in the dilemmas of maintaining professional identities. Going well beyond obsolete debates about 'pure' and 'applied' anthropology, the book examines the transformations that occur as social scientific concepts and practices cross and re-cross the boundary between anthropological and policy making knowledge.
Language, thought, and reality : selected writings of Benjamin Lee Whorf
Medical anthropology
DNA for archaeologists
Perspectives from anthropology
A companion to the anthropology of Europe
The Transformative power of cloth in Southeast Asia
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
The politics of agrarian transformation in Mexico
An archaeology of philosophical anthropology : a reconstruction of the historical philosophical background of ethnography and consequences for nursing science
Routledge companion to contemporary anthropology
Ethnographic methods
eFieldnotes : the makings of anthropology in the digital world
Native American landscapes of the St. Catherines Island, Georgia
Structural anthropology. Vol. 2
Papers on anthropology. 20
History and anthropology
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
International perspectives on pilgrimage studies : itineraries, gaps, and obstacles
Eating soup without a spoon : anthropological theory and method in the real world
Ethnography for designers
Human organization
Strong evaluation without sources : on Charles Taylor's philosophical anthropology and cultural moral realism
Fieldwork in educational settings : methods, pitfalls, and perspectives
A companion to psychological anthropology : modernity and psychocultural change
The anthropology of medicine : from culture to method
Local knowledge, global stage
"In the West at the turn of the twentieth century, public understanding of science and the world was shaped in part by expeditions to Asia, North America, and the Pacific. The Anthropology of Expeditions draws together contributions from anthropologists and historians of science to explore the role of these journeys in natural history and anthropology between approximately 1890 and 1930. By examining collected materials as well as museum and archive records, the contributors to this volume shed light on the complex social life and intimate work practices of the researchers involved in these expeditions. At the same time, the contributors also demonstrate the methodological challenges and rewards of studying these legacies and provide new insights for the history of collecting, history of anthropology, and histories of expeditions. Offering fascinating insights into the nature of expeditions and the human relationships that shaped them, The Anthropology of Expeditions sets a new standard for the field. "--
Urban anthropology : cities in their cultural settings
A philosophy of man
Dignity, rank, and rights
The never-ending feast : the anthropology and archaeology of feasting
"In recent decades, the dialogue between art and anthropology has been both intense and controversial. Art, Anthropology and the Gift provides a much-needed and comprehensive overview of this dialogue, whilst also exploring the reciprocal nature of the two subjects through practice, theory and politics. Fully engaging with anthropology and art theory, this book innovatively argues that art and anthropology don't just share methodologies, but also deeper intellectual, theoretical and even political concerns, inviting scholars and students alike to look at this contentious relationship in a more critical light. One of the central arguments of the book is that the problem of the 'gift' has been central to both anthropological and artistic practice. This very idea connects the different chapters on topics including aesthetics, politics, participation and fieldwork"--
Methodological developments in ethnography
"Stone tool analysis relies on a strong background in analytical and methodological techniques. However, lithic technological analysis has not been well integrated with a theoretically informed approach to understanding how humans procured, made, and used stone tools. Evolutionary theory has great potential to fill this gap. This collection of essays brings together several different evolutionary perspectives to demonstrate how lithic technological systems are a by-product of human behavior. The essays cover a range of topics, including human behavioral ecology, cultural transmission, phylogenetic analysis, risk management, macroevolution, dual inheritance theory, cladistics, central place foraging, costly signaling, selection, drift, and various applications of evolutionary ecology"--
Culture, suicide, and the human condition
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Strategies teaching anthropology
The Science of Man
Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects
Household economies and their transformations
Dynamics of ethnicity in Tanzania
The people in the trees
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Race and photography : racial photography as scientific evidence, 1876 - 1980
’The site strikes back’: multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
We are all cannibals and other essays
Anthropology & medicine
Applied anthropology : domains of application
Transnational families in the making : the Polish experience of living between Poland and Finland during and after the Cold War
Medical anthropology quarterly
Art, anthropology and the gift
Institutional ethnography as practice
American anthropologist
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
Reflecting on America : anthropological views of U.S. culture
Structural anthropology
Papers on anthropology : 12
An archaeology of architecture : photowriting the built environment
The pioneering linguist Benjamin Whorf (1897--1941) grasped the relationship between human language and human thinking: how language can shape our innermost thoughts. His basic thesis is that our perception of the world and our ways of thinking about it are deeply influenced by the structure of the languages we speak. The writings collected in this volume include important papers on the Maya, Hopi, and Shawnee languages, as well as more general reflections on language and meaning. Whorf's ideas about the relation of language and thought have always appealed to a wide audience, but their reception in expert circles has alternated between dismissal and applause. Recently the language sciences have headed in directions that give Whorf's thinking a renewed relevance. Hence this new edition of Whorf's classic work is especially timely. The second edition includes all the writings from the first edition as well as John Carroll's original introduction, a new foreword by Stephen Levinson of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics that puts Whorf's work in historical and contemporary context, and new indexes. In addition, this edition offers Whorf's "Yale Report," an important work from Whorf's mature oeuvre.
The living races of man
Papers on anthropology : 14
Body of power, spirit of resistance : the culture and history of a South African people
"In and out" : segmentary gang politics in Los Angeles
Social anthropology
When the first-world-north goes local : education and gender in post-revolution Laos
Dreams, phantasms and memories
Data : now bigger and better!
Annual review of anthropology
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
Death of a witch : a village in North India 1950-1981
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Comprehensive introduction to the anthropology of the arts, this is the first textbook to go beyond visual art to cover the arts more broadly. Drawing together media such as painting, sound, performance, video, and film, it presents a clear overview of the cross-cultural human experience of art.
Anthropology : race, language, culture, psychology, prehistory
Physical anthropology and archaeology
Papers on anthropology : 10.
The Piltdown papers 1908-1955 : the correspondence and other documents relaiting to the Piltdown forgery
Eco-translation : translation and ecology in the age of the anthropocene
"We are the originals" : a study of value in Fiji
Making faces : using forensic and archaeological evidence
The anti-witch
A groundbreaking, comprehensive anthology. Scholars have traced applied anthropology as far back as the classical age, when Greek rulers gathered data about neighbouring people in order to inform Greek foreign policy. Most anthropology ever since has had a practical focus: knowledge for the sake of knowledge is valuable; knowledge with practical applications is even more so. The authors focus on how the field of anthropology can best be utilised practically today. In making their arguments, they consider past, present, and future trends in applied anthropology, especially with regard to issues such as globalisation, ethnographic research, and governmental policies. This anthology focuses on how people can make their training in anthropology work for them in seemingly unrelated fields. Specific topics covered include: anthropology and development, the environment, agricultural anthropology, health and medicine, nutritional anthropology, displacement and resettlement, business and industry, anthropology applied to education, applied anthropology and the aged, and emerging trends in applied anthropology. Collects together contributions from key thinkers in the field. Looks at how anthropology can be applied practically to other disciplines.
Museums and memory
Dialectical anthropology
The island of the colour-blind and Cycad island
Modes of uncertainty : anthropological cases
The ways of men : an introduction to anthropology
Anthropological theory : an introductory history
Meaning in anthropology
Homo deus : a brief history of tomorrow
Museum of Anthropology of Xalapa
Nomadic peoples
Things in motion : object itineraries in anthropological practice
The incredible human journey
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Freeing theology : the essentials of theology in feminist perspective
Food and farm : current debates and policies
Mirror for man : the relation of anthropology to modern life
Feminist fields : ethnographic insights
Localizing strategies : regional traditions of ethnographic writing
'The site strikes back' : multi-level forest governance and participation in northern Finland
Lithic technological systems and evolutionary theory
Political anthropology
The Monguors of the Kansu-Tibetan border. Part II, Their religious life
Papers on anthropology : 15
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Journal of linguistic anthropology
A meeting of masks : status, power and hierarchy in Bangkok
Nordisk antropologisk bibliografi, 1926-1955 = Nordic anthropological bibliography, 1926-1955
General anthropology
Cultural anthropology
A Companion to the Anthropology of Europe offers a survey of contemporary Europeanist anthropology and European ethnology, and a guide to emerging trends in this geographical field of research. Providing a synthesis of the different traditions and contemporary approaches, the book is both thematic and fully cross-European in its approach.
A common humanity : thinking about love and truth and justice
A Franz Boas reader : the shaping of American anthropology 1883-1911
Ethics and the profession of anthropology : dialogue for ethically conscious practice
Understanding Neolithic Southern Levant : case studies of archaeological semiosis in action
Coming of age in Samoa : a psychological study of primitive youth for Western civilization
Satin Island : a novel
The many worlds of man
National geographic : e-lehti
Anthropology today : an encyclopedic inventory
The Mexican National Museum of Anthropology
Anthropology and the economy of sharing
Don't sleep, there are snakes : life and language in the Amazonian jungle
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
An annotated bibliography of the Tasmanian aborigines
A dictionary of anthropology
Papers on anthropology. 19
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology
Proceedings of the 8th Tartu International Anthropological Conference 12.-16. October
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Transatlantic parallaxes : toward reciprocal anthropology
Limits of knowledge society : anthropology and cultural studies. (2), Ethics, social and political philosophy : proceedings of the International Conference, Iași, 6-9 October 2010, Iași-Romania
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Challenges to elitism : subaltern studies and ethnographic experiments
Anthropology at the crossroads : the view from France
"In recent decades, the dialogue between art and anthropology has been both intense and controversial. Art, Anthropology and the Gift provides a much-needed and comprehensive overview of this dialogue, whilst also exploring the reciprocal nature of the two subjects through practice, theory and politics. Fully engaging with anthropology and art theory, Art, Anthropology and the Gift innovatively argues that art and anthropology don't just share methodologies, but also deeper intellectual, theoretical and even political concerns, inviting scholars and students alike to look at this contentious relationship in a more critical light. One of the central arguments of the book is that the problem of the 'gift' has been central to both anthropological and artistic practice. This very idea connects the different chapters on topics including aesthetics, politics, participation and fieldwork. Each chapter is organized around an introductory case study or example, from which the author draws his theoretical discussion. Accessibly written, this is key reading for scholars and students in both fields"--
The sacred hilltop : a hermeneutical case study on the Svayambhū site in Kathmandu
Edward Westermarck and Hilma Granqvist in the field of orientalist discourse in Finland
Hunter-gatherers in a changing world
A scientific theory of culture and other essays
Framing archaeology in the Near East : the application of social theory to fieldwork
Essays in the history of linguistic anthropology
The ways of the world
The invention of culture
The naked ape : a zoologist's study of the human animal
Organisational anthropology : doing ethnography in and among complex organisations
The island of the colorblind and Cycad Island
Anthropologists and anthropology : the British school 1922-1972
Dams and development in China : the moral economy of water and power
Limits of knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & economy
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Dialogic methodology and the dialogic space created after an interview
Research methods in the field : ten anthropological accounts
In and out of the west : reconstructing anthropology
Comments on "Opportunities for ethnology in Finnish migration research : two pilot projects"
ALWAYS COMING HOME is not the story of the Kesh. Rather it is the stories of the Kesh - stories, poems, songs, recipes - ALWAYS COMING HOME is no less than an anthropological account of a community that does not yet exist, a tour de force of imaginative fiction by one of modern literature's great voices. First published 1985.
"This work combines photography of both commercial and vernacular architecture around the world in a series of short essays examining what structures can reveal about their pasts and the present. The author's contribution as photographer/ethnographer provides a unique anthropological perspective to the observation that all buildings reflect a story that leads from construction through occupation to abandonment"--
Anthropological papers of the American Museum of Natural History
The night country
Yearbook of anthropology
Papers on anthropology. 17
University of Kansas publications in anthropology
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Bulletin of the National Museum of Nature and Science. Series D, Anthropology
La famiglia : the ideology of Sicilian family networks
The journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute. Special issue
During the Spanish Civil War, George Orwell was asked why he could not shoot an enemy soldier who was running holding up his trousers. Orwell replied 'I had come here to shoot at "Fascists"; but a man who is holding up his trousers isn't a "Fascist". A Common Humanity is a beautifully written, profound and arresting book about what predicaments such as Orwell's tell us about humanity. Drawing on a wealth of important examples including the Holocaust and attempts to deny it, the trial of Adolf Eichmann, the taking of children of mixed blood from Aboriginal parents in Australia, and the work of Primo Levi, Hannah Arendt and Simone Weil, Raimond Gaita sets out a provocative new picture of our common humanity. He urges us to recognize that whilst many of these examples call into question whether there is such a thing as a common humanity, it is not the idea of humanity that is at fault. It is the empty language of rights and obligations we use to explain what a human being is. It leaves no room for our ability to love other human beings and to share with them grief, hope, built, shame and remorse. It is our recognizing that others share these inescapably human features that gives us our common humanity. It is our common humanity that gives us rights and obligations, not our rights and obligations that give us our common humanity.
Anthropology and modern life
Anthropology of the arts : a reader
Going to the people : Jews and the ethnographic impulse
Papers on anthropology. 18
Yale University publications in anthropology
An introduction to tourism and anthropology
Collecting, ordering, governing : anthropology, museums, and liberal government
Pedagogical anthropology
Stranger and friend : the way of an anthropologist
"Human life is a never-ending feast. Throughout history, and in all parts of the world, feasts have been the primary arena for displays of hierarchy, status and power; a stage upon which loyalties and alliances are negotiated; the occasion for the mobilization and distribution of resources, and the place where identities are created and consolidated through inclusion and exclusion. Feasting in the West in the medieval and modern periods is now well known and central to the study of culture, food and society. But there has been no broad study like this that, while grounded in anthropology and archaeology, also draws upon history and literature for an interdisciplinary look at feasting in the past, outside Europe, without which our knowledge of feasting and understanding of how our global world has been constituted is incomplete. Until now, mainstream feasting studies and food histories have concentrated on European traditions, while others - equally important - have been disregarded and ignored. Focusing on key periods and aspects, looking at feasting in societies not usually dealt with outside highly specialized area studies, combining theory and description, this work examines the never-ending feast in sites that include Mesopotamia, Achaemenid Persia, China, the Mongol Empire and Japan"--
Papers on anthropology : 11.
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Women and men : an anthropologist's view
Visual anthropology
Dictionary of anthropology
Western Mexico
Space, body, and the notion of boundary : a category-theoretical approach to religion
The anthropologist as writer : genres and contexts in the twenty-first century
The human way : readings in anthropology
The relative native : essays on indigenous conceptual world
Indigenous youth in Brazilian Amazonia : changing lived worlds
Theory in anthropology : a sourcebook
Essentials of physical anthropology
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Framing cosmologies : the anthropology of worlds
Severed : a history of heads lost and heads found
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Journal of occupational science
Savage harvest : a tale of cannibals, colonialism, and Michael Rockefeller's tragic quest for primitive art
Retracing the steps of Michael C. Rockefeller, who went missing in 1961 during an expedition to New Guinea, an avid traveler immerses himself in the world of former headhunters and cannibals to uncover the truth behind Rockefeller's disappearance
The inbetweenness of things : materializing mediation and movement between worlds
Dimensions of leisure for life : individuals and society
Urbanity as national otherness
Applied anthropology : an introduction
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Lawyers and savages : ancient history and legal realism in the making of legal anthropology
The anthropology of expeditions : travel, visualities, afterlives
The chimera principle : an anthropology of memory and imagination
From the South Seas : studies of adolescence and sex in primitive societies
Papers on anthropology : 13
Man : his nature and place in the world
Anthropology and social theory : culture, power, and the acting subject
Anthropology : the basics
Jesus and the Gentiles
Man and the land : a cultural geography
Toward a science of man : essays in the history of anthropology
Historic fishing methods in American Samoa
"The contributors to Things in Motion, collectively, demonstrate the dynamic capacity of things in motion, from the point where things emerge from source material, to their circulation in the contemporary world, including their extended circulation through reproduction in other media. The various chapters show that examining the itineraries of things multiplies the assemblages things form and multiplies the sites at which we can recognize things in motion. None of the things discussed seem to ever have died. Their itineraries are continued by their movement in and out of museums and curation facilities, where many of them have come to rest temporarily, the circulation of their images, and their adaptation in sometimes unexpected contemporary material culture. Their itineraries also include the scholarship about them, to which this volume contributes, making it another site assembled by these active things"--Provided by publisher.
"This volume presents a series of studies by scholars working in Middle Eastern archaeology who actively apply social theory to interpret their fieldwork. It aims to highlight the value of using social theory in the interpretation of field work in a region where, traditionally, such approaches have not played a major role. There are a number of factors that account for why social theory is often under-exploited by archaeologists in this part of the world. In many countries, where large numbers of the foreign archaeologists are involved, a division between those doing fieldwork and those undertaking archaeological interpretation can easily arise. Or, the lack of interest in social theory may stem from a legacy of positivism that overrides other approaches. There is also the fact that archaeology and anthropology often belong to separate academic departments and are considered two separate disciplines disconnected from each other. In some cases the centrality of historical paradigms has precluded the use of social theory. There are also divisions between universities and other research institutions, such as departments of antiquities, which is not conductive to interdisciplinary cooperation. This factor is especially debilitating in contexts of rapid destruction of sites and the exponential growth of salvage excavations and emergency surveys. The papers integrate a wide range of perspectives including 'New' or 'Processual' archaeology, Marxist, 'Post-Processual', evolutionist, cognitive, symbolic, and Cyber- archaeologies and touch on many topics including 3D representation, GIS, mapping and social theory, semiotics and linguistics, gender and bioarchaeology, social and technical identities, and modern historical modellingy and social practices"--Provided by publisher.
Lucy : the beginnings of humankind
Nordisk antropologisk bibliografi 1926-1955 = Nordic anthropological bibliography 1926-1955
Fieldiana / Anthropology
Fredrik Barth : a bibliography
Anthropology at home
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Adam's navel : a natural and cultural history of the human form
Existence in the details : theory and methodology in existential anthropology
Anthropological research : the structure of inquiry
Medical anthropology newsletter
