http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15600 sign language users
sign language users
FinSL (L1) and Finnish (L2) influence on written English (L3)
Sign language media : an exploration of Flemish Deaf culture, media-exigencies and cross-medial perspectives
This third book in the series focuses in particular on Article 33 of the CRPD. National implementation and monitoring is analysed and good examples are presented from the different stakeholders involved in the process; from the view of the decision makers, to the independent monitoring organisations and civil society organisations (Disabled People’s Organisations, DPOs), both at European and national level. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals. Their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 33 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how they are involved in the process of assuring that the CRPD is implemented in the best way possible.
Audio-oral speech and visuo-manual sign language as used by the Deaf community are two very different realizations of the human linguistic communication system. Sign language is not only used by the hearing impaired but also by different groups of hearing individuals. To date, there is a great discrepancy in scientific knowledge about signed and spoken languages. Particularly little is known about the integration of the two systems, even though the vast majority of deaf and hearing signers also have a command of some form of speech. This neurolinguistic study aimed to achieve basic knowledge about semantic integration mechanisms across speech and sign language in hearing native and non-native signers.Basic principles of sign processing as reflected in electrocortical brain activation and behavioral decisions were examined in three groups of study participants: Hearing native signers (children of deaf adults, CODAs), hearing late learned signers (professional sign language interpreters), and hearing non-signing controls. Event-related brain potentials (ERPs) and behavioral response frequencies were recorded while the participants performed a semantic decision task for priming lexeme pairs. The lexeme pairs were presented either within speech (spoken prime-spoken target) or across speech and sign language (spoken prime-signed target). Target-related ERP responses were subjected to temporal principal component analyses (tPCA). The neurocognitive basis of semantic integration processes were assessed by analyzing different ERP components (N170, N400, late positive complex) in response to the antonymic and unrelated targets. Behavioral decision sensitivity to the target lexemes is discussed in relation to the measured brain activity.Behaviorally, all three groups of study participants performed above chance level when making semantic decisions about the primed targets. Different result patterns, however, hinted at three different processing strategies. As the target-locked electrophysiological data was analyzed by PCA, for the first time in the context of sign language processing, objectively allocated ERP components of interest could be explored. A little surprisingly, the overall study results from the sign-naïve control group showed that they performed in a more content-guided way than expected. This suggested that even non-experts in the field of sign language were equipped with basic skills to process the cross-linguistically primed signs. Behavioral and electrophysiological study results together further brought up qualitative differences in processing between the native and late learned signers, which raised the question: can a unitary model of sign processing do justice to different groups of sign language users?
A nexus analysis of English in the everyday life of FinSL signers : a multimodal view on interaction
Signs in the brain: hearing signers' cross-linguistic semantic integration strategies
UNCRPD Implementation in Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 33: National Implementation and Monitoring
Sign language in action
UNCRPD Implementation In Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 29: Participation in political and public life
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
Perspective shift reflected in the signer's use of space
Communicational and educational choices for minorities within minorities : the case of the Finland-Swedish deaf
Kieli oppimisessa = Language in learning
Be aware! : power and responsibility in the field of sign language interpreting : proceedings of the 20th efsli Conference Vienna Austria, 14th-16th september 2012
The power of language policy : the legal recognition of sign languages and the aspirations of deaf communities
Signs of acquiring bimodal bilingualism differently : a longitudinal case study of mediating a deaf and a hearing twin in a deaf family
Discourse in Signed Languages
Third language interpreting : Efsli 2008 conference proceedings, Voorschoten, the Netherlands, September 13th - September 14th 2008
Handbook of language & ethnic identity. Vol. 1, Disciplinary and regional perspectives
Aphasia in atypical populations
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
This second book in the series focuses in particular on article 27 of the Convention. Work and employment are explored from various angles, including the right to reasonable accommodation, as well as labour and trade union rights. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals; their backgrounds span from political and institutional stakeholders and representatives, to academic scholars, and NGO representatives. In particular, the authors explore how the rights enshrined in Article 27 are applicable to deaf and hard of hearing citizens, and how private companies and organisations are embodying diversity in the workplace.
The handbook of psycholinguistic and cognitive processes : perspectives in communication disorders
Language attitudes in the american deaf community
Designing a deaf culture specific web site : participatory design research for knack.fi
English in international deaf communication
UNCRPD Implementation In Europe - A Deaf Perspective : Article 27: Work and Employment
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
This first book in the series focuses in particular on article 29 of the Convention. Public and political participation are explored from various angles, allowing for a broader definition of the article, moving away from the narrow understanding that merely just takes into account the right to vote. The diverse chapters represent a range of disciplines and professionals; their backgrounds span from political stakeholders, to academic scholars, and NGO representatives. Further examination is also made as to how the rights enshrined in article 29 are applicable to deaf citizens, and how this has been ensured by State Parties and other political stakeholders.
Foundations of bilingual education and bilingualism
Introducing sign language literature : folklore and creativity
