http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15615 broiler meat
broiler meat
A bird in the hand : chicken recipes for every day and every mood
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. Poultry meat is an important vehicle for foodborne transmission of Campylobacter spp., particularly Campylobacter jejuni. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens as described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. It also includes a review and analysis of current scientific information and a description of the risk model.--Publisher's description.
Leuconostoc gasicomitatum is the dominating lactic acid bacterium in retail modified-atmosphere-packaged marinated broiler meat strips on sell-by-day
Microbiological ecology of marinated meat products
Salmonella and Campylobacter in chicken meat : meeting report
The effect of clinoptilolite on 137Cs binding in broiler chickens
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli in Finnish poultry production
Survival and reduction of strains of Campylobacter species in broiler meat
Commercial chicken meat and egg production
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
Lactic acid bacteria in marinades used for modified atmosphere packaged broiler chicken meat products
Streptococcus parauberis associated with modified atmosphere packaged broiler meat products and air samples from a poultry meat processing plant
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Storey's guide to raising chickens : [care, feeding, facilities]
Physiological and processing factors affecting broiler Musculus pectoralis shear values and tenderness
The use of competitive exclusion in broilers to reduce the level of Salmonella contamination on the farm and at the processing plant
Chicken is one of the most popular foods - comforting, casual, easy, even celebratory, it's always in the kitchen and on the table. Plundering the globe, there is no shortage of brilliant ways to cook it, whether you need a quick supper after work, something for a lazy summer BBQ or a feast to nourish family and friends. In 'A bird in the hand', Diana Henry offers a host of new, simple and not-so-very-well known dishes starring the bird we all love.
Employment available in exchange for debt : working conditions in the Thai broiler industry
Effects of dietary rapeseed meal and peas on the performance and meat quality of broilers
Prevalence and genetic characterization of Listeria monocytogenes in retail broiler meat in Estonia
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Good practices in planning and management of integrated commercial poultry production in South Asia
Comparative research of Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish poultry refiners' consumer package preferences
Properties of intramuscular connective tissue in pork and poultry with reference to weakening of structure
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : technical report
Enterococcus hermanniensis sp. nov., from modified-atmosphere-packaged broiler meat and canine tonsils
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens and Vibrio spp. in seafood : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, Bangkok, Thailand, 5-9 August 2002.
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
The wooden breast condition in broilers : proneness to lipid oxidation
Assessment protocol for poultry
Performance, meat quality and litter quality were determined in 4000 male and female Ross 308 broilers fed on starter diet (soybean meal or rapeseed meal and peas) and grower-finisher diets based on either soybean meal (control) or substituting rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal and pea in different proportions (100/0%, 75/25% or 50/50%) for soybean meal in iso-nitrogenous basis. Performance of the birds fed with soybean meal diets was superior compared to that of the birds fed with rapeseed meal and pea based diets. Bird performance was the poorest and mortality the highest for the birds fed with the rapeseed meal grower diet. In this experiment birds did not reach performance target for the age and strain of bird. Overall, diet based solely on rapeseed meal protein is not suitable for broiler production. However, dietary rapeseed meal inclusion clearly improved fatty acid profile of breast meat. The omega-6/omega-3-ratio was 4.1, 2.4 and 2.7 for soybean meal, rapeseed meal, and rapeseed meal and peas based diets, respectively. There were no differences in sensory quality evaluation of breast meat between the treatments..
Pilot studies in organic broiler production : management and cross-breeds
Genotype x environment interaction for growth-related traits in meat-type chickens
Role of broiler carcasses and processing plant air in contamination of modified-atmosphere-packaged broiler products with psychrotrophic lactic acid bacteria
Enterococcus species dominating in fresh modified-atmosphere-packaged, marinated broiler legs are overgrown by Carnobacterium and Lactobacillus species during storage at 6 °C
Broilerinlihan mureuttaminen : kirjallisuusosa ; Kolmen eri mureutusmenetelmän vertailu broilerin rintalihaksen (M. pectoralis superficialis) mureuttamisessa : kokeellinen osa = Tenderization of broiler meat : litterary part ; Comparison of three methods in tenderizing broiler breast meat (M. pectoralis superficialis) : experimental part
