http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15698 gender minorities
gender minorities
Diaspora : an introduction
When Cyd Zeigler started writing about LGBT sports issues in 1999, no one wanted to talk about them. Today, this is a central conversation in American society that reverberates throughout the sports world and beyond.  In Fair Play, Zeigler tells the story of how sports have transformed for LGBT athletes, diving into key moments and issues that have shaped sports for LGBT people today. He shares intimate behind-the-scenes details about various athletes and stories--including NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin, transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox, and NFL hopeful Michael Sam, among others--along with contextual insights about elite sports, including the overhyped "distraction" myth surrounding gay athletes.
Genre trouble and the body that mattered : negotiations of gender, sexuality and identity in a Scandinavian mailing list community for lesbian and bisexual women
Lezbejska i gej populacija u štampanim medijima u Srbiji = Lesbian and gay population in the print media in Serbia
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
The Routledge queer studies reader
Language and sexuality
They say it's a cultural matter : gender and ethnicity at preschool
Transgender migrations : the bodies, borders, and politics of transition
"A genre-bending memoir, a work of 'autotheory' offering fresh, fierce, and timely thinking about desire, identity, and the limitations and possibilities of love and language. At its center is a romance: the story of the author's relationship with the artist Harry Dodge. This story, which includes the author's account of falling in love with Dodge, who is fluidly gendered, as well as her journey to and through a pregnancy, is an intimate portrayal of the complexities and joys of (queer) family-making"--Dust jacket flap.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Trans voices : becoming who you are
Language and gender : case studies from a Swedish seminar
Women in management : current research issues volume 2
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality
The transgender teen : a handbook for parents and professionals supporting transgender and non-binary teens
Emotions between the self and the world
Sexuality and social justice in Africa : rethinking homophobia and forging resistance
Of sodomites, effeminates, hermaphrodytes, and androgynes : sodomy in the age of Peter Damian
Sport and cultural minorities : working papers
The argonauts
Black skin, white masks
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Ethnicity, gender and social change
Benign bigotry : the psychology of subtle prejudice
Transsexualism : illusion and reality
No more kin : exploring race, class and gender in family networks
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
The transgender child
The ambiguity of gendered religion
Outline results of a questionnaire targeted at gender minorities
Childhood gender related experiences of adult transgender persons
Queering Sápmi : indigenous stories beyond the norm
"Straight people don't tell, do they...?" : negotiating the boundaries of sexuality and gender at work
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Yearning : race, gender, and cultural politics
Gay life and culture : a world history
Reframing pluralism
The sexual revolution : toward a self-regulating character structure
Provocateur : images of women and minorities in advertising
Appendix 1 : collection and analysis of questionnaire data
Discrimination American style : institutional racism and sexism
Discrimination law : concepts, limitations and justifications
In this edition of Provocateur, sociologist Anthony Cortese offers an in-depth critical analysis of modern advertising perhaps the most powerful cultural and economic institution. Focusing on images of women and minorities, he unravels the ideologies of domination and control in contemporary commerce. The depiction of ethnic and gender relations in advertising subtly colors our understanding of status arrangements and social boundaries. Connecting these images to periods of social change also highlights, in a more nuanced way, the social norms and cultural ideologies of a particular age.
Sexology in culture : labelling bodies and desires
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Handbook of LGBT-affirmative couple and family therapy
The third sex : Kathoery : Thailand's ladyboys
Teens and LGBT issues
Sexual orientation and the law
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Handbook of cross-cultral human development
The fate of gender : nature, nurture, and the human future
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Sex changes : transformations in society and psychoanalysis
Marriage equality : why same-sex marriage is good for the church and the nation
Neither man nor woman : the Hijras of India
Ageing apparatuses at work : transdisciplinary negotiations of sex, age and materiality : enclosed articles
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
The Language and Sexuality Reader is the first of its kind to bring together material from the fields of anthropology, communication studies, linguistics, medicine and psychology in an examination of the role of sexuality in written and spoken language.
The first collection to emphasize the complex interaction between gender and postcoloniality. Most people in the world, from Africa to Asia and beyond, live in the aftermath of colonialism. Their day-to-day lives are defined by their past history as colonized peoples, often in ways that are subtle or hard to define. In Dangerous Liaisons, eminent contributors address the issues raised by the postcolonial condition, considering nationhood, history, gender, and identity from an inter-disciplinary perspective. Among the questions they address are: What are the boundaries of race and ethnicity in a diasporic world? How have women been so effectively excluded from national power? What have been the historical aftermaths of different forms of colonialism? What are the cultural and political consequences of colonial partitions of the nation-state? Representing an essential intervention, Dangerous Liaisons is a crucial guidebook for those concerned with understanding postcoloniality at the moment when it is becoming more and more widely discussed.
Transgender Migrations brings together a top-notch collection of emerging and established scholars to examine the way that the term "migration" can be used not only to look at the way trans bodies migrate from one gender to the (an?) other, but the way that trans people migrate in the larger geopolitical contexts of immigration reform, the war on terror, the war on drugs, and the increased policing of national borders. The book centers trans-ing experiences, identities, and politics, and treats these identities as inextricably intertwined with other social identities, institutions, and discourses of sexuality, nationality, race and ethnicity, globalization, colonialism, and terrorism. The chapter authors explore not only the movement of bodies in, through, and across spaces and borders, but also chart the metamorphoses of these bodies in relation to migration and mobility. Transgender Migrations takes the theory documented in The Transgender Studies Reader and blows it up to a global scale. It is the logical next step for scholarship in this dynamic, emerging field.
Persecution, protection and immutable identity : contextualising asylum claims based on sexual orientation in Canada and Finland
Sexual and gender diversity as a resource
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Modernity and identity : Asian illustrations
'Curing queers' : mental nurses and their patients, 1935-74
Fashion and cultural studies
The art of being normal
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
This lively and accessible textbook looks at how we talk about sex and why we talk about it the way we do. Drawing on a wide range of examples, from personal ads to phone sex, from sado-masochistic scenes to sexual assault trials, the book provides a clear introduction to the relationship between language and sexuality. Using a broad definition of 'sexuality', the book encompasses not only issues surrounding sexual orientation and identity but also questions about the discursive construction of sexuality and the verbal expression of erotic desire. Cameron and Kulick contextualize their findings within current research in linguistics, anthropology and psychology, and bring together relevant theoretical debates on sexuality, gender, identity, desire, meaning and power. Topical and entertaining, this much-needed textbook will be welcomed by students and researchers in sociolinguistics, linguistic anthropology and gender/sexuality studies, as well as anyone interested in the relationship between language and sex.
The language and sexuality reader
Sexuality
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Vested interests : cross-dressing and cultural anxiety
Becoming subjects : sexualities and secondary schooling
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
Hyvinvoiva sateenkaarinuori -tutkimushanke : tulosten tiivistelmä : resultaten i sammandrag : summary of results
Minority women entrepreneurs : how outsider status can lead to better business practices
Dangerous liaisons : gender, nation, and postcolonial perspectives
Finnish sex : the tables of all the questions of the 1992 survey and the comparable questions of the 1971 survey
Bisexuality : the psychology and politics of an invisible minority
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Cruising utopia : the then and there of queer futurity
Gender : an ethnomethodological approach
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Relationships that support transgender youth
Hyvinvoiva sateenkaarinuori -tutkimushanke : tulosten tiivistelmä = resultaten i sammandrag = summary of results
Lost and found : queerying the archive
Gender diversity in Indonesia : sexuality, Islam and queer selves
Gender and citizenship in a multicultural context
Fair play : how LGBT athletes are claiming their rightful place in sports
The persecution of people in Africa on the basis of their assumed or perceived homosexual orientation has received considerable coverage in the popular media in recent years. Gay-bashing by political and religious figures in Zimbabwe and Gambia; draconian new laws against lesbians and gays and their supporters in Malawi, Nigeria and Uganda; and the imprisonment and extortion of gay men in Senegal and Cameroon have all rightly sparked international condemnation. However, much of the analysis has been highly critical of African leadership and culture without considering local nuances, historical factors and external influences that are contributing to the problem. Such commentary also overlooks grounds for optimism in the struggle for sexual rights and justice in Africa, not just for sexual minorities but for the majority population as well.
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Queerly phrased : language, gender, and sexuality
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Divorcing marriage : unveiling the dangers in Canada's new social experiment
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Ethnicity and the dementias
Equality and diversity in social work practice
Gender matters - a manual on addressing gender-based violence affecting young people
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
A job that needs to be done : trade organisations and lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people
Rhetoric, politics and conceptual change
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
Abstract: Perspectives into the sexual health of young people.
"While overt prejudice is now much less prevalent than in decades past, subtle prejudice - prejudice that is inconspicuous, indirect, and often unconscious - continues to pervade. Laws do not protect against subtle prejudice and, because of its covert nature, it is difficult to observe and frequently goes undetected by both perpetrator and victim. Benign Bigotry uses a fresh, original format to examine subtle prejudice by addressing six commonly held cultural myths based on assumptions that appear harmless but actually foster discrimination: 'those people all look alike'; 'they must be guilty of something'; 'feminists are man-haters'; 'gays flaunt their sexuality'; 'I'm not a racist, I'm color-blind' and 'affirmative action is reverse racism'. Kristin J. Anderson skillfully relates each of these myths to real world events, emphasizes how errors in individual thinking can affect society at large, and suggests strategies for reducing prejudice in daily life"--Provided by publisher.
The trouble with normal : sex, politics, and the ethics of queer life
Bisexuality and same-sex marriage
