http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1568 numbers
numbers
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
The old merchant marine : a chronicle of American ships and sailors
Radical information literacy : reclaiming the political heart of the IL movement
Abstract.
The joy of pi
President vs. parliament : the elite struggle in the attempt to privatize Russia
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 10.
Rooster's off to see the world
The secret of Luo Shu : numerology in Chinese art and architecture
The art of fugue : Bach fugues for keyboard, 1715-1750
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 2.
Vasily Kandinsky
Eat your math homework : recipes for hungry minds
Mikhail Kalinin : (commemorating the centenary of his birth)
Longitudinal approach to publicly held and privately owned family businesses : a financial analysis
Natural numbers : Watt about them
From zero to infinity (and beyond) : cool maths stuff you need to know
Childcraft. 10, Mathemagic
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
Philosophical writings
Perfect Circle : the story of REM
The Ladybird book of rhymes
Finnish household consumption in monetary and physical terms : trends and clarifications
Walking on the moon : the untold story of the Police and the rise of new wave rock
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 6.
The effect of computer-assisted letter-sound correspondence training on learning to read in Zambia
Under the sea  : 1 - 2 - 3
My granny went to market : a round-the-world counting rhyme
Pathways to reading acquisition : effects of early skills, learning environment and familial risk for dyslexia
Young children continue to reinvent arithmetic - 2nd grade : implications of Piaget's theory
Estonia gravitates towards Sweden : nordic identity and activist regionalism in world war I
Counting
Power play
How much is a million?
Rogerson's book of numbers
The Pre-Raphaelites
Mental Illness By Numbers : The Mystery of Mental Illness Uncovered
Beyond measure : a guided tour through nature, myth, and number
Fun to learn time
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Professor Stewart's incredible numbers
The bluest eye
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
The mystery of numbers
Mathematical mysteries : the beauty and magic of numbers
Eyes to the future : sketches of Australia and her neighbours in the 1870s
Learning to read with Graphogame, an ethnography in a Peruvian rural school
The duchess war
The ciphers of the monks : a forgotten number-notation of the Middle Ages
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Alex's adventures in numberland
One two that's my shoe!
Numeracy and mathematics across the primary curriculum : building confidence and understanding
Classic Disney. Volume 1
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Reckless : My life as a Pretender
Rediscovery of the political history of Korea : a democratic view
Lenin and the bolsheviks : the intellectual and political history of the triumph of communism in Russia
From zero to infinity : what makes numbers interesting
The hidden sense : synesthesia in art and science / Cretien van Campen
First season ; Bride to be
FBI report on unidentified flying objects
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
Elementary number theory in nine chapters
Early Netherlandish paintings : rediscovery, reception and research
Collected poems
In 1932, the groundbreaking physicist Wolfgang Pauli met the famous psychoanalyst Carl Jung. Pauli was fascinated by the inner reaches of his own psyche and not afraid to dabble in the occult, while Jung looked to science for answers to the psychological questions that tormented him. Their rich friendship led them, in Jung's words, into "the no-man's land between physics and the psychology of the unconscious ... the most fascinating yet the darkest hunting ground of our times." Both were obsessed with the far-reaching significance of the number "137"--a primal number that seemed to hint at the origins of the universe itself. Their quest to solve its enigma led them on a lifelong journey into the ancient secrets of alchemy, the work of Johannes Kepler, and the Chinese Book of Changes (Yijing). This is the story of an extraordinary and fruitful collaboration between two of the greatest thinkers of the twentieth century.--From publisher description.
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 8.
The nightless North : a walk across Lapland
An introduction to number theory
Numbers and geometry
Londoners : the days and nights of London now - as told by those who love it, hate it, live it, left it, and long for it
Number words and number symbols : a cultural history of numbers
Asian islam in the 21st century
The king's magnates : prolegomena to the study of the highest officials of the Neo-Assyrian empire
A history of [pi]
On beyond a million
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 7.
12 modern philosophers
The collected poems of Emily Dickinson
Numbers and proofs
Empress of fashion : a life of Diana Vreeland
Alva Myrdal in international affairs : reports from the scholarly conference on "Alva Myrdal's questions to our time" held at Uppsala University, March 2002
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 5.
Twentieth-century chamber music
Can you count? :  jigsaw book
The disasters of war
1001 animals to spot
Painted enamels of limoges. XV & XVI centuries
How drama activates learning : contemporary research and practice
Behavioral inhibition as moderator of the relation between parenting and academic skill development in first grade -students
Orphan train : a novel
Sewero La-ma-u - a phonetic approach to literacy teaching in Zambia
Media literacy : new agendas in communication
Capote : a biography
Draw the lightning down : Benjamin Franklin and electrical technology in the age of Enlightenment
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
Cultural centrality and political change in Chinese history : northeast Henan in the fall of the Ming
The Golden Ratio : the story of Phi, the world's most astonishing number
One ted falls out of bed
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 9.
Is there room on the bus? : A round-the world counting story
Focus on reading activities : teachers' perspectives
No future without forgiveness
A study on electronic book marketing in Finland
An introduction to the theory of numbers
On the Minkowski constant in the theory of binary quadratic forms
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Teachers' conceptions of literacies during and after a school library development project
Richard Scarry's from 1 to 10
Richard Scarry's first little learners treasury
Really big numbers
An index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia
The condition of democracy in Russia, the party system and the State Duma
Spontaneous focusing on quantitative relations and the development of rational number conceptual knowledge
Hutchinson everyday numbers
Elementary number theory
The countess conspiracy
Number freaking : the surreal sums behind everyday life
Powers of ten[sup TM] interactive
Does the literate game help 3rd and 4th grade Zambian children learn how to read
Orientalist aesthetics : art, colonialism, and French North Africa, 1880-1930
Elementary theory of numbers
How many monsters? : a monster counting book
Early Christian art : [the late Roman and Byzantine empires from the third to the seventh centuries] / text and notes by W. F. Volbach ; photographs by Max Hirmer
Generalized Bernoulli numbers, generalized irregular primes, and class number
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Number freak : from 1 to 200 : the hidden language of numbers revealed
Complex numbers
The growth of Finnish software companies in 2008-2011 : empirical investigation of financial ratios as the determinants of growth
The emergence of Meiji Japan
Literary Darwinism : evolution, human nature, and literature
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
Michael Jackson : the visual documentary
The decline and fall of the Roman empire
Early Neo-Assyrian state ideology : relations of power in the inscriptions and iconography of Ashurnasirpal II (883-859) and Shalmaneser III (858-824)
Henry VIII : king and court
Media education : literacy, learning and contemporary culture
Celestial revolutionary : Copernicus, the man and his universe
How Drama Activates Learning: Contemporary Research and Practice draws together leaders in drama and education from across the globe, including authors from Europe, North America and Australasia to explore the transformations that can be achieved across a diverse range of learning areas when the processes of drama education are applied, enlivening and enriching a range of learning contexts. The range of areas explored includes: History Literacy and literature Creativity and imagination Science Citizenship, democracy and social justice education language learning Human relationships Conflict management Drawing on a range of theoretical perspectives, the contributors present detailed case study material that outlines these processes in action, before the volume editors synthesize the key findings generated.
Numbers : the universal language
Keeping foreign students interested in HAMK after the introduction of new tuition fees.
The Penguin dictionary of curious and interesting numbers
Usborne first picture 1-2-3 : one, two three
Best counting book ever
Glass of the '20s & '30s : a collector's guide
The king's magnates : a study of the highest officials of the neo-Assyrian empire
Suomi - Finland : holidays in Finland
Listening to the future : the time of progressive rock, 1968-1978
Narratives about immigrant children learning to read in the Finnish language
The story of a new name
Numbers rule your world : the hidden Influence of probabilities and statistics on everything you do
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
Mathematical misconceptions : a guide for primary teachers
The nothing that is : a natural history of zero
Investigating language acquisition in Zambia : mapping vowel confusion of a, e and i between English and ciNyanja
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
Snug as a bug
Usability of eBooks in JAMK library collection
Learn to count
Please please me : sixties British pop, inside out
The heiress effect
Learning to read : the effect of orthography
Narural (-ly) housewives : an oral history of growing up in Norway in the 1950s and 1960s
Children's reading choices
Usborne first picture maths
Deciphering the cosmic number : the strange friendship of Wolfgang Pauli and Carl Jung
This paper reviews the theoretical methodology on economic indicators, and constructs an aggregate index of coincident economic indicators for Estonia.The index tracks economic activity fairly well for the sample period.The evolution of the index in the first eight months of this year suggests that the pace of economic expansion in Estonia is slowing down significantly: from a growth rate of 10.5 percent in the first eight months of 1997, to 6.0 percent in the same period of 1998. .
Losing the plot : architecture and narrativity in fin-de siècle media cultures
All the things you are : the life of Tony Bennett
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 4.
First 100 numbers
Why Karelian "fever"?
Count worm
Alex through the looking-glass : how numbers reflect life and life reflects numbers
MOOC for Nordic education for teachers in the field of basic skills for adults : a feasibility studie
A guide to teaching information literacy : 101 practical tips
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
From one to seven : numerical symbolism in Khanty culture
Those who leave and those who stay
The butchers of berlin
"The fall and restoration of Elin Tönnesdotter" : land, noble property strategies and the law in early seventeenth-century Sweden
The numbers game : the commonsense guide to understanding numbers in the news, in politics, and in life
Maisy's first 123 : a Maisy concept book
Primality testing for beginners
Overcoming the old borders : beyond the paradigm of Slovak national history
Delaware 350 : 350 vuotta suomalaista kaukosiirtolaisuutta = 350 years of Finnish long-distance migration
Giant steps : bebop and the creators of modern jazz 1945-65
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Gibbon's masterpiece, which narrates the history of the Roman Empire from the second century a.d. to its collapse in the west in the fifth century and in the east in the fifteenth century, is widely considered the greatest work of history ever written. This abridgment retains the full scope of the original, but in a compass equivalent to a long novel. Casual readers now have access to the full sweep of Gibbon's narrative, while instructors and students have a volume that can be read in a single term.
The Manhattan Transfer anthology : down in Birdland
Honor in foreign policy : a history and discussion
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 1.
Greatest Hits of the 50's and 60's. 3.
Baby's very first 1, 2, 3 book
