http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15693 children's films
children's films
Nanny McPhee : original motion picture soundtrack
Disney's greatest hits
The music of Disney : a legacy in song
Peter Pan - return to Neverland : original soundtrack
Barbie sings! : the princess movie song collection
The Disney films
The Disney collection : favourite songs from Disney. Volume 2.
Performing Northern places and identities in children's still-picture animation films
The little mermaid : music from the original motion picture soundtrack
Hercules : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
The Aristocats : original motion picture soundtrack
Horse crazy
The wimpy kid movie diary : how Greg Heffley went Hollywood
Zootropolis : the essential guide
The jungle book : original motion picture soundtrack from the animated classic
Grimms' tales around the globe : the dynamics of their international reception
Disney at sea
Tom Sawyer
Pinocchio : original soundtrack
Selections from Charlie and the chocolate factory
Urhea
Nanny McPhee & the big bang
102 Dalmatians : music from and inspired by the film
Lady and the Tramp
Cinderella : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
Snow White and the seven dwarfs
The music of Disney : a legacy in song. 3
Subjectivity in Asian children's literature and film : global theories and implications
Disney's hero collection
Mary Poppins : original soundtrack
The magic of Disney
The magical world of Harry Potter
The Looney Tunes songbook : piano, vocal, guitar
The Lion King [Äänite] : original motion picture soundtrack
Charlie and Lola's favourite and best music record
Christmas & Disney songs
The Aristocats : original soundtrack
Peter pan - return to neverland : Original soundtrack
101 Dalmatians : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
Mulan : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
Disney Pixar greatest
The Disney songwriters collection : Walt Disney's "supercalifragilistic" songwriting team
The Disney collection : favourite songs from Disney. Volume 1.
The Pagemaster : original motion picture soundtrack
Bambi II : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack : a collection of new and classic Bambi music
A bug's life : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
The disney collection 2.
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Gold and glory : The road to El Dorado : Piano, vocal, guitar
Leroy & Stitch
The hunchback of Notre Dame : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
The lion king : Original soundtrack
The princess and the frog
"This volume establishes a dialogue between East and West in children's literature scholarship. In all cultures, children's literature shows a concern to depict identity and individual development, so that character and theme pivot on questions of agency and the circumstances that frame an individual's decisions and capacities to make choices and act upon them. Such issues of selfhood fall under the heading subjectivity. Attention to the representation of subjectivity in literature enables us to consider how values are formed and changed, how emotions are cultivated, and how maturation is experienced. Because subjectivities emerge in social contexts, they vary from place to place. This book brings together essays by scholars from several Asian countries--Japan, India, Pakistan, Korea, Vietnam, Taiwan, Australia, Thailand, and The Philippines--which address subjectivities in fiction and film within frameworks which include social change, multiculturalism, post-colonialism, globalization, and glocalization. Few scholars of western children's literature have a ready understanding of what subjectivity entails in children's literature and film from Asian countries, especially where Buddhist or Confucian thought remains influential. This volume will impact scholarship and pedagogy both within the countries represented and in countries with established traditions in teaching and research, offering a major contribution to the flow of ideas between different academic and educational cultures."
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang : original motion picture soundtrack
101 Dalmatians and friends
Herra Peabody & Sherman
The music of Disney : a legacy in song. 1
The Disney collection : favourite songs from Disney. Volume 3.
Mulan : original soundtrack
The Disney collection : favourite songs from Disney. 1.
Pooh's grand adventure : Music from and inspired by the movie : Easy piano
Aladdin : original motion picture soundtrack
The Muppets
The little mermaid : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
Frozen ; the enchanted guide
When you wish upon a star : Barbara Hendricks sings Disney
The music of Disney : a legacy in song. Collector's book
The music of Disney : a legacy in song. 2
Bratz super babyz
The jungle book
Disney's Princess collection : complete
Beauty and the Beast : original motion picture soundtrack
The Kids' music collection : easy piano
Bambi : an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack
