http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1571 siblings
siblings
The lovely bones : a novel
Heart of valour
Franklin and Harriet
Hansel and Gretel
You're amazing, Anna Hibiscus!
The debutante
Selected Brontë poems
Sibling relationships : their causes and consequences
Little women
A Bloodsmoor romance
The red house
An evening of long goodbyes
The virgin suicides
American rust
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
The island
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
Faster Transition to the Second Child in late 20th Century Finland: A Study of Birth Intervals
The broken king
A gift for my sister
Brothers and sisters
Angels in training
Sisters' fate
The tears of dark water
Witch & wizard : The fire
A gentleman's honor : a Bastion Club novel
The making of us
Judy Moody & Stink : The wishbone wish
The murder of an angel
The kiss
Just because
The summer we fell apart : a novel
First frost
The wishbone wish
The Brontë cabinet : three lives in nine objects /cDeborah Lutz
Eternity
The devouring
Howtoons : [re]ignition.1
The Kelly sisters
Watch out, William!
The Brontës : a collection of critical essays
The bog baby
Serendipity
Kingsholt
The hotel on Mulberry Bay
A year at the star and sixpence
After her : a novel
Esther's inheritance
The magic wand
There's going to be a baby
Too close for comfort
Three sisters
Frozen annual 2016
Birth intervals are known to influence child and parental health and wellbeing, yet studies on the recent development of birth intervals in contemporary developed societies are scarce. We used individual-level representative register data from Finland (N=26,120; 54% women) to study the first interbirth interval of singleton births in cohorts born in 1955, 1960, 1965, 1970, and 1975. In women, the average interbirth interval has shortened by 7.8 months and in men by 6.2 months between the cohorts of 1955 and 1975. A higher age at first birth was associated with shorter birth intervals (in women, b = -1.68, p<.001; in men, b = -1.77, p<.001 months per year). Educational level moderated the effect of age at first on the first birth interval in both sexes. Due to rising ages at first birth in developed societies and the manifold ramifications of shorter birth intervals, this topic deserves more scholarly attention and studies from other countries.
Swallows and Amazons
Born in Ice
The Wild Swans : also includes The Nightingale
.hack//Another birth. vol. 2 : Mutation
Lucy & tom at the seaside
Crimes of the heart
Fury
.hack//Another birth. vol. 4 : Quarantine
All my puny sorrows
Legends and liars
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
How to build a girl
Heading home
The summer's end
.hack//Another birth. vol. 3 : Outbreak
The silent sister : a novel
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Wilma's wicked revenge
A torch against the night
Lily and the prisoner of magic
City of heavenly fire
Star cursed
All about Mia
The star side of Bird Hill : a novel
The Christmas Eve ghost
Swords and scoundrels
The sisters
The silent sister
Cate Cahill goes into an asylum in order to meet her godmother and another oracle as she continues to try to learn about the prophecy and protect her sisters from the oppressive Brotherhood in an alternate New England of 1900.
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
The summer wind
The upside-down reader
The lost soul
Works of Louisa May Alcott
Slightly scandalous
The outside lands
The letters of the Brontës : a selection
Envy
Alphonse, that is not ok to do!
Big brother
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Back to back
The Brontë story : a reconsideration of mrs. Gaskell's life of Charlotte Brontë
How to drive your sister crazy
The jewels of Manhattan
The lost
The easter parade
The witness
If I should die
Losing Charlotte
The Brontës and their background : romance and reality
The king's shadow
The secret railway and the crystal caves
These things hidden
More people to love me
You and me
My brother Bernadette
The wedding planner
The wide window
Marge in charge
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
.hack//Another birth. vol. 1 : Infection
A brilliant look into the mind of a teenager stuck in the middle. One family, three sisters. GRACE, the oldest: straight-A student. AUDREY, the youngest: future Olympic swimming champion. And MIA, the mess in the middle. Mia is wild and daring, great with hair and selfies, and the undisputed leader of her friends – not attributes appreciated by her parents or teachers. When Grace makes a shock announcement, Mia hopes that her now-not-so-perfect sister will get into the trouble she deserves. But instead, it is Mia whose life spirals out of control – boozing, boys and bad behaviour – and she starts to realise that her attempts to make it All About Mia might put at risk the very things she loves the most.
Die once more : a die for me novella
The rose garden
Slightly dangerous
The Girls at the Kingfisher Club : a novel
The summer girls
Take six girls : the lives of the Mittford sisters
Warlords and wastrels
Always Emily
Effects of family configuration on cognitive functions and health across the adult life span
Twin trouble
Born in ice
Too close
Mary Wrightly, so politely
When Simon's little sister is snatched away to a dark other world, he is sent by a golden messenger on a quest to get her back. With him is Flora, whose brother has also vanished, and a strange boy who rescues them from a violent attack, but to enter the land of the Broken King, they must first complete three tasks. The Darkening Path trilogy is a thrilling fantasy adventure that takes its cue from Browning’s poem ‘Childe Roland to the Dark Tower came.’
The king's revenge
The wooden dragon
"After her stormy marriage ends, Danny Cleary jumps down the rabbit hole into a world of crack cocaine - delivered to her door by a polite but slightly deranged dealer. But when Danny's twin sister Ginger is murdered, Danny and her rock musician brother fly to California to find their nephews - and the people who killed their sister. Fighting her addiction, nosy cops and crazy drug dealers, she kicks ass and takes names, embracing her inner vigilante in a quest to avenge her sister and save her family. Cracked is a darkly comic roller-coaster ride to redemption as Danny struggles with bad guys and her own demons to find out who killed her twin"--Publisher's description.
Never follow a dinosaur
Operation Red Jericho
Tilly and the trouble in the night
The sky is everywhere
Die for me
Sisters under the skin
We're having a super baby
Bella's new baby
Their proper sphere : a study of the Bronte sisters as Early-Victorian novelists
The Brontë sisters
Confessions of an imaginary friend : a memoir by Jacques Papier
"In the final book in the Cahill Witch Chronicles, the Sisters' and the Brotherhood near all-out war as an epidemic breaks out in New London, and the prophecy that one sister will murder another comes ever closer to fruition"--
And the mountains echoed
Beyond a Misty Shore
An ember in the ashes : a novel
The nonsuch king
Cracked : a Danny Cleary novel
Sibling relationships across the life span
1962, Anchor Bend, Oregon. The sea calls to Eleanor. Like the turn of the waves it beckons her from the heart of the town she's always known, from her husband Hob and their young daughter, Agnes, to the unfathomable depths of the ocean. 1985 Agnes's daughter Eleanor is six years old. She shares her name with the grandmother she never knew and everything else with her identical twin, Esmerelda. But to Agnes, only Eleanor is a constant reminder of the past. 1993 After a dark event leaves her family in tatters, Eleanor, now fourteen, is left caring for her alcoholic mother, whose grief has torn her apart. But when Eleanor's reality begins to unravel, she starts to lose her grip on time itself, slipping from the present into strange other lands where she's in danger of losing herself altogether. Eleanor is the story of choices that ripple through time far beyond the moment they're made. And what happens when, just sometimes, bonds are so powerful they reach beyond this world and into another.
The dead & the gone
The lowland
Candidate gene study on nicotine dependence in Finnish sibpairs
The duke is mine
Midnight fear
The homecoming of Samuel Lake
Iggy & me and the new baby
The ragwitch
A far country
