http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15703 psychology of action
psychology of action
NLP for rookies
Triggers : sparking positive change and making it last
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
With approximately 1 in 6 adults likely to experience a significant mental health problem at any one time (Office for National Statistics), research into effective interventions has never been more important. During the past decade there has been an increasing interest in the role that sport and physical activity can play in the treatment of mental health problems, and in mental health promotion. The benefits resulting from physiological changes during exercise are well documented, including improvement in mood and control of anxiety and depression. Research also suggests that socio-cultural and psychological changes arising from engagement in sport and physical activity carry valuable mental health benefits. Sport and Physical Activity for Mental Health is an evidence-based practical guide for nurses, allied health professionals, social workers, physical activity leaders, and sport coaches. The authors provide comprehensive analysis of a broad range of client narratives, integrating theory and the latest research to explore the effectiveness of various interventions. The book offers readers detailed recommendations, suggestions, and ideas as to how sport and physical activity opportunities can be tailored to provide the greatest mental health benefits.
Psychology of physical activity : determinants, well-being and interventions
The well-played game : a playful path to wholeness
Goal contents, well-being and life context during transition to university : a longitudinal study
Interpreting children's drawings
Motivation, planning and action : a relational theory of behavior dynamics
Planning-oriented, avoidant and impulsive social reaction styles : a person-oriented approach
Explanations, accounts and illusions : a critical analysis
This thesis is made as a case study for an Oulu based indoor activity park. The case company also organizes work welfare activity services for business customers. The objective of this thesis is to determine what kind of work well-being activities companies in Oulu region organizes. Another objective is to find out what are the key issues the case company needs to pay attention to in order to be able to provide attractive services for companies. It was also wanted to examine companies’ expectations towards the benefits that can be achieved by organizing work welfare activity days. Work welfare is the competitive tool which creates financial performance. Work well-being must be considered from the perspective of profitability of the business so that its effects can be utilized in the best possible way. In this thesis the work welfare’s impacts on competitiveness were examined through three main players: productivity and cost-efficiency, quality of work and customer satisfaction, and intangible assets. .Another part of the theory consist of the factors affecting work well-being from the individual and organizational point of view. There has been used Rauramo’s five steps of work well-being- model examines the basic needs with respect of work. The research method used in this thesis is quantitative semi-structured research. It was conducted as a questionnaire which was sent to the respondents via e-mail. Smaller companies had bigger budgets and they organize more often work welfare activity days which last one day. The companies were interested in organizing work welfare activity days in the future as well as having new experiences. Comfortable environment was found out to be the most important factor when choosing a place where to organize work welfare days. The importance of evening program and wide range of options emerged. Companies believed that work welfare has an impact on the company’s success. Relaxation, elevating team spirit and work motivation were found to be the key objectives. The company should focus on smaller companies since they have bigger budgets. Investing in websites is important since companies find information online. The work well-being activity days should have a variety of options to choose from since it occurred many times in the study. The opportunity for evening program was found to be important. The activities uplifting team spirit are worth investing in since it occurred many times in the study.
The act of musical composition: studies in the creative process presents the first coherent exploration around this unique aspect of human creative activity. The central threads, or key themes - compositional process, creative thinking and problem-solving - are integrated by the combination of theoretical understandings of creativity with innovative empirical work.
The introvert entrepreneur : amplify your strengths and create success on your own terms in ten steps
Changing belief systems with NLP
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Agency : its role in mental development
Hardwiring happiness : the new brain science of contentment, calm, and confidence
Musical creativities in practice
How to win friends and influence people
Pencil dancing : new ways to free your creative spirit
The concept of activity in Soviet psychology
Learning by expanding : an activity-theoretical approach to developmental research
Learning, working and imagining : twelve studies in activity theory
King of the mountain : the nature of political leadership
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
Activity theory and social practice : cultural-historical approaches
Cognition and communication at work
Powers of two : finding the essence of innovation in creative pairs
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in psychology of education
Occupational therapy in mental health
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Motives and mechanisms : an introduction to the psychology of action
Learning, working and imagining : twelwe studies in activity theory
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Self-handicapping and a failure-trap strategy : a cognitive approach to problem behaviour and delinquency
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
Ideas and realities of emotion
Children and adolescents with disruptive behavior and psychopathic-like features
Action, intention, and reason
The philosophy of action : an introduction
Essays on financial economics : animal spirits in financial markets
How we learn : the surprising truth about when, where, and why it happens
"First published in 1987, Learning by Expanding challenges traditional theories that consider learning a process of acquisition and reorganization of cognitive structures within the closed boundaries of specific tasks or problems. Yrjö Engeström argues that this type of learning increasingly fails to meet the challenges of complex social change and fails to create novel artifacts and ways of life. In response, he presents an innovative theory of expansive learning activity, offering a foundation for understanding and designing learning as a transformation of human activities and organizations. The second edition of this seminal text features a substantive new introduction that illustrates the development and implementation of Engeström's theory since its inception"--
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
User involvement and entrepreneurial action
Work welfare activities' attractiveness from business customers' point of view : case study
Organisation of goal-directed behaviour : development of experimental methods and analysis of chronic and acute effects of alcohol on correlations between brain potentials
Executive coach and psychologist Marshall Goldsmith discusses the emotional triggers that set off a reaction or a behavior in us that often works to our detriment. Do you find that at times you suddenly become defensive or enraged by an idle comment from a colleague? Or that your temper rises when another car cuts you off in traffic? Your reactions don't occur in a vacuum. They are the result of emotional and psychological triggers that often happen only in specific settings -- at meetings, or in competitive situations, or with a specific person who rubs you the wrong way, or when you feel under particular pressure. Being able to recognize those triggers and understand how the environment affects our behavior is key to controlling our responses and managing others at work and in life. Make no mistake -- change is hard. And the starting point is the willingness to accept help, and the desire to change. Over the course of this book, Marshall explores the power of active questions to get us to take responsibility for our actions -- and our failure to act. Questions such as "Did I do my best to make progress toward my goal?" "Did I work hard at being fully engaged?" He discusses the importance of structure in effecting permanent change. Because, he points out, change is hard, and without a structure to keep us on track, we inevitably relapse and fall back. Filled with stories from Marshall's work with executives and leaders, Triggers shows readers how to achieve meaningful and sustained change that will allow us to open our imaginations and escape the rigidity of binary thinking.
Act and the actor : making the self
The psychology of action : linking cognition and motivation to behavior
The tacit demand : a study in trust
Presence : exploring profound change in people, organizations, and society
Creative information processing : [cognitive models]
Investment madness : how psychology affects your investing ... and what to do about it
Human activity : contributions to the anthropological sciences from a perspective of activity theory
Agency in the making : the experiment of the "meaningless situation" and the principle of double stimulation
Context and consciousness : activity theory and human-computer interaction
Social strategies and loneliness
The analysis of action : recent theoretical and empirical advances
Motivation and action
Family business dynamics
Personality, motivation, and action : selected papers
Personal project appraisals, academic achievement and related satisfaction : a prospective study
Reason in action : essays in the philosophy of social science
The ultimate introduction to NLP : how to build a successful life
Neurocognitive functioning and social competence in preschool children with epilepsy
Interobjectivity, ideality, and dialectics
Research in the Department of Psychology, University of Tampere 1991.
Effortless attention : a new perspective in the cognitive science of attention and action
Discursive psychology
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Sport and physical activity for mental health
Human action and its explanation : a study on the philosophical foundations of psychology
Cognitive and attributional strategies among unemployed young adults : a case of the failure-trap strategy
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Attention and performance. 13, Motor representation and control : [proceedings of the thirteenth international symposium on attention and performance, Arc-et-Senans, France, June 27-July 2, 1988]
Personal growth through adventure
Voices within Vygotsky's non-classical psychology : past, present, future
Genius : the natural history of creativity
Goal directed behavior : the concept of action in psychology
Flow : the psychology of happiness
NLP workbook : a practical guidebook to achieving the results you want
Developmental cognitive neuropsychology
Social strategies and loneliness : a prospective study
The study of musical composition has been marked by a didactic, technique-based approach, focusing on the understanding of musical language and grammar - harmony, counterpoint, orchestration and arrangement - or on generic and stylistic categories. In the field of the psychology of music, the study of musical composition, even in the twenty-first century, remains a poor cousin to the literature which relates to musical perception, music performance, musical preferences, musical memory and so on. Our understanding of the compositional process has, in the main, been informed by anecdotal after-the-event accounts or post hoc analyses of composition.
Positive and negative self-related goals and subjective well-being : a prospective study
Discourse processing
Understanding NLP : strategies for better workplace communication ... without the jargon
Understanding NLP: strategies for better workplace communication - without the jargon
The rules of disorder
Acting-in : practical applications of psychodramatic methods
