http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1570 sisters
sisters
Migratory animals
The friendly young ladies
The Penderwicks : a summer tale of four sisters, two rabbits, and a very interesting boy
In time for Christmas
Perfect lies
What ever happened to Baby Jane?
Born wicked
By a thread
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
Petals in the ashes
Wildwood dancing
Four nights with the duke
McLeod's daughters. The complete season 8, Episode 203-224
Land of shadows
Vanishing girls
Trout Stanley : a play
Cassandra at the wedding
How to drive your sister crazy
Sense and sensibility
The one we fell in love with
"In this third book of the Sundering series kicked off by R.A. Salvatore and the dark elf Drizzt, SCRIBE award-winning author Erin M. Evans thrusts her signature character Farideh into a maelstrom of devilish politics and magical intrigue that will have far-reaching implications for the future of the Forgotten Realms.  As the chaos of the Sundering rages around her, young warlock Farideh faces a more personal turmoil wrought by a deal she made with a devil years ago. Hoping to protect her twin sister, she leaves everything she holds dear to assist a wizard in a scheme that pits the devils of the Nine Hells against the gods above.  But when Farideh casts the spell to enter the wizard's remote mountaintop fortress, she picks up a stowaway--a Harper agent named Dahl who isn't so inclined to follow devilish demands. Dahl attempts to escape only to run into a village of odd people, lurking behind an impenetrable wall.  Forced to gaze into the villagers' souls, Farideh points out the ones who seem different, only to watch as the wizard's guard carts them off to fates unknown. Are these villagers or prisoners? Are they blessed or doomed by the gods? As the wizard's guessing game proves more and more diabolical, Farideh resolves to unravel his secrets--even if it means she'll lose her own soul to the Nine Hells"--
Avenue of mysteries
The wedding present
Buster's bone
The Ballroom Café
All of us and everything
I'm a big brother
Nightspell
Rainshadow road
Sister's choice
Hooray! : it's a new royal baby!
I love I hate I miss my sister
The nightingale
More people to love me
My sister's wishes : my promise to make my twin's last wishes come true
The naughtiest reindeer
If you find me
Fangirl : a novel
History of a suicide : my sister's unfinished life
"From the #1 New York Times bestselling author comes Kristin Hannah's next novel. It is an epic love story and family drama set at the dawn of World War II. She is the author of twenty-one novels. Her previous novels include Home Front, Night Road, Firefly Lane, Fly Away, and Winter Garden"--
Sisters of blood and spirit
Three wishes : a novel
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Silly baby
Lily Alone
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Last one home
The wishbone wish
How to be a baby : by me, the big sister
While my sister sleeps
Without you
The dead & the gone
The final word
Lost stars, or, What Lou Reed taught me about love
The transit of Venus
Second chances
Tangled threads
The scoundrel and the debutante
There's a duwende in my brother's soup! = (May duwende sa sopas ng kapatid ko!)
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
After her : a novel
Whatever happened to my sister?
A far country
Starlight
The easter parade
The heart of Mid-Lothian
Mr. Darcy's daughters
The sisters Grimm. Book eight :  The inside story
Just because
City of savages
Apple and rain
The fearless
A lowcountry wedding
After she's gone
Trouble makes a comeback
How to survive your sisters
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Jane and Rosie are sisters who lead very different lives: Rosie is a wife and mother living in domestic bliss, Jane is single, scatty and artistic. Rosie's daughter's wedding brings them closer together and helps Jane see her life and talents in a new light / WorldCat.
In my sister's shoes
Iggy & me and the new baby
Church of Marvels
The Kinsella sisters
Menolly, an acrobat-turned-vampire and operative for the Otherworld Intelligence Agency, must finally confront her sire, Dredge, who, in partnership with the demon Shadow Wing, is turning humans into newborn vampires.
The seven sisters : Maia's story
Born in fire
Me and my sisters
Little house sisters : collected stories from the Little house books
Cleopatra's shadows
Witchling
Brick Lane
A torch against the night
"Viann and Isabelle have always been close despite their differences. Younger, bolder sister Isabelle lives in Paris while Viann lives a quiet and content life in the French countryside with her husband Antoine and their daughter. When World War II strikes and Antoine is sent off to fight, Viann and Isabelle's father sends Isabelle to help her older sister cope. As the war progresses, it's not only the sisters' relationship that is tested, but also their strength and their individual senses of right and wrong. With life as they know it changing in unbelievably horrific ways, Viann and Isabelle will find themselves facing frightening situations and responding in ways they never thought possible as bravery and resistance take different forms in each of their actions. Vivid and exquiste in its illumination of a time and place that was filled with great monstrosities, but also great humanity and strength, Kristin Hannah's novel will provoke thought and discussion that will have readers talking long after they turn the last page"--
The lost prince
The keeper
The silver star
Those girls
The core of the sun
The bachelor list
The mole sisters and the moonlit night
The 3rd woman
Those Faraday girls
The rose girls
Sing in the morning, cry at night
A book of scars
The originals
The sky is everywhere
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
Four classic novels
Second life
Beware the goblin men and the wares they sell.  All her life, nineteen-year-old Liesl has heard tales of the beautiful, mysterious Goblin King. He is the Lord of Mischief, the Ruler Underground, and the muse around which her music is composed. Yet, as Liesl helps shoulder the burden of running her family’s inn, her dreams of composition and childish fancies about the Goblin King must be set aside in favor of more practical concerns.  But when her sister Käthe is taken by the goblins, Liesl journeys to their realm to rescue her sister and return her to the world above. The Goblin King agrees to let Käthe go—for a price. The life of a maiden must be given to the land, in accordance with the old laws. A life for a life, he says. Without sacrifice, nothing good can grow. Without death, there can be no rebirth. In exchange for her sister’s freedom, Liesl offers her hand in marriage to the Goblin King. He accepts.  Down in the Underground, Liesl discovers that the Goblin King still inspires her—musically, physically, emotionally. Yet even as her talent blossoms, Liesl’s life is slowly fading away, the price she paid for becoming the Goblin King’s bride. As the two of them grow closer, they must learn just what it is they are each willing to sacrifice: her life, her music, or the end of the world.
The other sister
The adversary
An ember in the ashes : a novel
The behaviour of moths
How Mirka caught a fish
Vanessa and her sister
The mole sisters and the blue egg
The ice twins
Wintersong
Missing Rose
The time of the ghost
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
The burden : a Mary Westmacott novel
Half life : a novel
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Dee Dee and me
The search for Heinrich Schlögel : a novel
This dark road to mercy
Trouble In Zombie-Town
Wishes for Christmas
Sisters of treason
The trouble with honour
The secret Paris cinema club
Summer with my sister
To all the boys I've loved before
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
At the sign of the Sugared Plum
The lost and the found
The story sisters : a novel
The devil takes a bride
The summer girls
A bit of difference
Mind games
Good wives
Something only we know
The storm sister : Ally's story
Iggy & me ; and, the happy birthday
The holiday home
The burden
