http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15701 printing paper
printing paper
Developing Tervakoski Oy's thin printing paper sales amongst the leading European offset and gravure catalougue
Offset printing : controlled process
Recycled paper as raw material for French printing paper
Price adjustment for Finnish and Swedish papers under fixed and floating exchange rate regimes
Art for all seasons : 40 creative mixed media adventures for children : inspired by nature and contemporary artists
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Novel methods to characterize ink - coating interactions, coating structure and surface energy
Differential absorption of offset ink constituents on coated paper
Looking at paper : evidence & interpretation, symposium proceedings, Toronto 1999
Traditional papercrafts : Parchment Craft, Stencil Embossing, Paper Pricking, Quilling
Variation in tracheid cross-sectional dimensions and wood viscoelasticity : extent and control methods
The blending ratio evaluation between two PCC pigments as a filler in SC paper
Paper graphics
The effects of filler on the properties of SCO paper
Colour on paper and fabric
A guide to making decorated papers
Graphic designer's print + color handbook
Production for graphic designers
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 5, pt. 1, Chemistry and chemical technology, pt. 1 : Paper and printing
Quality characterization of tissue and newsprint paper based on image measurements : possibilities of on-line imaging
Simple screenprinting : basic techniques & creative projects
The influence of starch addition strategy on the surface strength and printability of SC offset paper
Printmaking + mixed media : simple techniques and projects for paper and fabric
Pigments in low grammage papers
Print & stamp lab : 52 ideas for handmade, upcycled print tools
The effect of paper surface properties on printability
The influence of new drying methods on the quality of blade-coated offset paper
Printing and publishing in medieval China
Art lab for kids : 52 creative adventures in drawing, painting, printmaking, paper, and mixed media : for budding artists of all ages
Print quality is a subjective term. It can be described in different ways and there are multiple factors affecting print quality and also various methods to predict it. In this work the printability of folding box board was studied with the Prüfbau multipurpose printability tester and the results were compared with the results of the sheet fed printing machine at Imatra test print. The main aim was to get an idea if there is some correlation between these two results and if Prüfbau could be used in the future for print quality control instead of the full scale printing machine. The examined substrate was Tambrite folding box board. Tambrite was tested regularly at Imatra test print service for two years time. There were three different basic weights to study and 25 samples from a total of 150 samples were chosen to the tests. These included samples with good, average and poor printing properties according to the print quality results of Imatra test print. In the literature part of this work is discussed about offset printing, print quality and factors affecting it and tested Tambrite board. In the experimental part the methods used and the results of tests and correlation with the Imatra test print is explained. The studied printability tests were back-trap mottling, printed gloss, set-off, rub-off and wet pick. These tests were based on the existing methods and the methods were adjusted to the studied substrate Tambrite folding box board. The comparison of the results was done so that the Prüfbau results were put in order of superiority and then compared with the order of Imatra's results. The correlation between the results of Prüfbau and Imatra was found using a scatter diagram and a coefficient of correlation. It was found that the printed gloss results of Prüfbau had a strong correlation with Imatra's results. In both mottling and set-off results Prüfbau had a clear correlation with Imatra's results. The only Prüfbau method which did not exhibit sufficient correlation with Imatra test print results was rub-off. The interpretation of the correlation's significance was made after a number of observations. Some faults in the Imatra results were found which distorted the correlation with Prufbau. Wet pick tests indicated a good wet surface strength and quite good ink transfer to a wet surface. According to the results, Prüfbau could be used in the print quality control of Tambrite board in all the tests with the exception of rub-off tests. However rub-off tests could be studied further by using the same printing ink used at Imatra, when the drying properties of the ink would be the same. Also mottling could be studied further after adjusting the total thickness of the carrier track and the sample constant. This would eliminate the possibility of different print pressure on different samples.
Paper comes to the North : sources and trade routes of paper in the Baltic Sea region 1350-1700 : a study based on watermark research
Evaluation of a dry surface treatment technique for pigment coating of printing papers
Three-ply office paper
The objective of this thesis was to compare the behaviour of different fillers used in low grammage printing papers. For this thesis the most important paper quality parameters were opacity, brightness and tensile and tear strengths. Also retention was studied. In the first part of the work the critical properties of paper affected by the fillers and the critical properties of low grammage printing papers and production process were studied. The properties and applications of used fillers were also explained. In the experimental part of the thesis two trials were made. The results were compared to old production results. This thesis work contains confidential part.
Old master prints and drawings : a guide to preservation and conservation
The bookpaper book from Anjala Mill
Introduction to printing and finishing
Dynamic asset pricing theory
On stochastic modelling and reliability of systems with moving cracked material
Registration methods for pulp and paper images
New business opportunities for printed media : coated paper for coldset printing
Snow globes : the collector's guide to selecting, displaying, and restoring snow globes
The fundamentals of creative design
Analysis of stability of axially moving orthotropic membranes and plates with a linear non-homogeneous tension profile
New surface chemical treatment technology for improvement of SC paper heatset printing performance
The future magazine : transition from product to service
Printability of polyethylene-coated paper and paperboard
Papers for printing : how to choose the right paper at the right price for all your design and printing needs
Creative gift wrapping
Improvement of quality of printing papers obtained through implementation of a new microparticle retention and drainage program
Studies on optical hiding power of white and colored papers
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Printing
Factors affecting purchase decisions on printing papers
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Print media : principles, processes and quality
Print, pattern and colour for paper and fabric
The influence of paper and printing conditions upon the unevennes of prints
Paper : paging through history
Product differentiation: does it provide competitive advantage for a printing paper company?
Papermaking for printmakers
Printing materials : science and technology
Disequilibrium econometrics for the Finnish bond market
The Prüfbau laboratory printing machine's ability to predict the printability of folding box board
Through tracing paper's evolution, Mark Kurlansky challenges common assumptions about technology's influence, affirming that paper is here to stay.
Creative stamping : rubber stamping projects on paper, fabrics, ceramics, wood and metal
Utilisation of tube flow fractionation in fibre and particle analysis
Information and documentation - permanence and durability of writing, printing and copying on paper - requirements and test methods = Information et documentation - permanence et durabilité de l'écriture, de l'impression et de la reprographie sur papier - prescriptions et méthodes d'essai
Influence of plasma modification on surface properties and offset printability of coated paper
Towards simplified deinking systems : a study of the effects of ageing, pre-wetting and alternative pulping strategy on ink behaviour in pulping
The bookpaper book
White magic : the age of paper
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
Heat transfer through porous multiphase systems : measurement, modelling and application in printing of coated papers
Heat transfer through porous multiphase systems : measurement, modelling and applications in printing of coated papers
The complete guide to rubber stamping : design and decorate gifts and keepsakes simply and beautifully with rubber stamps
Impressive : printmaking, letterpress and graphic design
Studies on fastness properties of ink jet prints on coated papers
All you need to know about rubber stamping
Summary.
The print in the western world : an introductory history
Paper for printed electronics and functionality
Ready to print : handbook for media designers
Molecular understanding of printability : MolPrint : final report
Svenska aktiebrev - före 1850 = Swedish share certificates - before 1850 = Schwedische aktien - vor 1850
Modelling and control of printing paper surface winding
Application of the lattice-Boltzmann method for simulating attachment of ink particles in paper
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Measurement of print quality : joint statistical analysis of paper topography and print defects
On the analysis of ink content in recycled pulps
Microwave craft magic
Computational evaluation of print unevenness according to human vision
