http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15737 sound art
sound art
Janet Cardiff & George Bures Miller : the house of books has no windows, Volume I: selected works, Volume II: unrealised works
Championing the Finnish concrète : the transmissions and distractions of Patrick Kosk
The distant sound
Carl Michael von Hauswolff : red empty (Chicago 2003)
Patrick Ward : Mala galerija - Moderna galerija = Museum of Modern Art, Ljubljana, [20.3 - 16.4.2007] / [urednik kataloga = catalogue editor: Igor Spanjol ; besedilo = text: Sam Gathercole]
Ocean of sound : aether talk, ambient sound and imaginary worlds / David Toop
Soundings : a contemporary score
Auditory archaeology : understanding sound and hearing in the past
LARM : från munhåla till laptop : ljud i nordisk konst : from mouth cavity to laptop : the sound of nordic art
Noise, water, meat : a history of sound in the arts / Douglas Kahn
The Sylvie and Babs hi-fi companion
Coin coin chapter three: River run thee
Pulsar kite : a study case for sonic ludic interaction
Germany in the loud twentieth century : an introduction
Other rooms, other voices = autres espaces, autres voix = andere Räume, andere Stimmen : audio works by artists / publication edited by Daniel Kurjakovic and Sebastian Lohse ; radio project curated by Daniel Kurjakovic with Franziska Baetcke for Swiss Radio SR DRS2 ; additional text by Roland Barthes
Immediancy and non-simultaneity : utopia of sound
Designing personal system for live experimental electronic music performance
Dirge; the Peter Sotos files
Brian Eno : Kite stories : ääni-installaatio = sound installation : Kontti 11.12.1999 - 6.2.2000 / [teksti = text: Brian Eno, Perttu Rastas]
Blind sight : 13-28.2.2004 Centrespace VCR Dundee Contemporary Arts, Dundee, Scotland : 2-25.4.2004 Titanik galleria, Turku, Finland
Dance Production: Design and Technology introduces you to the skills you need to plan, design, and execute the technical aspects of a dance production. While it may not seem that staging a dance production is that different from a play or musical, in reality a dance performance offers up unique intricacies and challenges all its own, from scenery that accommodates choreography, to lighting design that sculpts the body, and costumes that complement movement. This unique book approaches the process of staging a dance production from a balanced perspective, making it an essential resource for dancers and designers alike. Covering a broad range of topics, author Jeromy Hopgood takes the reader through the process of producing dance from start to finish - including pre-production planning (collaboration, production process, personnel, performance spaces), design disciplines (lighting, sound, scenery, costumes, projections), stage management, and more. Bridging the gap between theatrical and dance design, the book includes a quick reference guide for theatrical and dance terminology, useful in giving dancers and designers a common working vocabulary that will ensure productive communication across the different fields.
Muu for ears. 4, Soundtracks
Music of the spheres : from prototyping to product realization
Jumping into cold water : "funny how that improves your circulation..." / Mika Taanila
The complete guide to game audio : for composers, musicians, sound designers, and game developers
This is a book about video art, and about sound art. The thesis is that sound first entered the gallery via the video art of the 1960s and in so doing, created an unexpected noise. The early part of the book looks at this formative period and the key figures within it - then jumps to the mid-1990s, when video art has become such a major part of contemporary art production, it no longer seems an autonomous form. Paul Hegarty considers the work of a range of artists (including Steve McQueen, Christian Marclay, Ryan Trecartin, and Jane and Louise Wilson), proposing different theories according to the particular strategy of the artist under discussion. Connecting them all are the twinned ideas of intermedia and synaesthesia. Hegarty offers close readings of video works, as influenced by their sound, while also considering the institutional and material contexts. Applying contemporary sound theory to the world of video art, Paul Hegarty offers an entirely fresh perspective on the interactions between sound, sound art, and the visual.
Software for people : collected writings 1963-80
Dissonance : auditory aesthetics in ancient Greece
Substantials #02 : Substantials is a publication of the center for contemporary art, cca kitakyushu. This issue features a series of lecture at the sound workshop held in dec. 17 - 20, 2003 and in dec. 8 - 11, 2004 / [editor: Akiko Miyake]
Polku : designing an interactive sound installation based on soundscapes
No such thing as silence : John Cage's 4'33"
Sound art : sound as a medium of art : [ZKM Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe, Mar 17, 2012 - Jan 6, 2013] / [editors Julia Gerlach ... [et al.]]
Ambient city : 96,8 MHz music program 16.5. - 8.6. [1994] : [Nykytaiteen museo = Museum of Contemporary Art, Studio N] / [PopZoo Productions]
10 + 2 : 12 : American text sound pieces
Embodied composition : treatment and meaning of physical object in experimental music and sound art
Sample - shuffle - interplay
Undercurrents : the hidden wiring of modern music / edited by Rob Young
The Oxford handbook of sound and image in Western art
Story tree Forest PROJECT
Max Neuhaus : Times Square, Time Piece Beacon
Cognitive and linguistic aspects of geographic space : new perspectives on geographic information research
Writing and unwriting (media) art history : Erkki Kurenniemi in 2048 / edited by Joasia Krysa and Jussi Parikka
The anarchy of silence : John Cage and experimental art
Chrystal world
Janet Cardiff, George Bures Miller : the killing machine : and other stories 1995-2007 : [Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, 2 February - 1 May 2007] / edited by Ralf Beil and Bartomeu Marí
Deus ex machina : the audio production for Adel Abidin's "Blueprint"
Riverrun : von der menschlichen Stimme, dem Universum der Klänge und Geräusche inmitten der Stille : Klangreise in das Studio Akustische Kunst der WDR = a sound journey into WDR's Studio of Acoustic Art = on the human voice, the universe of sounds and noises amidst the silence
The divine punishment & Saint of the pit
Wind Rolf Julius : P 3 Art and Environment, Tokyo, 3. - 28. September, 1991 / orgnizer P 3 Art and Environment ; production P 3 Art and Environment
Site specific sound : Brandon LaBelle / [Brandon LaBelle ; interview by Achim Wollscheid]
Coin coin chapter three : river run thee
Douglas Henderson : playback. no rewind button / editor = Herausgeber: Ingrid Beirer ; texts = Texte: Frank Gertich, Douglas Henderson, Louise S. Milne
Max Neuhaus : two Sound Works 1989 ; Time piece : Kunsthalle Bern ; Bell for St. Cäcilien : sound installation :  Kölnischer Kunstverein / [Konzeption: Ulrich Loock, Max Neuhaus]
VoxAura : The river sings
Nearing walls / Hugh Huddy
Why birds sing : a journey through the mystery of bird song
Ryoji Ikeda : +/- [the infinite between 0 and ] : Museum of Contemporary Art Tokyo, April 2 -June 21, 2009 / produced by Ryoji Ikeda, Yuko Hasegawa ; editors: Kazuhiko Yoshizaki ... [et al.]
Miroslaw Balka : a, e, i, o, u : [Galeria Foksal, Warszawa, 27 marca - 25 kwietnia 1997 = the Foksal Gallery, Warsaw, March 27 - April 25, 1997]
Soundings : nordic sound art
Sonic boom : the art of sound
Èvolûciâ obraza : svet, zvuk, material : Sergej Bugaev (Afrika), Tommi Grënlund, Petteri Nisunen = The evolution of image : light, sound and material : Sergei Bugaev (Afrika), Tommi Grönlund, Petteri Nisunen
Sonic boom : the art of sound : [Hayward Gallery, London, 27.4. - 18.6.2000]
A collection of responses from over 40 leading contemporary composers and artists who were invited to represent aspects of their creative practice with words, and in particular, the spoken word, for the printed page. The book concentrates on the kinds of creative play to be found in different sound based genres such as electroacoustic music composition, text sound composition, and sound poetry while reflecting artistic practices in disciplines of such as digital arts, electronic, concrete and experimental poetry, performance art and fine art. The contributors have chosen to represent their work in a variety of different ways which include writing, graphics, poetry, photographs and through interview.
Experiences from designing a wearable interface for an interaction through breathing
Muu for ears. 7.
Soundings 2 : nordic sound art graduate show
Sound / edited by Caleb Kelly
Marina Abramovic : objects, performance, video, sound : Museum of Modern Art, Oxford,  [9 April - 2 July 1995] / Chrissie Iles (editor) ; RoseLee Goldberg, Thomas McEvilley, David Elliott
The premiere of the Helsinki complaints choir
Blocks of consciousness and the unbroken continuum
The secret hotel
Sound : sound in art and culture
Escape from heaven
The medium and his message / by Juha Torvinen
Experiences on funding independent record production through crowdfunding
Pink noises : women on electronic music and sound
Max Neuhaus : Moment = Stund : Onnur Haed, Syningarsalur, 1997 = Second Floor, Exhibition Space, 1997
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
And all the paths ended
Gravikord, whirlies and pyrophones : experimental musical instruments / written and produced by bart hopkin ; foreword by Tom Waits
What lies beneath KIVIKASA and what is sound art? : KIVIKASA as a step to understand sound art and sound art as a way to understand KIVIKASA
In this wide-ranging book, Frances Dyson examines the role of sound in the development of economic and ecological systems that are today in crisis. Connecting early theories of harmony, cosmology, and theological doctrine to contemporary media and governance, Dyson uses sound, tone, music, voice, and noise as forms of sonority through which the crises of "eco" can be read. The sonic environment, Dyson argues, is fundamental to both sense and sensibility, and its delimitation has contributed to the "senselessness" of a world now caught between spiraling debt and environmental degradation. Dyson draws on scenes, historical moments, artworks, and artistic and theoretical practice to situate the reverberative atmosphere that surrounds and sustains us. From Pythagoras's hammer and the transmutation of music into mathematics, to John Cage's famous experience in the anechoic chamber, to the relocation of the stock market from the street to the computer screen, to Occupy Wall Street's "people's microphone": Dyson finds policies and practices of exclusion. The sound of Pythagoras's forge and the rabble of the market have been muted, rearticulated, and transformed, Dyson argues, through the monotones of media, the racket of financialization, and the gibberish of political speech. Informed by contemporary sound art, philosophy, media and sociopolitical theory, The Tone of Our Times offers insights into present crises that are relevant to a broader understanding of how space, the aural, and listening have shaped and continue to shape the world we live in.
Perseweracja mistyczna i ròza : Panstwowa Galeria Sztuki, Warszawy, 29.8. - 25.10.92 = Mystical perseveration & a rose : Sate Gallery of Art, Warszawy, 29.8. - 25.10.92
Summary.
Audio for games : planning, process, and production
VILKE Collection Zusammenfassung.
Audio culture : readings in modern music / edited by Christoph Cox and Daniel Warner
Cybersonic arts : adventures in American new music
LumaLuma : light and sound in Danish and Finnish contemporary art : Nordjyllands Kunstmuseum, Aalborg, October 14,  2000 - January 7, 2001 : Roundhouse, Salo Art Museum, February 2 - March 18, 2001 / [exhibition and catalogue: Anne Lie Stokbro, Nina Hobolth, Taina Myllyharju]
Rolf Julius : ilmaa  : Studio N, Nykytaiteen museo [25.11.1994 - 8.1.1995] = air : Studio N, Museum of Contemporary Art, Helsinki, [25.11.1994 - 8.1.1995] / [luettelon toimitus =catalogue edited by Maaretta Jaukkuri avustajana = assisted by Leevi Haapala]
See this sound : audiovisuology : compendium : an interdisciplinary survey of audiovisual culture
Frequenzen [Hz] : audiovisuelle Räume = Frequencies [Hz] : audio-visual spaces : Knut Åsdam, Mark Bain, Angela Bulloch ... : [Schirn Kunsthalle Frankfurt, 9.2. - 28.4.2002] / herausgeben von = edited by Max Hollein, Jesper N. Jørgensen
Sound art : sound as media
Erkki Kurenniemi : pioneer of digital synthesis / John Alex Hvidlykke
Gordon Monahan - seeing sound : sound art, performance and music 1978 - 2011 ; [catalogue of exhibitions held at MacLaren Art Centre, Barrie, Ontario (February 26 - May 29, 2011) ...]
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
MUU for ears
IMPROVe : exploring modes of listening
Sonifying processing : the Beads tutorial
Selected works
Dance production : design and technology
The tone of our times : sound, sense, economy, and ecology
Voices = Voces = Voix : Witte de With, center for contemporary art, Rotterdam 13.06 - 23.08 1998 : Fundació Joan Miró, Barcelona 17.09 - 01.11 1998 : Le Fresnoy, Studia national des arts contemporains, Tourcoing / curator: Christopher Phillips ; [catalogue editors: Barbara van Kooij, Christopher Phillips]
Sound and Other Spaces is a book about urban sound environments, sound art, acoustic space and spatial aspects of sound. The texts in the book comprise personal reflections on quality and awareness of sounds, sound design and audio editing, technical solutions for artistic problems, and how one can think and compose sound in the shaping of architecture and cities. In texts and images the authors present experiences from a number of projects performed within the artistic and interdisciplinary research group Urban Sound Institute, USIT. The intention has been to make an easily readable, handy and usable book that can serve as a bridge between specialists and an interested general public.
Fast design, slow innovation : audiophotography ten years on
Music, sound and space : transformations of public and private experience
Erkki Kurenniemi : a man from the future
Interactive performance systems : experimenting with human musical interaction
Life is a thesis : and then you graduate
Streets : past, present & future / edited by Fire Station Artists' Studios
Call to composers, musicians and multimedia artists to participate in a survey establishing user requirements on local positioning systems for spatially interactive applications
The spatial aural exciter
Traces the interactions and mutual influences of art and music. This book presents a narrative of late-Modern/Postmodern artistic practice, connecting familiar events, figures and works to less-familiar precedents and antecedents from within their own fields and from across the aisle.
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
Mr X or the artist of the people? / Kati Kivinen
SOUNDINGS 2 – NORDIC SOUND ART GRADUATE SHOW will display works by the second generation of students from the MFA-programme 'Nordic Sound Art', established in 2007 as a collaboration between varying fine art institutions. This time the participating academies are: The Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen, Malmö Art Academy, Bergen National Academy of the Arts, Trondheim ...
Art of immersive soundscapes
Janett Cardiff : the Walk Book
Haunted weather : music, silence and memory / David Toop
Sound art : beyond music, between categories
Audio arts : live to air : [artists' sound works] : Tate Gallery, [London], 23 August - 19 September, 1982
The Audiotarium : a concept for a public domain sound object repository
Soundings : nordic sound art : [The Museum for Contemporary Art , Roskilde, April 25th - June 7th, 2009] / [curators: Mads Kullberg, Rune Sohting]
In the blink of an ear : towards a non-cochlear sonic art
Janet Cardiff [Elektroninen aineisto] : Drogan's Nightmare : the walk / [curated by Ivo Mesquita]
Rumour and radiation : sound in video art
The star-faced one : from the Sun Ra/El Saturn archives
Marina Abramovic : objects, performance, video, sound / interview: Kevin Henderson & Alan Woods
Muu for ears. 8.
Erkki Kurenniemi : a man from the future / [editor: Maritta Mellais] ; [writers Kai Lassfolk ... [et al.]]
Mutlu Cerkez : Valikoituja teoksia kirjoittamattomasta oopperasta : Studio K 14.7. - 1.10.2000 Kiasma, Nykytaiteen museo  = Selected works from an unwritten opera : Studio K 14.7. - 1.10.2000 Kiasma, Museum of Contemporary Art / [toimitus = edited by Patrik Nyberg]
Substantials #01 : [substantials is a publication of Center for contemporary art, CCA Kitakyushu : this issue feature a series of lecture at the sound workshop held in July 29 -august 3, 2002] / [editor: Akiko Miyake]
Sample/Shuffle/Interplay : a subconscious sonic dreamscape
Into the dominion of vibrations : listening to infrasound
Hans Rosenström : under your skin : or are you? / author and book concept: Claire Gould
Sound sculpture : intersections in sound and sculpture in Australian artworks / Ros Bandt
Generative sound design : complexity, realness, and quality : including study cases of an interactive 3D environment sound research and a generative sound installation
Playing with words : the spoken word in artistic practice
Music and mathematics : from Pythagoras to fractals
Sound wise : creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Articulate objects : voice, sculpture and performance
Susan Philipsz : there is nothing left here : [CGAC - Centro Galego de Arte Contemporánea =
Galician Center for Contemporary Art, 20.12.07 - 30.03.08]
Finnish wishes and complaints join the ARS 06 exhibition
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Echo : the images of sound
Muu for ears. 2.
Site of sound : of architecture and the ear / edited by Brandon LaBelle and Steve Roden
Wireless imagination : sound, radio, and the avant-garde
eSense of connection
