http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15768 evaluation methods
evaluation methods
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 2, The social construction of assessment, equity and globalisation
Student assessment is the same as student evaluation. "Some students just don't learn certain skills easily; the best strategy is simply to teach it to them again in the same way." Anyone who holds these beliefs will be surprised to read a contrary view.
Risk adjustment in coronary bypass grafting : how EuroSCORE is related to cost, health-related quality of life, and cost-effectiveness
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Assessment of Socio-Economic Impacts of Aquaculture, Ankara, Turkey, 4-8 February 2008.
Studies on the validity and reliability of the Structured Assessment of Violence Risk in Youth (SAVRY) in Finnish institutional settings
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Measuring creativity : proceedings for the conference, "Can creativity be measured?" Brussels, May 28-29, 2009
"The success of the Apgar score demonstrates the astounding power of an appropriate clinical instrument. This down-to-earth book provides practical advice, underpinned by theoretical principles, on developing and evaluating measurement instruments in all fields of medicine. It equips you to choose the most appropriate instrument for specific purposes. The book covers measurement theories, methods and criteria for evaluating and selecting instruments. It provides methods to assess measurement properties, such as reliability, validity and responsiveness, and interpret the results. Worked examples and end-of-chapter assignments use real data and well-known instruments to build your skills at implementation and interpretation through hands-on analysis of real-life cases. All data and solutions are available online. This is a perfect course book for students and a perfect companion for professionals/researchers in the medical and health sciences who care about the quality and meaning of the measurements they perform"--Provided by publisher.
Relating language examinations to the Common European Framework of Reference for languages : learning, teaching, assessment (CEFR) : highlights from the manual
A quantitative method for localizing user interface problems : the D-TEO method
Ethnic sensitive substance abuse work : services for non-Finnish speaking clients in substance abuse treatment units in Finland today
Usability assessment of a UML-based formal modeling method using a cognitive dimensions framework
Development of biogenic VOC emission inventories for the boreal forest
The theory and practice of teaching
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Entry-level free commercial databases : a usability study : covering Oracle G10 Express Edition, DB2 Express-C 9.7.2 edition and SQL Server 2008 R2 Express Edition
A review of length-based approaches to assessing fish stocks
Employee wellness program : fitness assessment and change using Polar OwnTestTM system with participant feedback
Profitable food service management : thru performance appraisals
Applicability of socio-economic evaluation methods : a case study of the Costa Rican joint implementation forest projects
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Promoting programming learning : engagement, automatic assessment with immediate feedback in visualizations
Critical approaches to the study of higher education : a practical introduction
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 4, Current issues in formative assessment, teaching and learning
Play as an occupation : assessing children's play performance in social context
Handbook of automated essay evaluation : current applications and new directions
In this thesis some theory of Usability is first explained to give a context to the readers about the tests that took place afterwards. Far from being a complete study of Usability, the work focus on some general components of Usability for then going to explain the principles of Usability Testing that were used in the test, specifically the Cognitive Walkthrough and Heuristic Evaluation methods. The readers, now armed with this knowledge of usability, can understand and appreciate better the test plans for the Usability Testing that took place on 16th of December 2010 at Haaga-Helia UAS. Two tests were conducted: a Cognitive Walkthrough and an Heuristic Evaluation of 3 commercial DBMS products and the support web sites linked to them. The tests were quite succesful and produced copious amount of data that was used to generate some reccomendations about the products. The recommendations are too extensive to reproduce here, but each of the products had its strong and weak points, some more than others. Beside a series of recommendations, there is also a series of feedback received during the test and the experiences of the test moderator that are reproduced in the text to help future students in preparing and conducting better tests. Once again, listing all the findings would not fit in this abstract, but the hope here is that they will help quite much any student or researcher going this same route.
An efficiency evaluation of small and medium sized industries by data envelopment analysis
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
A Bayesian network based on-line risk prediction framework for interdependent critical infrastructures
Social media marketing in tourism and hospitality
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Pesticide residues in food 1992 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Expert Group on Pesticide Residues, Rome, 21-30 September 1992.
Geriatric rehabilitation : a textbook for the physical therapist assistant
Social media analytics : effective tools for building, interpreting and using metrics
Developing new approaches to global stock status assessment and fishery production potential of the seas
Developing supplier measurement process at Kemira GrowHow Siilinjärvi
An exploration of tools and methodologies for valuation of biodiversity and biodiversity resources and functions
Pesticide residues in food 1991 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Expert Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, 16-25 September 1991.
Environmental impact assessment methodologies
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
Cochrane handbook for systematic reviews of interventions : version 5.1.0
Effort control and estimation analysis in the application engineering project
Citation analysis in research evaluation
Learning analytics : measurement innovations to support employee development
Handbook of intelligence : evolutionary theory, historical perspective, and current concepts
I.t.a : an independent evaluation
Environmental impact assessment : theory and practice
Remote sensing and GIS accuracy assessment
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 1, Purposes, functions and technical issues
A self-assessment based method for post-completion audits in paper production line investment projects
Handbook of response to intervention : the science and practice of assessment and intervention
Dose monitoring for health risk assessment of exposure to acrylamides
GIS-assisted road right-of-way harvesting survey - preliminary results
Assessment of manual and automated methods for updating stand-level forest inventories based on aerial photography
Assessment of learning
Tiivistelmä: Ethnic Sensitive Substance Abuse Work, Services for Non-Finnish Speaking Clients in Substance Abuse Treatment Units in Finland Today.
This book provides a practical guide to curriculum-based evaluation (CBE), which helps educators solve learning problems by making data-based decisions about what and how to teach. CBE offers clear procedures for analyzing PreK-12 students' academic skills, determining where instruction needs to focus, and evaluating progress. Written in a step-by-step style, the book features examples throughout that illustrate the problem-solving process. The use of curriculum-based measurement (CBM) as a data collection technique is discussed. Reproducible planning and implementation tools are included; the large-size format and lay-flat binding facilitate photocopying. Purchasers also get access to a Web page where they can download and print the reproducible materials.
"This two-volume reference is a comprehensive, up-to-date examination of the most important theory, concepts, methodological approaches, and applications in the burgeoning field of judgment and decision making (JDM). It brings together a multi-disciplinary group of contributors from across the social sciences, including psychology, economics, marketing, finance, public policy, sociology, and philosophy. It provides accessible, essential information, complete with the latest research and references, for experts and non-experts alike in two volumes. Emphasizes the growth of JDM applications with separate chapters devoted to medical decision making, decision making and the law, consumer behavior, and more. Addresses controversial topics (such as choice from description vs. choice from experience and contrasts between empirical methodologies employed in behavioral economics and psychology) from multiple perspectives "--
Marine fisheries ecosystem : its quantitative evaluation and management
Handbook of ecotoxicology
A manual on methods for the assessment of secondary productivity in fresh waters
Post-harvest fish loss assessment in small-scale fisheries : a guide for the extension officer
Government and nongovernmental human service organizations are under increasing pressure to demonstrate that their programs work. As stakeholders demand more accountability, human service organizations are increasingly utilizing performance accountability and performance measurement as a way of demonstrating the efficiency, quality, and effectiveness of their programs. Measuring the Performance of Human Service Programs, Second Edition examines the reasons why performance measurement has become the major method of performance accountability today. In this second edition of their classic work, Martin & Kettner explain in detail how to develop and utilize output, quality, and outcome performance measures in human service programs. Special attention is given to the four types of outcome performance measures: numeric counts, standardized measures, level of functioning (LOF) scales and client satisfaction.
Elemental speciation in human health risk assessment
Empirical errors of small area estimates from the multisource National Forest Inventory in Eastern Finland
Pesticide residues in food 1990 : report of the meeting, Rome, 17-26 September 1990.
Assessment Guidelines for Sign Language Interpreting Training Programmes
Question evaluation methods : contributing to the science of data quality
Advanced distance sampling
Land degradation assessment in drylands - LADA Project : meeting report , 23-25 January 2002.
Development of a simulation model to estimate crop losses in oats caused by barley yellow dwarf luteovirus
Development of methodology for assessing counseling interactions : developing the Counselor Response Observation System and assessing applicability of heart rate variability to the measurement of client emotions during verbal reporting
Human conceptualisation processes as a perspective on the design and evaluation of user-interfaces
Integrate qualitative inquiry approaches and methods into the practice of evaluation. Qualitative inquiry can have a major effect on evaluation practice, and provides evaluators a means to explore and examine various settings and contexts in need of rich description and deeper understanding. Qualitative Inquiry in Evaluation: From Theory to Practice explores the most important considerations for both students and evaluation professionals. Using various evaluation theories and approaches as a springboard for real-world practice, this reference serves as an accessible text for beginning students and seasoned professionals alike. Readers are given an in-depth view of the key qualities and benefits of qualitative inquiry, which also serves as a crucial counterpart to quantitative analysis. Chapters in part one focus on the foundations, core concepts, and intersection of evaluation theory and qualitative inquiry. Part two contains contributions from leading evaluators whose design, implementation, and reporting strategies for qualitative inquiry are centered on common, real-world settings. These case-based chapters point to the strengths and challenges of implementing qualitative evaluations. Key competencies for conducting effective qualitative evaluations are also discussed. Qualitative Inquiry in Evaluation: From Theory to Practice is a vital tool for evaluators and students alike who are looking to deepen their understanding of the theoretical perspectives and practice considerations of qualitative evaluation.
Evaluation in adult and further education : a practical handbook for teachers and organisers
Software process capability and maturity determination : BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
Entry-Level free Commercial databases: A Usability Study
From the company strategy to the balanced scorecard
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Fair isn't always equal : assessing & grading in the differentiated classroom
"A Guide to Teaching Practice" is the most comprehensive text available for students on initial teacher training courses across all phases in the UK. The book's focus on the quality of teaching and learning and consideration of the latest regulations and guidelines ensures that it fits comfortably within current statutory frameworks. Revised and updated, this authoritative yet accessible textbook covers all the important basic skills and issues that students need to consider during their practice, such as planning, classroom organisation, behaviour management and assessment, as well as chapters on: the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS); legal issues; learning and teaching and using ICT in the classroom; teaching and learning numeracy; teaching and learning literacy; children's rights; and, gifted and talented children. This respected and widely used textbook will be an essential resource for any student teacher. Additional learning resources for students are provided on a companion website, which contains further research, important links and downloadable materials. The website also contains information to make this book more relevant to international audiences.
Global child poverty and well-being : measurement, concepts, policy and action
Development of advanced tool for financial analysis. : The case of UPM-Kymmene Oyj
Sampling methods applied to fisheries science : a manual
Measurement scales used in elderly care
Assessing for learning : librarians and teachers as partners
Element concentration cadasters in ecosystems : methods of assessment and evaluation
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Environmental consulting fundamentals : investigation and remediation
Local economic impacts of national park visitors' spending : the development process of an estimation method
Cognitive performance and progression of Alzheimer's disease: measurement and intervention : the ALSOVA follow-up study
Beyond the bubble test : how performance assessments support 21st century learning
A user's manual for assessment of work performance (AWP)
Crop loss assessment and pest management
Handbook of multimethod measurement in psychology
Using assessments to improve teaching and learning in upper secondary school
Method evaluations in spatial exploratory analyses of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data
Methods for assessing degrading effects of UV radiation on materials
Measuring and communicating security's value : a compendium of metrics for enterprise protection
Pesticide residues in food 1993 : report of the Joint Meeting of the FAO Panel of Experts on Pesticide Residues in Food and the Environment and the WHO Expert Group on Pesticide Residues, Geneva, 20-29 September 1993.
Development of farming systems : evaluation of the five-year period 1980-1984
National assessment and the criteria for evaluation
Advances in assessment of programming skills
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric techniques tell us?
A guide to teaching practice
Qualitative inquiry in evaluation : from theory to practice
Educational testing and measurement : classroom application and practice
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
Feminist evaluation : explorations and experiences
Social skills and personal problem solving : a handbook of methods
Assessment : what's in it for schools?
The concept and measurement of quality of life in the frail elderly
The practice-theory relationship in evaluation
Measuring the performance of human service programs
Assessment of young learners' English proficiency in bilingual content instruction CLIL
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
Evaluating practice : guidelines for the accountable professional
Measurement-based value alignment and reasoning about organizational goals and strategies : studies with the ICT industry
Prediction of material properties based on non-destructive Barkhausen noise measurement
Towards a meta-method for the engineering of situational evaluation methods for domain-specific modeling tools
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
A comparison of sustainable construction : Approaches: developing and developed countries
Why open educational resources repositories fail : the contribution of quality approaches to the success of repositories
Student evaluation in higher education : reconceptualising the student voice
Unlocking assessment : understanding for reflection and application
Software process capability and maturity determination:BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators.
Multidimensional journal evaluation : analyzing scientific periodicals beyond the impact factor
Estimating canopy cover in Scots pine stands
The uncertainty of forest management planning data in Finnish non-industrial private forestry
Client-centered evaluation : new models for helping professionals
Clinical management of dysarthric speakers
Formative classroom assessment : theory into practice
Accountability and effectiveness evaluation in nonprofit organizations
Mixed standard scale : a new merit rating method, its development and use in industry
Long-term memory problems in children and adolescents : assessment, intervention, and effective instruction
Client assessment in therapeutic recreation services
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
Adventure education : an introduction
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Assessment tools for recreational therapy
Competence- and Problem-Based Learning at Lapland University of Applied Sciences : Student Handbook
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Sample trees in timber volume estimation
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
The SWOT analysis : using your strength to overcome weaknesses, using opportunities to overcome threats
AQUATOX - ecological risk assessment model : a tool for impact assessment for waters
Logic model development guide : using logic models to bring together planning, evaluation and action
Handbook of research on assessment technologies, methods, and applications in higher education
A method for evaluation of metric properties of response scales
Evaluating mineral projects : applications and misconceptions
Portfolio assessment : instructional guide : using portfolio assessment to enhance student learning
Key concepts in educational assessment
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
This paper applies new panel estimation techniques to the estimation of the elasticity of private production with respect to public capital in a regional setup. We use the widely applied production function approach and regional data from Finland in the period of 1975-2004. In contrast to many previous studies about the productivity of public capital, we focus especially on panel estimation techniques. We show that the results from commonly applied fixed effects OLS are probably biased and sensitive to change of an estimator. To get more reliable results, we use the panel DOLS and panel DSUR estimators. According to results, public capital seems to have had a positive impact on private production.
In situ evaluation of biological hazards of environmental pollutants
The great psychotherapy debate : the evidence for what makes psychotherapy work
The ABCs of evaluation : timeless techniques for program and project managers
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
The relationship between regional value added and public capital in Finland : what do the new panel econometric trends tell us?
Innovations 2005 - Special edition : world innovations in engineering education and reseach
Measurement of alignment between standards and assessment
Some measurement problems in the 1986/87 agricultural sample survey in Tanzania : report from a minor field study
The ABCs of curriculum-based evaluation : a practical guide to effective decision making
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 3, School effectiveness, accountability and international comparisons of educational achievement
The art and science of wine
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of judgment and decision making
The housing enabler : a method for rating/screening and analysing accessibility problems in housing ; Manual for the complete instrument and screening tool
Evaluation practice reconsidered
Mentoring, learning and assessment in clinical practice : a guide for nurses, midwives and other health professionals
Comparison of price valuation models : empirical test on Thai market
Principles and methods for assessing autoimmunity associated with exposure to chemicals
Distance sampling : estimating abundance of biological populations
Application of magnetic biomonitoring in air pollution research : spatio-temporal properties of magnetic particle matter
The evaluation society
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
In response to a growing need expressed by the users of the CEFR, the Language Policy Division developed a manual and a set of accompanying tools to be used to assist in linking local language examinations to the common reference levels of language proficiency. This publication seeks to complement these tools by providing a user-friendly introduction to the process, targeting professionals with a stake in quality language testing who are not necessarily experts in testing and assessment. Relating an examination or test to the CEFR can best be seen as a process of building an argument. The publication presents five inter-related sets of procedures that users are advised to follow in order to design a linking scheme in terms of self-contained, manageable activities.
Computerized reading fluency assessment : task validity and the strongest discriminators of fluency skills among second-graders
Hope or hype : the obsession with medical advances and the high cost of false promises
Methods for preparing yield tables
Qualitative and quantitative methods in libraries : theory and applications : proceedings of the International Conference on QQML2009, Chania, Crete, Greece, 26-29 May 2009
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Ipsative assessment : motivation through marking progress
Wellfare assessment in a commercial sow herd : development, evaluation and report of the method : revised reprint of PhD thesis
The problem of assessment in art and design
A Handbook of techniques for formative evaluation : mapping the student's learning experience
Principles for evaluating health risks in children associated with exposure to chemicals
Agricultural sustainability : strategies for assessment
Comparison of randomized branch sampling with and without replacement at the first stage
Improvements of ergonomic assessment procedures for forest machines : a comparative evaluation of three established test methods = Förbättringar av ergonomiska bedömningssystem för skogsmaskiner : en jämförande utvärdering av tre etablerade testmetoder = Verbesserungen von ergonomischen Beurteilungsverfahren für Forstmaschinen : eine vergleichende Bewertung von drei eingeführten Prüfmethoden
Social competence and loneliness during the school years : issues in assessment, interrelations and intergenerational transmission
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Parallelized program analysis
