http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15752 whey
whey
Retention of β-galacotsidase activity as related to Maillard reaction, lactose crystallization, collapse and glass transition in low moisture whey systems
New techniques of whey processing
Fortified and soft drinks
Treatment and hygiene of farm slurry and food waste
"Spunt's study of heroin use amongst New York City's musicians is an exciting academic journey for those who appreciate the merits of qualitative research and especially scholars working in urban ethnography and cultural criminology. Readers will discover that Spunt's groundbreaking study engages the critical academic mind and also the human heart: this book confronts the reader with a vast human tragedy where many of our best musicians have ruined their artistic excellence with heroin." - Thaddeus Muller, Assistant Professor of Criminology, Erasmus University, The Netherlands "Spunt clearly and comprehensively demonstrates the connection between heroin and music and the need for a better understanding of that nexus." - Henry H. Brownstein, Senior Fellow, University of Chicago, USA "This work promises to make a unique contribution to the sociological literature on music and drug use. Spunt is eminently qualified to make this statement, having distinguished himself as a veteran ethnographer of the New York City heroin scene. His depiction of New York City heroin-using musicians is simply fascinating, sure to become a classic in the field." - Mark S. Hamm, Professor of Criminology and Criminal Justice, Indiana State University, USA, and author of The Spectacular Few: Prisoner Radicalization and the Evolving Terrorist Threat.
The Life of the Heroin User : Typical Beginnings, Trajectories and Outcomes
The functional and biological properties of whey proteins : prospects for the development of functional foods
"Explores what it is like to live in a world where cannibal witches are undeniably real, yet too ephemeral and contradictory to be an object of belief. In a book based on more than three years of fieldwork between 1991 and 2011, Nils Bubandt argues that cannibal witches for people in the coastal, and predominantly Christian, community of Buli in the Indonesian province of North Maluku are both corporeally real and fundamentally unknowable"--
Dairy handbook
Geigy scientific tables. Volume 5, Heart and circulation
Whey as raw material for development of new products for human nutrition and health : a review
Cheese-making by full concentration of milk with membrane filtration and evaporation
Three women of Herat : a memoir of life, love and friendship in Afganistan
Possibilities to increase assortment of products made from whey protein
The whey processing problems in Latvia
Music of Afghanistan : professional musicians in the city of Herat
Food engineering and dairy technology
Property, education, and identity in late eighteenth-century fiction : the heroine of disinterest
Whey : proceedings of the second International Whey Conference, held in Chicago, USA, 27-29 October 1997
Abstract: Gels of [BETA]-lactoglobulin.
Judith
Smack : heroin and the American city
This book analyzes heroin users and the drug subculture on the Shetland Islands, an area known for its geographical remoteness, rural character and relative wealth. It fills the scientific gap created by the conventional research in heroin research, which is usually conducted in urban areas and relies on treatment and prison populations.  Based on qualitative, in-depth interviews with twenty-four heroin users, this book depicts and analyzes the nature and historical development of the local heroin scene. It illustrates the features and internal structures of the subculture, and it examines the manner in which both are influenced by the location-specific geographical, cultural and socio-economic conditions. It thus reveals complex causal associations that are hard to recognize in urban environments. Complete with a list of references used and recommendations for future research, this book is a vital tool for progressive and pragmatic approaches to policy, intervention and research in the field of illicit drug use.
Fractionation methods of whey proteins - chromatographic techniques
Denaturation of whey proteins
Whey pretreatments before ultrafiltration
Buprenorphine : features of abuse and methods for improving unobserved dosing in opioid substitution treatment
Microfiltration in cheese and whey processing
Possible involvement of selenium in Staphylococcus aureus inhibition in cow's whey
Nitrate-free whey and edam cheese of normal quality with added nitrate
Behind the wall of respect : community experiments in heroin addiction control
Taking care of business : the economics of crime by heroin abusers
Whey proteins fractionation with membrane techniques
Fundamentals of cheese science
Gel-based proteomic study on vitamin B12 producing P. freudenreichii ssp. shermanii
Metabolic effects of whey proteins in an experimental model of diet-induced obesity
Judith, sexual warrior : women and power in Western culture
Appetite control : the role of food composition and structure
The optimization of the alkaline cleaning step in a nanofiltration installation up-concentrating whey
Effects of variation in whey and processing factors on whey protein concentrates : composition and gelation properties = Effekter av variasjon i myse og teknologiske faktorer på myseproteinkonsentrater : sammensetning og gel dannende egenskaper
Food and bio process engineering : dairy technology
LHC workshop on experimental conditions and beam-induced detector backrounds : CERN, Geneva, Switzerland 3-4 April 2008
The possible lives of Matleena Herajärvi : a poor woman's position in Northern Finland in the nineteenth century
The aftermath : analysis of post-merger integration activities in multicultural mergers
This case study reports on the methodological complexities of doing ethnographic research on heroin addiction when the researcher is an ex-heroin addict himself. The case provides an account of the difficulties of accessing and researching criminal/deviant populations, demonstrating some of the many potentials and problems to be found in adopting (auto)ethnographic techniques in the process. Ultimately, it is shown here that the links between the researcher's 'self' (past or present) and the subject studied can be usefully employed in social research to reveal new and illuminating ways of understanding research topics.
Determinants of individual vulnerability to heroin addiction : a psychosocial study
The empty seashell : witchcraft and doubt on an Indonesian island
A chromatographic process for removing phenylalanine from enzymatic whey protein hydrolysate
Summary.
Women on heroin
Heroin and music in New York City
Hooked on heroin : drugs and drifters in a globalized world
Improving maintenance treatment of heroin addiction : the role of buprenorphine
Developments in dairy chemistry. 4, Functional milk proteins
Effect of pre-treatment of cheese milk on the composition and characteristics of whey and whey products
Combined biological and chemical treatment of dairy wastewater
Passage to manhood : youth migration, heroin, and AIDS in Southwest China
The Role of Community-Mindedness in the Self-Regulation of Drug Cultures : A Case Study from the Shetland Islands
Functional properties of whey proteins
Metabolic and cellular effects of calorie restriction and whey proteins in experimental obesity
Effect of physico-chemical conditions and operating parameters on flux and retention of different components in ultrafiltration and nanofiltration fractionation of sweet whey
Heroin is a worldwide scourge and a seemingly intractable one. The Life of the Heroin User: Typical Beginnings, Trajectories and Outcomes is the first book to apply a biographical approach to the lifecycle of the heroin user from birth until death. Chapters address each stage of the user's life, including childhood, routes to use, the development of dependence, problems arising from addiction, death and options for treatment and prevention. Drawing on over two decades of experience in the field of opiate research, Shane Darke examines major theoretical approaches to the development of opiate dependence and the efficacy of treatment options for opiate dependence. Key points are presented at the end of each chapter. The most detailed review available of what is likely to happen to the dependent heroin user, this is an important book for clinicians, researchers and students in the fields of drug and alcohol studies and public health.
Whey processing, functionality and health benefits
Developing the knowledge intensive service offering in the higher education network cooperation context : Case Helsinki Education and Research Area (HERA)
Heroin use in England : an (auto)ethnographic study of drug addiction
Modern dairy technology. Vol. 1, Advances in milk processing
Optimization of centrifugal separation of α-lactalbumin and β-lactoglobulin
The Epidemiology of heroin and other narcotics
Whey and whey utilization d. ossibilities for utilization in agriculture and foodstuffs production
Concentrated and dried dairy products
Treatment of illicit opioid and γ-hydroxybutyrate overdose by Helsinki Emergency Medical Services
New heroin-assisted treatment : recent evidence and current practices of supervised injectable heroin treatment in Europe and beyond
Using narrative accounts from a sample of 69 New York City-based musicians of various genres who are self-acknowledged heroin users, the book addresses the reasons why these musicians started using heroin and the impact heroin had on these musicians' playing, creativity, and careers.
No one spoke ill of her : essays on Judith
