http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15746 double bass
double bass
Thirty etudes for the string bass
Violin family
New method for the double bass. Book 1
Beginning upright bass
Laughing at life
Learn to play bluegrass bass
String time joggers : 14 pieces for flexible ensemble : double bass
Concepts in string playing : reflections by artist-teachers at the Indiana University School of Music
Méthode complète pour la contrebasse à quatre et cinq cordes = Complete method for the four and five stringed double bass = Vollstandige Schule des vier und fünfsaitigen Contrabasses. 1re partie
Modern walking bass technique. Volume 1 : A contemporary rhythmic approach : Jazz bass lines for string bass, electric bass, tuba, organ, synthetizer, arrangers / by Mike Richmond
Intermediate scales and bowings for strings. String bass
Let's play rhythm : variations on rhythm changes for the study of improvisation, ear training and compositions
The ABC's of jazz bass
The collection
Double bass solo plus : twenty graded melodies for double bass and piano, four double bass duets
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 1
Suzuki bass school : piano accompaniment. Volume 3
Suzuki bass school : bass part. Volume 4
Playing double bass step by step : modern method for double bass, minibass and E-bass
Bass is best! : Yorke mini-bass book 1
Compatible quartets for strings. Bass : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Conference of the birds
The ABC's of bass. Book 1 : for the absolute beginner to the  intermediate student
Kontrabassoasteikot : Scales for double bass. 3, Ympyräasteikot
Three or four shades of blues
Enjoy the double bass : Kontrabassschule (mit Klavierbegleitung). Band 2, 3-5 Lage =  double bass method (with piano accompaniment). Volume 2, 3-5 position
Suzuki bass school : bass part. Volume 5
The really easy bass book : very first solos for double bass with piano accompaniment
New method for string bass, Part 1
Orchester-Probespiel = Test pieces for orchestral auditions : Kontrabass : Sammlung wichtiger Passagen aus der Opern- und Konzertliteratur
Introduction to the double bass
Essential techniques for acoustic bass. Lesson two
Jazz conception : Bass : 21 solo etudes for jazz phrasing, interpretation and improvisation
Suzuki bass school : bass part. Volume 3
Jazz workshop for bass and drums : How to play in bands : jazz latin funk
Right from the start : 20 very elementary pieces for young players
Sonata in e minor : for string bass and piano
Bluegrass bass
Bass notes : for acoustic and electric bass
A tune a day : for string bass. Book 1.
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 3, Piano accompaniment
Double bass starter : 22 pieces in various styles
Enjoy the double bass : Kontrabassschule (mit Klavierbegleitung). Band 1, 1/2 - 2 1/2 Lage =  double bass method (with piano accompaniment). Volume 1, 1/2 - 2 1/2 position
Who owns music? : [notes from a spiritual journey]
New method for the double bass : English and German texts. Book 2
The bass tradition : past present future
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 1, Piano accompaniment
Evolving upward : an aid in developing thumb position technique for the double bass. Bass Book 2.
All for strings : comprehensive string method : string bass. Book 2
The essential string method. Book four, Double bass
Studio bass masters : session tips & techniques from top bass players
The Monk Montgomery electric bass method : with supplementary information regarding the upright bass
Bassic instinct : five acoustic aspects to the instrumental nature of the double bass in chamber ensembles
Improve your sight-reading! : a workbook for examinations : grades I-V : double bass
Progressive method for double bass : a complete and practical system : particularly adapted for the use of teachers and students. Part 2
Deep down in music : the art of the great jazz bassists
Haunted heart
Essential techniques for acoustic bass. Lesson one
Strollin'
Basic instinct : five acoustic aspects to the instrumental nature of the double bass in chamber ensembles : lectio praecursoria
Uncharted land
Bass improvising : for upright or electric
Modern walking bass technique. Volume 1
Ray Brown's bass method. Volume 1, number 1
The jazz bass book : Technique and tradition
Elementary method : string bass
How low can you go? : anthology of the string bass (1925-1941)
12-bar blues : the complete guide for bass
Sarabande and minuet
Why really
Progressive method for double bass : a complete and practical system : particularly adapted for the use of teachers and students. Part 1
Beginning bass : a 30 minute comprehensive guide designed for the beginning bassist
A bass player's guide to jamming
Bowing techniques for the improvising bassist
Shaped by the sea : artistic identity and the process of collaboration in a transcultural context
An organized method of string playing : double bass exercises for the left hand
The total jazz bassist : a fun and comprehensive overview of jazz bass playing
Melodic playing in the thumb position : a method for the string bass
Fun with the Bass. Level 1, Easy Solos
Walking bass lines  : rhythm changes in 12 keys : a complete guide to constructing walking bass lines for the double bassist and electric jazz bassist
Double bass ABC. Book A
Expectation
Method for double bass. Part one
Effective etudes for jazz : Audition/performance etudes based on the chord changes to popular standards : bass
Six suites for solo violoncello : Volume I Nos. 4 and 5
Early start on the double bass. Volume 3 = Früher Anfang auf dem Kontrabass. Band 3
The contemporary contrabass
Mastering the bow : studies for bass. Part 1
Jazz upright bass
Simplified higher technique : for double bass
The essential string method : double bass. Book 2
Double bass : the ultimate challenge
Vade mecum : for the double bass
Beneath the underdog
THE ART OF DOUBLE BASS PLAYING
Jazz bass facing
Early start on the double bass. Volume 1
The art of walking bass : a method for acoustic or electric bass
Creating jazz bass lines
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 2
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
Simplified higher technique for double bass
Guide to teaching strings
WHAT I AM
Easy jazz conception : Bass lines : transcribed bass lines
Thomastic-Infeld music clinic : jazz workshop
Years through time
A tune a day : for string bass. A second book for string bass instruction in group, public school classes or individual lessons
Duets for strings : bass
Mingus/Mingus : two memoirs
Yorke studies for double bass. Volume 1, Half & first positions
The incense of all our prayers
Walking bass lines : the blues in 12 keys : a comprehensive guide to constructing walking jazz bass lines for the double bassist and electric jazz bassist
Intonation plus : a comprehensive method for the jazz double bass player
A new history of the double bass
Hit-Box : für Kontrabass und Klavier = for double bass and piano
Pithecanthropus erectus
Rubank elementary method : string bass : a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Essential jazz lines : Bass clef edition : upright bass, trombone, bass guitar, cello : in the style of "Cannonball" Adderley
Those who were
Jazz rhythm section 'work-out' : Bassists & drummers
Méthode complète pour la contrebasse à quatre et cinq cordes = Complete method for the four and five stringed double bass = Vollstandige Schule des vier und fünfsaitigen Contrabasses. 2me partie
Hit-Box : Traditionals & Ragtimes
This is all I ask
The evolving bassist : an aid in developing a total musical concept : for the double bass and the four and six string electric guitar
Shoes of the fisherman's wife
A contemporary concept of bowing technique for the double bass
Method for double bass. Part two
Zwölf Walzer für Kontrabass solo : Twelve waltzes for double bass solo
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 3
Bass improvising for upright and electric
Progressive repertoire for the double bass. Vol. 2, Piano accompaniment
Standard lines : a comprehensive guide to constructing walking jazz bass lines for the double bass & electric bass
New method for the double bass. Book 2
Bass method : a school of modern rhythmic bass playing
Come Sunday
The musical styles of Charles Mingus
How to play the double bass
Complete technique for double bass : 520 exercises include 58 musical studies in positions 1 through 7. Book 1
The setup and repair of the double bass for optimum sound : A manual for players, makers and repairers
Mastering the bow. Part 1, studies for bass : based on the violin studies of Franz Wohlfahrt
Bass workout and practice regimen : build toner, timing, strength and endurance
Six suites for solo violoncello edition for double bass : Nos. 4 and 5. Volume 2
Early start on the double bass. Volume 2 = Früher Anfang auf dem Kontrabass. Band 2
Double bass sight-reading : a fresh approach = Déchiffrage pour la contrebasse : nouvelle approche = Vom-Blatt-Spiel auf dem Kontrabass : eine erfrischend neue Methode
Rubank elementary method. String bass
Fun with the String Bass
Essentials for strings : String bass : A systematic approach to technical development
