http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15717 football players
football players footballers
Fact or fiction behind football : footballers earn less than their underpants do!
555 football facts: to wow your mates
Champions league fact file
Gothic sports. 2
Blessed : the autobiography
Neymar : the making of the world's greatest new number 10
Soccer player development model  : the priorities of training and coaching youth soccer players to produce future elite soccer players
Giggsy : the biography of Ryan Giggs
World football stars.  2
My Life in Football
Man of the match
Liverpool captains : a journey of leadership from the pitch
Euro 2016 : the ultimate fan guide
The official 2014 Fifa world cup Brazil : kids handbook
Go for the goal : a champion's guide to winning in soccer and life
David Beckham : the great betrayal
The wall of Winnipeg and me
Playing for pizza
Spooky soccer
In the shadows of machismo : Ecuadorian women and football
Shoot to win
Youth development in football : lessons from the world's best academies
The big book of The World Cup
The big match
World Cup football
The kick off
Football record breakers
Commitment : my autobiography
Ronaldinho : football's flamboyant maestro
The Flea : the amazing story of Leo Messi
Soccer player development model : the priorities of training and coaching youth soccer players to produce future elite soccer players
Becks : the unofficial and unauthorised biography of David Beckham
Brazil futebol : football to the rhythm of the samba beat
Messi : the inside story of a boy who became a legend
Football's greatest characters : stories of hard men, hellraisers and crowd-pleasers
Sol Campbell : the authorised biography
The Kingfisher football encyclopedia
Champions magazine : Helsinki
The David Beckham story : unauthorised & unofficial
Arise Sir David Beckham : footballer, celebrity, legend : the biography of Britain's best loved sporting icon
Matchdays : the hidden story of the Bundesliga
Four four two : Helsinki
Player development guidebook for JJK Jyväskylä football club
World soccer : e-lehti
Gothic sports. 3
John Charles : gentle giant
Arsène Wenger : pure genius : the biography of the Premiership's greatest manager
The football ghosts
Second Best : my dad and me
Ronaldo : the obssesion for perfection
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Gareth Bale : the biography
George Best, the mercurial Manchester United and Northern Ireland forward, possessed a genius that left opponents slack-jawed and earned him a legion of adoring fans. Off the pitch, as his striking good looks, devil-may-care attitude and mischievous charm made him the first British sportsman to be accorded pop star status, Best became an icon. But fame came at a price, and his playing career was soon overshadowed by his lifestyle and an increasing dependence on the comforting embrace of alcohol. Whilst his tumultuous later years could never diminish the memories of the peerless, often breathtaking, quality of his football, they had a profound effect on his only son, Calum. Growing up with his mother in California, Calum's sporadic visits to see his father in England were all too rare, and he cherished every moment he could spend in the company of the man he adored. But as George's alcoholism spiralled out of control, inebriation frequently led to violence and George's self-destruction spilled over onto his son. Vivid, deeply moving, brave and honest, Second Best is the heart-breaking story of their relationship. It is a powerful tale of love and heartache, of an absent father and his wayward son, and of a family torn apart by addiction and intemperance.
The ultimate encyclopedia of European soccer : the definitive illustrated guide to football in Europe
Total football
The mighty dynamo
Soccer speed
Foreign footballers’ integration challenges in Finland
The total package
¡Golazo! : a history of Latin American football
Jamie Vardy : from nowhere, my story
Who ate all the pies?
Messi, Neymar, Ronaldo : head to head with the world's greatest players
Fitness testing in football
Futebol nation : a footballing history of Brazil
World soccer : Helsinki
Mourinho : further anatomy of a winner
Can't I just kick it?
Final whistle
Messi : the inside story of the boy who became a legend
Four four two : Espoo
Effect of velocity power principle done strength endurance training for 54 wk training period to adolecent soccer players
World football stars : teams and players, facts and figures
Nutritional guide for young football players
Diego Costa : the art of war
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Fear and loathing in La Liga : Barcelona vs Real Madrid
A Life too short : the tragegy of Robert Enke
Play dirty
My turn : the autobiography
Gothic sports. 1
Suárez : The extraordinary story behind football's most explosive talent
Tunnel of love : football, fighting & failure : Newcastle United after the entertainers
What's Ukrainian for football?
Football school where football rules the world
Football mad
Hallowed
I think therefore I play
My life in football
Foreign players in the Finnish football league 1970-2010
The penalty
Unearthly
Ryan Giggs : the man for all seasons
101 great football payers : the best players in the game today
The Final Season : The Footballers Who Fought and Died in the Great War
Players
Coaching soccer : like Guardiola and Mourinho the concept of tactical periodization
Why always me? : the biography of Mario Balotelli, city's legendary striker
The great santa race
Four four two : e-lehti
Ronaldo : the obsession for perfection
The A to Z of football
Geoff Hurst's 50 greatest footballers of all time
La Roja : a journey through Spanish football
Effects of plyometric, SAQ and traditional training on sprint, agility, jumping passing and shooting performance in young soccer players
John Terry : captain, leader, champion
Thierry Henry : lonely at the top : a biography
Keane : The autobiography
How not to be a professional footballer
Wayne Rooney : boots of gold
Raining fire
A beautiful game : the world's greatest players and how soccer changed their lives
The best on the pitch - and on the plate : favourite recipes from the Finnish women's national team
Suárez : the extraordinary story behind football's most explosive talent
Andrea Pirlo : I think therefore I play
Being a pro footballer
Why always me? : the biography of Mario Balotelli, City's legendary striker
The exodus of African football players to clubs in Europe : Ghana as a case study
555 football facts: to wow your mates!
The football encyclopedia
Messi vs. Ronaldo : the greatest rivalry
Adapting to Finland through professional football : perceptions of players and coaches
Strength training for soccer
Soccer : a history of the world's most popular game
Alan Shearer
Football - bloody hell! : the biography of Alex Ferguson
World class
How football saved my life
Crossing the line : my story
Stillness and speed : my story
The official ITV sport Euro 2012 fact file : Euro 2012 stars : Euro 2012 action : Euro 2012 fun
Immortal : the biography of George Best
The world encyclopedia of football : a complete guide to the beautiful game
We're the dream team, right?
