http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1574 celebrations
celebrations special occasions
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
The book of new family traditions : how to create great rituals for holidays and every day
Sacred festivals
Arthur's birthday
How to be a domestic goddess : baking and the art of comfort cooking
The Jewish kitchen
Celebrations : a scrapbook of imaginative ideas for gala days
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
The hundred-year-old man who climbed out of the window and disappeared
Thoughts for buffets
Death of a blue blood : a novel
Cookie and the secret sleepover
Doris's brilliant birthday
Christianity
Brides. 2015 : April/May
Islam : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Thirteen guests
Xianggang huigui = Hong Kong's return to the motherland
Fiesta : days of the dead & other Mexican festivals
Party like a rock star : a celebrity party planner's tips and tricks for throwing an unforgettable bash
Social eats : food to impress your mates
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Celebrate : the art of the special occasion
Thug kitchen : party grub
An unexpected guest : a novel
Scandinavian holiday recipes : Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland &Iceland
When lonely Miss Spider tries to host a tea party, the other bugs refuse to come for fear of being eaten!
Toffee apple night
Brides. 2013 : January/February
Yokainoshima : island of monsters : Japanese folk rituals
Feng shui for the perfect wedding
Rock my wedding : your day, your way
Menus for gourmets
Security in Music Festivals and Concerts
Your London wedding. 2012 : Issue 26 November/December
Old Tom's guide to being good
The celeb next door
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 1
Wedding flowers & accessories. 2015 : May/June
The crocodile under the bed
The party fairies treasury
Princess in pink
Crayfish crown the summer
Let's party!
Explores the extraordinary ranges of masks, costumes and characters that are donned in agricultural and fishing communities throughout Japan to celebrate seasonal rites of fertility and abundance
Celebrate : a year of British festivities for families and friends
My first princess book
Vintage wedding style : more than 25 simple projects and endless inspiration for designing your big day
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
Entertaining at home
Judaism : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Handmade Christmas : over 35 step-by-step projects and inspirational ideas for the festive season
The Berenstain Bears and slumber party
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
I will not wear pink
For the bride : a guide to style and gracious living
The Very Messy Mermaid
Silver and the fairy ball
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 1
Charmed and dangerous : the rise of the Pretty Committee : the Clique prequel
Candlelight Christmas
The Newt in the suit
Goth Girl and the fete worse than death
Christianity : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
Maintaining loyalty, declaring continuity, legitimizing power : ludi saeculares of Septimius Severus as a manifestation of the golden age
Brides and setting up home : aikakauslehti
In a post-apocalyptic world, a sect of sun worshippers lives in a closed island community. Toby and Ayla have to infiltrate their temple to retrieve the equipment their ships need. Putting themselves forward to be chosen as the Sun and the Moon at the annual festival, Toby and Ayla discover that they cannot fail - the price of losing is the loss of their tongues. But there are other young couples who are equally desperate to win. The couples are pitted against each other in a series of challenges, including days without sleep, hours sitting in the blistering sun, and a deadly maze.
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 2
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 4
The busy brides bible : for planning a fabulous wedding, without the expensive cost of a wedding planner
Celebration!
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 4
Thanksgiving
Twist and hop, minibeast bop!
Your Perfect Wedding
Come out of your shell it's crayfish time
Gourmet cooking by the clock
Scaredy Squirrel prepares for for Halloween : a safety guide for scaredies
The night before
Gen zhao laolao qu liuwaner = Feast of treats for the high Summer days
The Croods : prehistoric party! : Wii
Betty Crocker birthdays
My mother's secret
Festivals and cultures
A million menus for dining and entertaining at home
Before we kiss
How to style your perfect wedding
How to wear white : a pocket book for the bride-to-be
Easter
Truly madly guilty
Evil Weasel
Let the games begin
Festivus : the holiday for the rest of us
Butterfly and the birthday surprise
Wedding flowers. 2012 : November/December
Muslim festivals through the year
The winter war
The festivals of Nepal
The perfect hostess cook book
A  fool's gold Christmas
How to spell Chanukah ... and other holiday dilemmas : 18 writers celebrate 8 nights of lights
School bus saves the day
Real weddings : a celebration of personal style
Simon and the bear : a Hanukkah tale
Upstairs at the party
Lanterns : the harvest festival
Rock in the East : Expectations Towards a Finnish Rock Festival in the Russian Context
Brides. 2015 : July/August
Diabetes holiday cookbook : year-round cooking for people with diabetes
Party food
Curious George and the pizza party
Matsuri : festivals of a Japanese town
Higurashi when they cry : Massacre arc. 2
Celebrations : Entertaining ideas for special occasions throughout the year
The tricks and treats of halloween!
Crime at Christmas
For the bride : summer 1997
Holiday cakes and cupcakes : 45 fondant designs for year-round celebrations
CARNIVAL
The Little book of Jewish celebrations
Business idea into reality : case : start-up company of gala dresses
The birthday party
Happy birthday, Old Bear
Baby showers  : original ideas for an unforgettable day
Cupcakes and cashmere at home
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
Miss Spider's tea party
The dinosaurs are having a party
The last word according to Alex
The twelve tasks of Flavia Gemina : a Roman mystery
Tapani Valkonen : professor of Demography
Phoenix burning
A curious invitation : the forty greatest parties in literature
Scandinavian feasts
A year of buddhist festivals
Forever princess
The great British bake off : children's party cakes & bakes : 70 recipes for a perfect children's party
Kaustinen folk music festival
Explanatory connections : electronic essays dedicated to Matti Sintonen
Party vegan : fabulous, fun food for every occasion
Foodfest 365! : the officially fun food holiday cookbook
The well laid table : how to entertain customers in style
Boo and Baa in a party mood
Entertaining
Holidays of the Bulgarians in myths and legends
Celebration : the book of Jewish festivals
Prom nights from hell
Perfect parties / the ultimate step-by-step guide
Smalĺs birthday treat
Lily Vanilli in... : a zombie ate my cupcake! : 25 deliciously weird cupcake recipes for Halloween and other spooky occasions
Noddy and the runaway cakes
The surprise party
The great village show
The unicorns of blossom wood. [2], Festival time
Night of the crayfish
Party fare
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
Dates and meanings of religious and other festivals : with a calendar for 1997-2000
The fantastic Mr Wani
Scary scenes for halloween
50 birthday cakes for kids
Debbie Brown's party cakes
Jack's little party
A dictionary of days
Launching a successful music festival
Five little monkeys bake a birthday cake
Entertaining at home : [inspiring recipes for all occasions]
Higurashi when they cry : Eye opening arc. 3
Higurashi when they cry : Atonement arc. 3
The dinosaurs are having a party!
First dice your dill (Anethum graveolens L.) : new methods and techniques in sample handling
Brides.  : winter 2013
Your pocket wedding planner : how to prepare for a wedding that's economical and fun
The people's jubilee
Zhongguo shi ge jiemu chuanshuo = Legends of ten Chinese traditional festivals
Finnish Family Celebrations- and Festival Venues in Vaasa
Successful party catering : for 20 to 2 000 persons
