http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15786 revolutions
revolutions
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
The Scarlet Pimpernel
Britain 1688 to 1815
Ashes of twilight
With Mare powerless as a prisoner of Maven Calore, the boy she once loved, her rebel Reds continue to organize and train as they prepare for war, while exiled prince Cal sets out to rescue Maven from captivity.
Doctor Zhivago
Wild cat : stories of the Cultural Revolution
The restoration game
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
The silent boy
The Russian anarchists
Red queen
The Great October Socialist Revolution
The German revolution 1918-1919
The Russian revolution 1900-1927
Fall of giants
The Venezuelan democratic revolution : a profile of the regime of Rómulo Betancourt
This book theorizes subversive action, a neglected mechanism in the new institutionalism literature. Subversive action is political in nature, secretly undermining some institutions to open up alternative ideas or to secure existing institutions by secretly undermining adversaries. An example is a politician who promises change in public, but does something else behind the scenes to preserve the status quo. The book addresses the nature and meaning of subversive action and the contexts that give rise to it, as well as how it can work as an important mechanism behind institutional change and continuity. The book will interest students and scholars of public policy, public administration and political science.
Philosophy of world revolution : a contribution to an anthology of theories of revolution
Dogs at the perimeter : a novel
A concise history of the Russian Revolution
Revolution and counter-revolution
Tale of two cities = Istorija dvuh gorodov [audiokniga]
Great revolutions compared : the search for a theory
The age of revolution 1789-1848
The diplomacy of the American revolution
Tinderbox : the past and future of Pakistan
The October Revolution
The coming of the Revolution 1763-1775
The revolution betrayed : what is the Soviet Union and where is it going?
Strategy for revolution
The plots to rescue the tsar
The fall of the Russian monarchy : a study of the evidence
A dictionary of modern revolution
The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923. Volume 1
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
The French revolution : a history
On revolution
The dawn of the Arab uprisings : end of an old order?
Greed and control : the history and content of the international anti-mercenary norm
1917 : before and after. [by] E. H. Carr
Children of the jacaranda tree
Defying the Iranian revolution : from a minister to the Shah to a leader of resistance
Political ideas of the American Revolution : Britannic-American contributions to the problem of imperial organization, 1765 to 1775
Social revolutions in the modern world
The French Revolution : a very short introduction
The American revolution
The ideological origins of the American Revolution
A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant
The French Revolution of 1870-1871
Death orders : the vanguard of modern terrorism in revolutionary Russia
EVE : the Empyrean age
The Gods are thirsty : a novel of the French revolution
Revolutionary Russia
The enlightenment idea of history as a legitimation tool of Kemalism in Turkey
A dogs's heart : a monstrous story
Selected works : [in twelve volumes]. Vol. 1, The prerequisites of the first Russian revolution (1894-1899)
"A young elemental mage named Iaolanthe Seabourne discovers her shocking power and destiny when she is thrown together with a deposed prince to lead a rebellion against a tyrant"
Revolution and world politics : the rise anf fall of sixth greay power
Ten days that shook the world
The boy who lost Fairyland
The Russian Revolution 1900-1927
The end of innocence
Transitions in herd management of semi-domesticated reindeer in northern Finland
Spies and Commissars : Bolshevik Russia and the West
Rebel of the sands
The anatomy of revolution
The Cuban revolution and the peasantry
The Russian revolution : the overthrow of tzarism and the triumph of the Soviets
Russia 1917 : the February revolution
The Algerian revolution : facts and prospects
French revolution : from enlightenment to tyranny
In 2011, the international community watched as citizens mobilized through the Internet and digital media to topple three of the world's most entrenched dictators: Ben Ali in Tunisia Mubarak in Egypt, and Qaddafi in Libya. This book examines not only the unexpected evolution of events during the Arab Spring but the longer history of desperate - and creative - digital activism through the Arab world.
The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923. Volume 2
The American Revolution : nationhood achieved 1763-1788
The burning sky
The origins of the Russian revolution 1861-1917
Under the hawthorn tree
The revolution of 1911 : by the Compilation Group for the "History of Modern China" series ; [transl.]
The second Arab awakening : and the battle for pluralism
Russia in revolution, 1890-1918
1776 : America and Britain at war
The French revolution
Revolution in Guinea : an African people's struggle : selected texts
Peasant wars of the twentieth century
The first and the fourth generation of revolutionary theories : a common ground for a clinical theory
The American revolution : the critical issues
Twentieth century Russia reader
Revolutionary Russia : new approaches
Khomeini's ghost
Ethiopia : the unknown revolution
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Castro and Cuba : from the revolution to the present
The Russian revolution 1917-1921. Vol. 1, [1917-1918: From the overthrow of the Czar to the assumption of power by the Bolsheviks]
States and social revolution : a comparative analysis of France, Russia, and China
Revolution : yearbook of the American Society or Political and Legal Philosophy
Ekaterinburg : the last days of the Romanovs
A fistful of dynamite
The history of the Russian revolution
Revolution : 500 years of struggle for change
Sandstorm : Libya in the time of revolution
Revolution in China
Animal farm and 1984
The Russian revolution 1917-1921
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Nostromo : a tale of the seaboard
Leaders of revolution
The Russian revolution : essays, photographs, and excerpts from classic works about the men and the ideas that shaped the most significant revolution of the 20th century
Mao and the Chinese revolution : with thirty-seven poems by Mao Tse-tung
A teaspoon of earth and sea
The first Russian revolution : its impact on Asia
A tale of two cities
Chains
Petrograd, october 1917 : reminiscences
Iran : a people interrupted
Theories of revolution : an introduction
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Drums and guns : revolution in Ulster
The coming american revolution
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
The rebel
The Russian revolutions
France and the Atlantic Revolution of the eighteenth century, 1770-1799
Revolutionary America : an interpretive overview
The Russian revolution : why did the Bolsheviks win?
Mistress of my fate
Causes and consequences of the American Revolution
Renaissance and revolution : the remaking of European thought
The English revolution 1688-1689
Cuba : My revolution
The revolution on balance
Farewell to revolution
Russia's second revolution : the February 1917 uprising in Petrograd
The Russian revolution and the Soviet State 1917-1921 : documents
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
Fusiliers : eight years with the Redcoats in America
The price of ransom
Marie-Thérèse : the fate of Marie Antoinette's daughter
Nostromo : a tale of the seabord
The American Revolution : how revolutionary was it?
Angola : a symposium views of a revolt
Che:  a graphic biography
Eighteen-fortyeight : the romantic and democratic revolutions in Europe
Eesti tee vabadusele = Estonia's way to freedom
The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923. Volume 3
Former people : the final days of Russian aristocracy
The causes of the American revolution
The concept of Islamic Republic : an analysis of the revolution in Iran
Modern revolutions : an introduction to the analysis of a political phenomenon
Revolutionary Cuba : the challenge of economic growth with equity
Handbook for the positive revolution
Subversion in institutional change and stability : a neglected mechanism
Revolution's shore
Samarkand : a novel
A new age now begins : a people's history of the American revolution. 2
Russia and the Greek revolution of 1843
The price of revolution
The American journal of Ambrose Serle : secretary to Lord Howe, 1776-1778
Red October : the Bolshevik Revolution of 1917
Why the revolution occurred and explores its legacy.
Road to revolution!
The Mexican Revolution, 1914-1915 : the Convention of Aquascalientes
Library of Congress Symposia on the American Revolution : the development of a revolutionary mentality : papers presented at the first symposium, May 5 and 6, 1972.
A Tale of Two Cities
The Russian Revolution
The Russian revolution
Revolution in history
Reminiscences of the Cuban Revolutionary War
Great issues in American history : from settlement to revolution, 1584-1776
Counterrevolution : how revolutions die
Without Marx or Jesus : the American revolution has begun
The people's train
St. Petersburg between the revolutions : workers and revolutionaries, June 1907-February 1917
The American journal of Ambrose Serle, secretary to Lord Howe, 1776-1778
Theories of revolution : From Marx to the first Russian revolution
Autopsy of revolution
King's cage
Red Queen
Democracy's fourth wave? : digital media and the Arab Spring
The house of the mosque
