http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15753 backup (copying)
backup (copying)
Oracle RMAN 11g backup and recovery
Backup and restore policy
Abstract.
Data backup and recovery, Mansoft BackMan application
Investigation of a suitable backup system for a control network
Linux Backup Software in C++
Handbook of network and system administration
Using SANs and NAS
Implementing Backup and Recovery : The Readiness Guide for the Enterprice
SQL server backup and recovery : tools and techniques
International IT governance : an executive guide to ISO 17799/ISO 27001
Backing up Windows
Abstract: Linux Backup Software in C++.
Establishing backup routine for test environment
Backup and recovery
Business continuity and disaster recovery for infosec managers
Creation of multimedia messaging system's backup and restore processes
The digital photographer's software guide
Implementation of a disaster recovery in a virtual environment
Oracle backup & recovery 101
Defeating the hacker : a non-technical guide to computer security
Pro data backup and recovery
The purpose of this thesis was to examine what would be the best combination of techniques to be used as a backup routine in a test environment with a predefined configuration. The study focused on the backup copying techniques, empirically testing of the properties of different techniques and on making conclusions based on the results of the tests. The study was carried out as a commission for a company. The research was carried out by first studying the theory of backup copying from previous researches. The second phase was to perform a series of empirical tests in the test environment setup by the employer. According to the tests, the differential incremental model should be favored over cumulative incremental model when backing up the researched environment. Based on the results differential incremental model with frequent full backups is very well suited for environments where most of the data changes regularly. The study concludes that running differential incremental backups with a reasonable cycle of full backups allows a good performance, efficient usage of storage and fast restores in case of disasters.
Network-attached storage for small companies : case: Design Foundation Finland
Security administrator street smarts : a real world guide to CompTIA Security+TM skills
