http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1579 object (linguistics)
object (linguistics)
Latvian learners and the object in Finnish
Free word order in Finnish : its syntax and discourse functions
Transitivity in Eastern Mansi : an information structural approach
The narcissistic/borderline couple : new approaches to marital therapy
The democracy of objects
Ergativity
Lexical conceptual structure and syntactic arguments
Objects : towards a theory of grammatical relations
On the encoding of transitivity-related features on the indirect object
Case selection for the direct object in Russian negative clauses. Part 2, Report on a statistical analysis
Genetic mapping of traits important in barley breeding
Object-verbal constructions in Uralic
Mother-infant psychotherapy groups among drug-abusing mothers : preventing intergenerational negative transmission
The "bizarre" valency behaviour of Finnish verb : how a specific context gives rise to valency alternation patterns [1]
Object-relations theory and clinical psychoanalysis
A licensing theory for Finnish
Origins of the doubled complement construction in the I. E. languages of Europe
Subject and object marking in Finnish : an inverted ergative system and an "ideal" ergative sub-system
Towards a construction approach to grammaticalization in prepositional objects
The object / edited by Antony Hudek
Grammatical roles and relations
Integrating the Vygotskian theory of sign-mediated activity and the British object relations theory
The object/predicative contrast and the analysis of "she made him a good wife"
Objects and information structure
Internal world and external reality : object relations theory applied
Essential papers on object relations
From subject to object. Case studies on Finnish
Speculative grace : Bruno Latour and object-oriented theology ; foreword by Levi E. Bryant
Abstract.
Papers from the Eleventh Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics. Vol. 1
Objectivization and subjectivization : a typology of voice systems
Non-canonical marking of subjects and objects
The battle of Maldon line 212.
Transitivity in Eastern Mansi : an Information structural approach
The dative and related phenomena
The object markers ba and jiang in modern literary Chinese
Object marking in the Ugric languages
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Beyond the control of God? : six views on the problem of God and abstract objects
Objects of all sorts : a philosophical grammar
The perfect crime
The indirect object in present-day English
The cognitive process of referring to an object : a comparative study of German and Swedish
The object in pre-predicative position in Swedish
"In many languages, the objects of transitive verbs are either marked by grammatical case or agreement on the verb, or they remain unmarked: this is differential object marking. This book is a cross-linguistic study of how differential object marking is affected by information structure, the structuring of the utterance in accordance with the informational value of its elements and contextual factors. Marked objects tend to be associated with old information or information that the sentence is about, while unmarked objects tend to express new information. The book also sheds light on grammatical patterning in languages with differential object marking: in some languages marked and unmarked objects have identical grammatical properties, whereas in other languages marked objects are more active in syntax. Finally, it provides a theory of the historical changes that lead to the emergence of various patterns of differential object marking"--Provided by publisher.
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
A typology of measures
Haptic Visuality : touching with the eyes / Laura U. Marks
Fetish : fashion, sex and power
The case of the object in Livonian : a corpus based study
Understanding adult attachment in family relationships : research, assessment and intervention
"This book offers a novel account of grace framed in terms of Bruno Latour's "principle of irreduction." It thus models an object-oriented approach to grace, experimentally moving a traditional Christian understanding of grace out of a top-down, theistic ontology and into an agent-based, object-oriented ontology. In the process, it also provides a systematic and original account of Latour's overall project. The account of grace offered here redistributes the tasks assigned to science and religion. Where now the work of science is to bring into focus objects that are too distant, too resistant, and too transcendent to be visible, the business of religion is to bring into focus objects that are too near, too available, and too immanent to be visible. Where science reveals transcendent objects by correcting for our nearsightedness, religion reveals immanent objects by correcting for our farsightedness. Speculative Grace remaps the meaning of grace and examines the kinds of religious instruments and practices that, as a result, take center stage."--Publisher's website
An application of construction grammar to the description of Finnish resultative sentences
"The concept of fetishism has recently assumed a growing importance in critical thinking about the cultural construction of sexuality. Yet until now no scholar with an in-depth knowledge of fashion history has studied the actual clothing fetishes themselves. Nor has there been a serious exploration of the historical relationship between fashion and fetishism, although erotic styles have changed significantly and "sexual chic" has become increasingly conspicuous." "Marshalling a dazzling array of evidence from pornography, psychology, and history, as well as interviews with individuals involved in sexual fetishism, sadomasochism, and cross-dressing, Steele illuminates the complex relationship between appearance and identity. Based on years of research, her book Fetish: Fashion, Sex & Power explains how a paradigm shift in attitudes toward sex and gender has given rise to the phenomenon of fetish fashion."
