http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1575 ecclesiastical year
ecclesiastical year church year
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. V, [Supplementary volume from A.D. 1773]
Eternity today : on the liturgical year. Vol. 2, Sunday, Lent, the three days, the Easter season, ordinary time
CIHEC Finnish National Commission : annual report 2007.
The services of the Christian year
Symbols of church : seasons & days
With all God's people : the new ecumenical prayer cycle : orders of service
The orthodox church
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. III, [July 26 - Oct. 14]
The Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church
World Council of Churches : yearbook. 2003, Address lists, Constitution and rules
What about to go to the Mass!
Holy-days and holidays : a treasury of historical material, sermons in full and in brief, suggestive thoughts, and poetry, relating to holy days and holidays
Aspects of the liturgical year in Cappadocia (325-430)
Daily prayer
Early Christian worship : a basic introduction to ideas and practice
The church's year : propers and seasonal rites
The cross stands, while the world turns : homilies for the cycles of the year
Catholic rites today : abridged texts for students
Augustine of Hippo (354-430) became known as the 'doctor of grace'. He developed his theory of divine grace mainly in his systematic treatises directed against the Pelagians (ca. 411-430). Did he however also preach about this complex, and at first sight 'demoralizing', issue in his sermons to the people? In his previous book (BSCH 59), Anthony Dupont studied the profile of the treatment of gratia in the anti-Pelagian sermones ad populum. In a Preacher of Grace Dupont offers an account of the presence of the theme of grace in Augustine's sermones not situated in the Pelagian controversy. He first studies sermons preached on important liturgical feasts, which belong to the (non-polemical) pastoral preaching genre. They are distributed throughout the 40 years of Augustine's preaching activity, and are Christological in content and moralising in intention. Secondly, he examines sermons situated in the Donatist controversy, preceding the anti-Pelagian sermons chronologically and differing from them in terms of content. This research provides a global picture of the presence and treatment of gratia in Augustine's sermones and clarifies the interaction between context, audience and preaching genre on the one hand, and the theme of grace as a whole on the other. It also contributes to the debate on (dis)continuity in Augustine's thought on grace.
The season of creation : a preaching commentary
Matkaraportit : : Matkaraportti LEKKJ:n (Lutherische Europäische Kommission Kirche und Judentum) vuosikokouksesta Bratislavassa 23.- 27.5 2013
Prayers for the Christian year
New handbook of pastoral liturgy
The Typicon of the Patriarch Alexis : the Studite: Novgorod - St. Sophia 1136
Come before God : in prayer and solemn feast
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 5, Liturgical time and space
A calendar of saints : the lives of the principal saints of the Christian year
Feasting on the Word : preaching the revised common lectionary. Year B, Volume 2, Lent through Eastertide
Sermons for the Christian year
The major feasts of the Orthodox Church
Espoo : a stop on the King's road
Walking on the Way : biblical signposts
Toward the origins of Christmas
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
The church year
Between memory and hope : readings on the liturgical year
The origins of the liturgical year
Dates and meanings of religious and other multi-ethnic festivals 2002-2005
An introduction to the church's liturgical year
A 12-step approach to the Sunday readings
The faith of the saints : a catechism
Preacher of grace : a critical reappraisal of Augustines doctrine of grace in his Sermones ad populum on liturgical feasts and during the Donatist controversy
The origins of feasts, fasts, and seasons in early Christianity
Facing east : a pilgrim's journey into the mysteries of Orthodoxy
Calendar and chronology, Jewish and Christian : biblical, intertestamental and patristic studies
The triumphant church. Vol. 1, A daily synaxarion of the Eastern Orthodox Church
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. II, [May 1 - July 25]
Intercession : a theological and practical guide
Koinonia : services and prayers = Liturgien und Gebete = services et prières = liturgias y oraciones
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. IV, [Oct. 15 - Dec. 31]
The lives of the fathers, martyrs and other principal saints. Vol. I, [Jan. 1 - April 30]
The Promise of His glory : services and prayers for the season from All Saints to Candlemas
Eternity today : on the liturgical year. Vol. 1, On God and time, Advent, Christmas, Epiphany, Candlemas
Churchly joy : Orthodox devotions for the church year
Greeting to his holiness pope John Paul II, January 15, 2005.
A prayer book of Catholic devotions : praying the seasons and feasts of the church year
