http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p157 study material
study material
Microsoft Office Specialist Excel 2003 : study guide
Grammar in focus : a differentiated teacher's EFL material for the 4th grade
Preparing for blended e-learning
Music of our world : Ireland : songs and activities for classroom and community
New basic Italian
Move. Pre-intermediate coursebook with CD-ROM
Where do these rails go? : drama in education in practising fluency for upper secondary school English students
Video programmes as learning tools : teaching the gas laws and behaviour of gases in Finnish and Canadian senior high schools
The secret garden : a reading material package
The academy collection for trumpet
Brush up your grammar : a teaching material package for a prepatory course of English
Some principal results of the studies carried out in the research project on instructional material
New proficiency passkey  : Class CDs
A geography of Finland
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
English reading comprehension : technical sciences. 4, Wordlists
Intelligent grammar : a task-based grammar revision package for Grade 9
Recorder from the beginning : Blues, rags & boogies : Pupil's book
Fundamentals for the aspiring musician : A Preparatory course for music theory : An interactive e-text
Mastering classic favorites. 1
Teaching English as a lingua franca : a material package for intercultural communication
Open road. Course 2
Grooving 'n' moving English : a material package for language showering in sports focused kindergarten
New proficiency passkey : teacher's book
Cutting edge : using the media to enrich the teaching of oral skills
Exploiting children's literature in EFL teaching from the different learners' point of view : a differentiated teaching material package for fourth graders
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Have a break, move and learn better : a material package for introducing more kinaesthetic exercises into upper secondary school English classes
Museum of London : activity guide : things to find, questions, activities, lots of interesting things to do at home
Somali studies : reference materials for teachers
Selected heat conduction problems in thermomechanical treatment of steel
Learning English! : a material package for dyslexic 7th graders in English as a foreign language classrooms
EU-area : policy, financial and legal issues
Tyranny of the textbook : an insider exposes how educational materials undermine reforms
Open road. Course 3
I used to play piano : for adults returning to the piano
Finnish for foreigners. 1
Do it yourself : a material package for encouraging self-direction in upper secondary school language learning
New basic Spanish
Lessons and activities in American sign language
40 intermediate snare drum solos for concert performance
WebALT 2006 Proceedings : first WebALT conference and exhibition : January 5-6, 2006 Technical University of Eindhoven, Netherlands
Lesson plan and course material organisation
Exploring co-creation of educational videos in an international collaborative context
Learning objects in education : making videos as an international co-operation
Magic beans : a material package for teaching English through storytelling and creative drama in primary school
Research on preparing inservice teachers to work effectively with emergent bilinguals
A way with words : vocabulary development activities for learners of English. Book 1
The Boosey brass method : horn in F. Keyboard accompaniment
Experiments to teach ecology : a project of the Education Committee of the Ecological Society of America
One, two, buckle your shoe : numbering system in ASL
Just for kids not! : classics
Passport to English 2 : : opettjan opas
Language through music. Book 3 : an essential companion for early learning and teachning of English as a foreign language
In recent years, technological advancements have enabled higher-learning institutions to offer millions of independent learners the opportunity to participate in open-access online courses. As this practice expands, drawing considerable media attention, questions continue to arise regarding pedagogical methodology and the long-term viability of open learning. Furthering Higher Education Possibilities through Massive Open Online Courses seeks to provide a space for discussion of MOOCs: what they mean for the learning process, how they are redefining the concept of a classroom, and what effects they may have on the role of teachers. Featuring emerging research on a variety of topics relating to distance education, informal learning, as well as educational costs and funding, this book is aimed at teachers, administrators, business professionals, and designers of both curricular resources and e-classroom technology.
Positive approaches to palliative care : a workbook to support the palliative care optional units of the certificates in working with people who have learning disabilities
Music theory in the real world : a practical guide for today's musicians
Theoretical background and development of instructional materials
Web course design with topic-case driven methodology
Econometric analysis : solutions manual
Abstract: Compilation of the Learning Material for Education in Vocational Qualification in Audiovisual Communications in North Karelian College Outokumpu.
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish : lisämateriaalia opettajalle
Take a shower! : a teacher's handbook for language showering in English
Student mobility in a digital world : final report of the VICTORIOUS project
Introduction to structured query language version 4.66
Study guide to accompany Kathleen Stassen Berger's The developing person through the life span, seventh ed
The academy collection for flute
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Instructional materials : an introduction for teachers
More music of our world : multicultural songs and activities for classroom & community
It's a musical world : multicultural collection of songs, dances and fun facts
In touch. Course 8 : Earthbeat / Mikael Davies ... [et al.]
Xhosa music: It's techniques and instruments, with a collection of songs
The role of information and communication technologies (ICTs) within an educational bilingual programme in Finland : a case study under CLIL approach perception
Around the world in four senses : a teaching material package for a high school culture course
Using movies in EFL teaching : the point of view of teachers
You can read music
I know why the caged bird sings
Culture Café. Book 5
Open and distance learning : developing learning opportunities in the teacher education in Nepal
English as a lingua franca : a material package for an optional course in the Finnish comprehensive school
An English language club on global education for 6th graders : a teacher's handbook
Kielenoppija tänään = Language learners of today
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany entertainment marketing & communication : selling branded performance, people, and places
Technik des Oboenspiels : eine Sammlung des gebräuchlichsten Übungsmaterials zur Bewältigung blastechnischer Probleme = The technique of oboe playing : a collection of the most common practical exercises for mastering problems of wind technique
Teaching concepts : an instructional design guide
Passport to English. 1 : [Hop on!] / opiskelijan CD
Doing business in NAFTA : area studies program (ASP) : readings and cases for 26C420
Culture Café. Book 8
Open road. Course 4
Designing usable texts
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
Strategic management for forest industries : lectures and readings for 26C150
Way to go : update your English : opiskelijan äänite
80 graded studies for clarinet. Book two (51-80)
Culture Café. Book 4
Pat and Polly : passport to Finland : opiskelijan CD
The intriguing human being : a cooperative CLIL material package for teaching human anatomy and senses through English in elementary school
Practice first : basic grammar for business
Rituals, myth and art for English language class : cultural meanings in foreign language teaching : interpretive anthropological and sociocultural perspectives
Writers' handbook for the development of educational materials
Considering individual differences in computer-supported special and elementary education
Interactive writing : an advanced course in writing skills. Student's book
CompTIA security+ study guide
Basic German : a grammar and workbook
Common knowledge about Chinese geography = Zhongguo dili changshi
Japanese for busy people. 3
Passport to English. 1 : [Hop on!]
The Time Machine : a material package for using fiction in foreign language teaching
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
One, two, buckle your shoe : numbering system in ASL workbook
The Boosey brass method : trumpet/cornet in B. Keyboard accompaniment
Teaching primary history : key stages 1 and 2
Colloquial Spanish of Latin America 2 : the next step in language learning
Taking advantage of media : a manual for parents and teachers
Experiencing life together : a cooperative CLIL course on social psychology
Literacy in language teaching : a task-based material package for the 6th grade
New headway : elementary : workbook with key
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals : study guide
Kitchen - a fascinating classroom : home economics as contextualized content for CLIL class, a material package
Classics to jazz. Highlights
Process drama as a way of teaching oral skills : a material package
Once upon a time : perceptual learning styles in empowering EFL learners : a task-based teaching material package
Open road. Course 7
New headway English course : elementary. Teacher's book
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
CLIL teachers as materials designers
New proficiency gold
Client side collaboration of eLearning platform and integrated development environment
Exploring primary school sex education in Greece : policies and praxis
Producing teaching materials : a handbook for teachers and trainers
The world is your oyster! : a material package for teaching handcrafts through CLIL
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Harmonic foundation for jazz & popular music : a keyboard approach
On a journey towards a writing habit : a material package for upper secondary school
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Authentic texts as cultural mirrors : a handbook for English teachers
Rossija: den segodnjašni : teksty i upražnenija = Present-day Russia : texts and exercises
Furthering higher education possibilities through massive open online courses
Music theory in the real world : A practical guide for today's musicians
A Young Person's Guide to : Music
Teaching the pronunciation of English as an international language : suggestions for constructing a syllabus for Finnish learners
Next step : piano work-outs
Essentials of online course design : a standards-based guide
Colloquial Italian : the complete course for beginners
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Rights and responsibilities : global education for upper secondary school
Where should I begin ? How could I develop? : a handbook for teachers in general education to implement work life and entrepreneurship in their daily practices
Arts & crafts : a manual for teachers in Namibia
Virtual ChemLab : problems and assignments for the virtual laboratory 2.5
Who were the Romans?
Abstract: The project goal was to provide the PHP software programming course materials, for a company called Viope Solutions Oy and to develop an Eclipse plug-in for the collaboration of Eclipse editor and their server. In this paper, the concept of E-learning system is briefly discussed, and the company's current system is also demonstrated along with the PHP course material that was developed for it. Demonstrating a plug-in that was developed for facilitating this system is also the other purpose. The development of plug-in was proved to be of great importance, because it helps users of this system to use the widely used Eclipse editor to perform programming exercises. The application, therefore, should improve the popularity of the company and increase their efficiency. The proposed solution is based on our experience as students on the editor and on the fact that it is a well known one. By the help of this project, it was proved that it is possible to integrate the Eclipse editor with the current system by developing a plug-in for it, which in turn yields a great result.
Preparing materials for open, distance and flexible learning : an action guide for teachers and trainers
Development of virtual learning material
Qiáo. II = Silta. II = Bridge. II : Chūj́ı zhōngwén xuéx́ı = Kiinankielen peruskurssi = Higher basic Chinese
Start talking! : a communicative material package for the upper secondary school oral English course
Thou shalt not write about... : a study of taboo content in Finnish EFL textbooks for upper secondary school
Product development and international team management : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Interactive open educational resources : a guide to finding, choosing and using what's out there to transform college teaching
As time goes by : 200 years of Finlands history
New headway. Pre-intermediate : class audio CDs
The educational potential of e-portfolios : supporting personal development and reflective learning
Multilateral evaluation of history and social studies teaching material
Culture Café. Book 6
Reusable digital learning material production
Lesson plan and course material organization
Book alone is not enough : enriching printed learning material with  digital mobile technology
Teach yourself Finnish : a complete course for beginners
Teaching patients with low literacy skills
SBAR : Tool for Quality Reporting for Nursing Students
Critical incidents as a training tool for Finnish exchange students going to The United States
Teachers' beliefs about learning and language as reflected in their views of teaching materials for Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL)
The academy collection for alto saxophone
"Natural, unmodified, meaningful, motivating and real" : authentic learning materials and authentic learning defined by fl teachers and teacher students
Wake up : a peace reader
Thirty-five lesson formats : a sourcebook of instructional alternatives
Violin popular tunes : easy violin with piano accompaniment
The following paper introduces an innovative international collaboration in teacher education held in 2014. This event, described as an educational video challenge, was organized as a 72 hour, hackathon-style educational experience in which university-level students worked together in teams to co-create educational videos. The objective of the challenge event was to encourage teacher students to explore the design and use of educational videos for use in their teaching practice. The challenge was simultaneously held at three universities in Finland, Austria and Germany and culminated in the screening of completed student-generated videos. The majority of videos produced during the event were trigger videos, while findings from a preliminary assessment conducted with participants suggest that an educational video challenge format shows promise as an effective method for enhancing skills associated with teaching through video and engaging participants in dialogue connected to practice.
Virtual courses on sustainable development in Baltic universities : considerations and recommendations for action
The academy collection for violin
Human factors
Between 1990 and 2010, the English language learner (ELL) population in U.S. schools grew by 80 percent. While the highest concentration of English language learners, now more commonly referred to as emergent bilinguals (EBLs) remains in the traditional immigrant destination states of California, Texas, New York, Florida, Illinois, and New Jersey, in all 50 states there are growing numbers of emergent bilinguals. Interest in these learners has encouraged research and publications, but most of this research has centered on the students themselves and the politics surrounding their education. Publications featuring the research of teacher educators preparing teachers to work with EBLs in schools are much needed. Teacher educators must know how to help inservice teachers provide effective instruction to the increasing number of linguistically diverse students in the schools.
New house for little mouse = Novyi dom dlja Myški
"In Tyranny of the Textbook, a retired educational director, gives a fascinating look behind-the-scenes of how K-12 textbooks are developed, written, adopted, and sold. Readers will come to understand why all the reform efforts have failed. Most importantly, the author clearly spells out how the system can change so that reforms and standards have a shot at finally being effective".
Japanese for professionals
The academy collection for clarinet
The Boosey woodwind method : saxophone : repertoire book B : with keyboard accompaniment
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT, theory & practice
Cram 101 textbook outlines to accompany Cross-cultural psychology: contemporary themes and perspectives
Evaluation of some Bulgarian foreign language teaching materials : consulting services for foreign language training upgrading in Bulgarian schools : report of stage 2.
