http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15784 Shi'ism
Shi'ism
The world is my home : a Hamid Dabashi reader
Visualizing belief and piety in Iranian Shiism
The rising of al-Ḥusayn : its impact on the consciousness of Muslim society
Shi'ite Islam : polity, ideology, and creed
The Aga Khan case : religion and identity in colonial India
"As recent events indicate, Iranian, Middle Eastern, and Islamic politics more broadly have been deeply influential in world affairs. Hamid Dabashi has been a highly visible and prominent commentator on these affairs, explaining, interpreting, and providing a critical perspective. This volume gathers together his most influential and insightful writings." "As one of the foremost contemporary public intellectuals and scholars of our time, Dabashi's interests and writings span subjects ranging from Islamic philosophy and political ideology to Iranian art and Persian literature, from Sufism and Orientalism to Iranian and world cinema and contemporary Arab and Muslim visual arts; and from postcolonial theory and globalization to imprialism and public affairs. There is a direct connection between his theoretical innovations and the angle of his public interventions on the urgent global issues of the day. This book brings together some of his most important writings, especially those that offer new ways of understanding Islam, Iran, Islamist ideology, global art, and the condition of global modernity. The book shows the underlying conceptual themes that unify Dabashi's wide-ranging and brilliantly insightful corpus." "Dabashi combines deep knowledge of the subject matter about which he writes, and highly refined sociological, hermeneutical, and cultural interpretive skills, moving far beyond the limiting, distored, and intellectually stifling character of reigning absolutist conventions. He places existing authoritative frameworks under close scrutiny in order to produce novel and penetrating insights. These essays reflect historical and geographical worlds that are best viewed when Hamid Dabashi's work is read as a whole, which this one-volume work makes possible for the first time."--BOOK JACKET.
The emergence of modern Shi'ism : Islamic reform in Iraq and Iran
Converting Persia : religion and power in the Safavid Empire
The Shi'is of Iraq : with a new introduction by the author
Iran and Iraq : religion, war, and geopolitics
The dynamics of Sunni-Shia relationships : doctrine, transnationalism, intellectuals and the media
The caliph and the heretic : Ibn Sabaʻ and the origins of Shiʻism
Isma'ili modern : globalization and identity in a Muslim community
A new perspective on the previously ignored history of the Shiites as a constituent of Lebanese society.
"This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syria as it stands at the crossroads of political, social and religious fragmentation"--
Sacred space and holy war : the politics, culture and history of Shi'ite Islam
The lovers : love and vengeance in Afganistan : a true story
Shi'ism : a religion of protest
An enchanted modern : gender and public piety in Shi`i Lebanon
Roman Catholics and Shiʻi Muslims : prayer, passion, and politics
The Shiites of Lebanon under Ottoman rule, 1516-1788
"This book investigates the manner in which the Qur®an and sunna depict female personalities in their narrative literature. Providing a comprehensive study of all the female personalities mentioned in the Qur®an, the book is selective in the personalities of the sunna, examining the three prominent women of Ahl al-Bayt; Khadija, Fatima, and Zaynab. Analysing the major sources of Imami Shi°i Islam, including the exegetical compilations of the eminent Shi°i religious authorities of the classical and modern periods, as well as the authoritative books of Shi°i traditions, this book finds that the varieties of female personalities are portrayed as human beings on different stages of the spiritual spectrum. They display feminine qualities, which are often viewed positively and are sometimes commendable traits for men, at least as far as the spiritual domain is concerned. The theory, particularly regarding women's humanity, is then tested against the depiction of womanhood in the hadith literature, with special emphasis on Nahj al-Balagha. Contributing a fresh perspective on classical materials, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Islamic Studies, Women's Studies and Shi°i Studies"--
Deciphering the meaning of revealed law : the Surūshian paradigm in Shi'i epistemology
Iraqi women in Denmark : ritual performance and belonging in everyday life
Female personalities in the Qur'an and Sunna : examining the major sources of Imami Shi'i Islam
The Shi'a worlds and Iran
Qura'nic studies and Shi'a exegesis : a student's guide. Vol. 1
Apocalyptic Islam and Iranian Shi'ism
Understanding Iran : everything you need to know, from Persia to the Islamic Republic, from Cyrus to Ahmadinejad
The divine guide in early Shiʻism : the sources of esotericism in Islam
Shi'ism : doctrines, thought, and spirituality
The spirituality of Shi'i Islam : beliefs and practices
The art and material culture of Iranian Shi'ism : iconography and religious devotion in Shi'i Islam
Early philosophical Shiism : the Ismaili Neoplatonism of Abū Yaʻqūb al-Sijistānī
The heirs of the prophet : charisma and religious authority in Shiʻite Islam
Islamic legal orthodoxy : twelver Shiite responses to the Sunni legal system
The Shi'a in modern South Asia : religion, history and politics
The study Quran : a new translation and commentary
""Explores various Shi'i communities across South Asia, revealing the many forms of Shi'i religion within this important region, and examining the responses of these communities to the many transformations of the modern world"--Provided by publisher" -- Provided by publisher.
"While Syria has been dominated since the 1960s by a determinedly secular regime, the uprising that began there in 2011 has raised many questions about the role of Islam in the country's politics. This book, which is based on the author's extensive fieldwork in Syria's mosques and schools and on interviews with local Muslim scholars, is the first comprehensive study of the country's little-known religious scene and its most influential actors, the ulama. It demonstrates that with the eradication of the Muslim Brothers after the failed insurrection of 1982, Sunni men of religion became the only voice of the Islamic trend in the country. Through educational programs, the establishment of charitable foundations, and their deft handling of tribal and merchant networks, they took advantage of popular disaffection with secular ideologies to increase their influence over society. In recent years, with the Islamic resurgence, the Alawi-dominated Ba'athist regime was compelled to bring the clergy into the political fold. This ambiguous relationship was exposed in 2011 by the division of the Sunni clergy between regime supporters, bystanders, and opponents. This book affords an entirely new perspective on Syrian society as it stands at the crossroads of political and social fragmentation"--
Principles of Islamic jurisprudence : according to Shiʻi law
Attends to the explosive conflicts in the Middle East with an abiding attention to historical facts, cultural forces, religious convictions, literary and artistic nuances, and metaphysical details. This book exposes the soul of Shi'ism as a religion of protest. It offers readers a history of a world religion.
Sectarian gulf : Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and the Arab Spring that wasn't
Khomeini : life of the Ayatollah
Religion and state in Syria : the Sunni Ulama from coup to revolution
Qura'nic studies and Shi'a exegesis : a student's guide. Vol. 2
Sectarian identities or geopolitics? : the regional Shia-Sunni divide in the Middle East
The martyrs of Karbala : Shi'i symbols and rituals in modern Iran
Islamic ecumenism in the 20th century : the Azhar and Shiism between rapprochement and restraint
Modern Islamic political thought : the response of the Shī'ī and Sunnī Muslims to the twentieth century
