http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15722 gypsum
gypsum
The sculptor's Bible : the all-media reference to surface effects and how to achieve them /John Plowman
Conservation of plasterwork : a guide to the principles of conserving and repairing historic plasterwork
Easy sculpted foam for your home : 25 fantastic and fun accent pieces
Mold making for ceramics
Pompeian plasters : buildings in Regiones I, V, Vi, VII and IX
Simulated effects of gypsum amendment on phosphorus losses from agricultural soils
Figure sculpture in wax and plaster
Plaster : creative plasterwork in 25 beautiful projects
Gypsum amendment of soils reduces phosphorus losses in an agricultural catchment
Plaster casts : making, collecting, and displaying from classical antiquity to the present
Encyclopedia of sculpting techniques
Decorative plasterwork at Voltveti Manor : sustainable heritage report no. 6
3D art lab for kids : 32 hands-on adventures in sculpture and mixed media
Decorative plasterwork : repair and restoration
Models and prototypes
Textile perspectives in mixed-media sculpture
We applied gypsum (CaSO4×2 H2O) amendments to 100 m² plots within two clay-textured fields, one under shallow cultivation to 10 cm depth and the other ploughed to 20 cm depth. Unamended plots and plots subjected to a CaCO3 (finely ground limestone) application served as controls. Separate soil monoliths (30 cm in diameter, 40 cm in depth) were collected for laboratory rainfall simulations from all plots 7, 19 and 31 months after the initial application of the amendments. Water passed through the monoliths during these simulations was analysed for turbidity, dissolved and particulate phosphorus (DRP and PP), nitrogen species, dissolved organic carbon (DOC), as well as dissolved Ca²⁺, Mg²⁺, K⁺ and S, pH, and electrical conductivity (EC). Over the three-year monitoring period, gypsum amended soils exhibited substantial decreases in turbidity (45%), PP (70%), DRP (50%) and DOC (35%) relative to control samples. The effects gradually decreased with time, and after 31 months gypsum effects on P species were detectible, but no longer statistically significant. We consider gypsum amendments as a potential tool for slowing P loss from agricultural areas with high P loss potential.
Sculpture as experience : working with clay, wire, wax, plaster, and found objects
Plasterwork : 100 period details from the archives of Country Life
Abstract.
Sculpture with simple materials
Materials : a directory for home design
The making of sculpture : the materials and techniques of European sculpture
The materials of sculpture
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
The effects of gypsum on the transfer of phosphorus and other nutrients through clay soil monolithss
Plastering : plain and decorative
Method of removing/preventing gypsum precipitation in industrial pipes
Plastering plain and decorative
We estimated the changes in the losses of particulate and dissolved phosphorus (P) after treating 93 ha of agricultural  fields with gypsum (4 t ha -1) in a 245 ha catchment in southern Finland. Runoff was monitored using online  sensors and manual sampling during one high-flow period before and six periods after the gypsum amendment.  Turbidity recorded by the sensors correlated with particulate P analysed in the laboratory, which enabled  the evaluation of changes in particulate P from the online data. Using a covariance model, gypsum amendment  was estimated to have reduced the loss of particulate P by 64%. The loss of dissolved reactive P appeared to decrease  by one third, but was estimated with less precision. No such changes were found during the same period  in a nearby "reference" catchment, where gypsum was not used. Gypsum did not affect soil test values for P, K, Mg  or Ca, but it did increase the ionic strength and soil test SO₄. In clayey catchments discharging into the sea, gypsum  may provide an efficient means to reduce P losses from field cultivation. The duration of the gypsum effect and  impact of SO₄ associated with gypsum amendment on the ecology of rivers and lakes has yet to be determined.
Microbial growth on plasterboard and spore-induced cytotoxicity and inflammatory responses in vitro
The effect of gypsum on phosphorus losses at the catchment scale
Management of gypsiferous soils
This study analyzes the economic feasibility of gypsum amendment as a means to reduce particulate and dissolved phosphorus loads from arable areas. To this end, an optimization model is developed that includes gypsum amendment as well as matching phosphorus fertilization to crop need and the level of soil phosphorus reserves as phosphorus load mitigation measures, with soil phosphorus reserves measured by soil test phosphorus (STP). The optimal extent of gypsum amendment is then determined simultaneously with optimal fertilization use as a function of field STP level. The results indicate that whether or not gypsum amendment is economically feasible depends on field erosion susceptibility and STP level. When accounting for the costs and benefits to the society on the whole, gypsum treatment suits best to mitigation of phosphorus losses from soils with excessively high phosphorus reserves; once a threshold STP level is reached, gypsum amendment is optimally given up. This threshold level depends on field slope and on society's willingness to pay for water quality.
Creative craft workshop : over 100 practical and achievable step-by -step craft projects for every home, using simple paper, wood, fabric, mosaic, bead, painting and tinwork skills
Plaster mold and model making
Ceramics : a potter's handbook
Recent trends in gypsum research
Census of India 1961. Volume 10, pt. VII-A, 2. Maharashtra. Handicrafts in Maharashtra. Clay images of Ganapati and images of plaster of Paris
Our objective was to incorporate the effects of gypsum on phosphorus (P) losses into the field-scale ICECREAM model and to simulate the treatment of 93 ha of clayey soil with gypsum in a catchment located in southern Finland. In addition to the gypsum effects, a macropore flow description was added to ICECREAM. First, a sensitivity analysis was performed for the new macropore parameters, retrieved from a literature survey. After this, the model was calibrated for a reference period by setting of the macropore parameters to correspond to the P losses observed in the catchment experiment. Next, the effect of gypsum was added to the model in line with laboratory and field experiments that suggested decreased P losses and changed hydraulic properties of the soil. Finally, the modified model was verified for four seasons after the gypsum amendment in the catchment experiment. The model was able to simulate the P losses in three out of the four seasons. According to the simulations, gypsum reduced total P losses by 44%. Although the effect of gypsum on P and erosion is a complex process, our relatively simple modifications to the ICECREAM model described the impact with reasonable accuracy. However, to increase confidence in the performance of the model, it should be tested under other environmental conditions.
Gypsum plaster : its manufacture and use
The technique of casting for sculpture
Gypsum treatment in managing the internal phosphorus load from sapropelic sediments : experiments on Lake Laikkalampi, Finland
Casts, splints, and support bandages : nonoperative treatment and perioperative protection
Gypsum amendment as a means to reduce agricultural phosphorus loading : an economic appraisal
Creative plasterwork
Walls & molding : how to care for old and historic wood and plaster
Gypsum treatment in managing internal load from sediments of eutrophied lakes
The prop builder's molding & casting handbook
Forearm shaft fractures in children
The effects of calcium for retention chemicals
Conservation of plasterwork
