http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15738 water quality
water quality
Comparison of different sampling strategies in monitoring zoobenthos and classification of archipelago areas
An analysis of the current state of large lakes in Europe and North America
Ecological state of Lake Ladoga : problems of assessing and diagnosing of the anthropogenic impact
Pasvik Water Quality until 2013 : Environmental Monitoring Programme in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian Border Area
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 4, Ennuste vesistöjen veden laadusta 1980-luvun alussa : Forecast state of the water bodies at the beginning of the 1980s
Finland possesses 72 waterway systems of over 200 square kilometres in size. The five largest of them account for the majority of the country's surface area. Furthermore, there are almost 188,000 lakes of more than five ares in size. Altogether 9.9 percent of the surface area consists of water. The lakes have been created over the last 10,000 years or so, either through the emergence of their basins from beneath the ice sheet of the last glaciation or, in most cases, through isolation from the Baltic basin. In this article, the post-glacial history of the main watercourses and lake basins in Finland and the effects of recent human activity on them and on the quality of their water are examined.On account of the uneven pattern of land uplift, most of the large waterway systems, such as the Saimaa, Päijänne, Näsijärvi, and Puula watercourses of the Lake District, have altered their outflow in the course of time, some of them more than once. The majority of these hydrological changes took place in the interval 8500-4500 BP. In the case of Lake Oulujärvi and Lake Vanajavesi, a transgression that has been going on for thousands of years has led to rises in water level of as much as 10-15 metres. In the case of Lake Höytiäinen, uncontrolled erosion of the outflow channel in connection with an effort at lowering the water level led to a sudden drop of almost ten metres. Elsewhere, the changes in outflow channels meant that the main watershed in the Lake District shifted up to 300 kilometres in a SE-NW direction. Meanwhile, human activity has led to the total or partial drainage of about 3,000 lakes in different parts of the country. About four-fifths of the inland water area in Finland is of good or excellent water quality and only five percent is of moderate or poor quality.
Mathematical modelling of flow and transport as link to impacts in multidiscipline environments
Water treatment equipment for hemodialysis applications
The management of water quality and irrigation technologies
This thesis includes the water quality assessment and sanitary inspection of 27 water sources in four districts namely Kavre, Rasuwa, Ramechhap and Chitwan in the Central region of Nepal. All the relevant information was collected and review by Environment and Public Health Organization (ENPHO), Nepal with the help of its support organization. Altogether four different groups were formed, which would visit fields and carry out water quality testing. Altogether 18 physico-chemical parameters were tested and those parameters are pH, temperature, electrical conductivity, turbidity, appearance, color, dissolved solids, suspended solids, alkalinity, bicarbonate, chloride, total hardness, calcium hardness, magnesium hardness, nitrate, ammonia, iron and manganese. Similarly, bacteriological parameter included the detection of the indicator bacteria, faecal coliform. Besides, Langlier saturation index was calculated for determining scale formation and corrosion potential.  Sanitary inspection was conducted for each water source in order to find out about the possible sources of contamination, if any.  Physico-chemical parameters were analyzed by HANA and ENPHO field kits. Faecal coliform analysis was carried out by membrane filtration method by using Del Agua field kit. Langlier saturation index was determined by calculation method and was based on the parameters like pH, temperature, calcium hardness and alkalinity. For sanitary inspection a standard form was developed and filled, which also included a check list to identify possible pollution sources. Risk levels have been assigned to each water source and there are four risk classes namely no risk, low risk, intermediate risk and high risk. Each source falls in one of the four categories based on the results obtained from physico-chemical analysis; bacteriological analysis, saturation analysis and Sanitary inspection. The results will be discussed in the details which show that there are no risks at all.
Four years' observations for the modelling of Lake Haukivesi, eastern Finland
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the effects of nutrient enrichment in the Baltic Sea region
Veden laatu : sähkönjohtavuuden määritys = Vattenkvalitet : bestämning av elektrisk konduktivitet = Water quality : determination of electrical conductivity
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Water quality : evaluation of the "ultimate" anaerobic biodegradability of organic compounds in digested sludge : method by measurement of the biogas production : international standard = Qualité de l'eau : évaluation de la biodégradabilité anaérobie "ultime" des composés organiques dans les boues de digesteurs : méthode par mesurage de la production de biogaz
Modelling the lake response to an external phosphorus load
A model study of water quality retrieval algorithms for Lake Ladoga using simulated Sea WiFS data
Water quality prediction for river basin management
Water supply and pollution control
Analytical methods for drinking water : advances in sampling and analysis
Suomen vesistöjen käyttökelpoisuus 1970-luvun lopussa = Usability of the Finnish water courses in the end of the 1970.
Engineering approaches for lake management. Vol. 2, Mechanistic modeling
Water quality of southern Lake Saimaa and River Vuoksi, as described by numerical quantity indices
A study on the characteristic features of water pollution in the Liao River, China
Valuation of environmental and societal trade-offs of renewable energy sources
Risk analysis of water pollution
The assessment of ecosystem state in Lake Ladoga using incomplete and non-numerical information
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
Drinking water : a history
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
Contributions of diffuse and point sources to the phosphorus loads in the River Main over a 22-year period
Water recycling and resource recovery in industry : analysis, technologies and implementation
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
Membrane technology in water and wastewater treatment
Kymijoen vesistön yläosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunitelma : käyttökelpoisyysluokitus vedenhankintaa varten = classification of usability for water supply
Remote sensing of water quality for Finnish lakes and coastal areas
This report provides an accessible resource on the state of the world's fresh, coastal, and marine waters and how water usage and social, economic, and environmental factors are related. The 40 color graphics, together with maps and accompanying texts, illustrate how the quantity, quality, and availability of fresh and marine waters play a major role in determining levels and patterns of poverty, land degradation, pollution, sanitation, health, and rural and urban development worldwide. In addition, they show water trends with examples from the past two decades, revealing present trends and addressing potential future scenarios. Includes a CD-ROM version. Presented in a four-ring binder (10.25x12.5").  Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR.
State of fish stock in Lake Ilmen
How to assess and monitor ecological quality in freshwaters
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
Hindcasting baseline values for water colour and total phosphorus concentration in lakes using sedimentary diatoms : implications for lake typology in Finland
Hydrological and limnological aspects of lake monitoring
Freshwater management : global versus local perspectives
Improvement of the water quality in lakes, ponds and reservoirs by measures of rehabilitation and restoration
Design of water quality monitoring systems
Water quality : determination of the chloride : silver nitrate titration with chromate indicator (Mohr's method) = Qualité de l'eau : dosage des chlorures : titrage au nitrate d'argent avec du chromate comme indicateur (Méthode de Mohr)
Addressing the demand for and supply of ecosystem services in agriculture through market-based and target-based policy measures
River water quality in the Finnish Eurowaternet
Decorative or outrageous : the significance of the Common Reed (Phragmites australis) on water quality
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Water quality : prevention, identidication, and management of diffuse pollution
Stormwater effects handbook : a toolbox for watershed managers, scientists, and engineers
Water quality : determination of the chemical oxygen demand = Qualité de l'eau : determination de la demande chimique en oxygène
Monitoring and classification of lake water quality in Finland
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
Criteria for and approaches to water quality management in developing countries
Freshwater biological monitoring : proceedings of a specialised conference held in Cardiff, U.K., 12-14 September, 1984
Microbiology of drinking water production and distribution
Quality criteria for water
Computer applications in hydraulic engineering : connecting theory to practice
Good ecological status : reference conditions for surface waters : eig[h]th Scientific and Technical Review : proceedings, 24-25, October 2001
Agriculture and phosphorus management : the Chesapeake Bay
Microbial quality of water supply in distribution systems
[sup 238]U-series radionuclides in Finnish groundwater-based drinking water and effective doses
Plankton : a guide to their ecology and monitoring for water quality
Handbook of environmental engineering calculations
Liaohe River is one of the seven biggest rivers in China. It is facing to river road stop;  water pollution and deterioration of ecological environment etc. in a series of problems. Liaohe River watershed is one of the important bases of operations for agriculture and the most economically developed regions in Northeast of China. It is also the contradiction between eater supplies and demands the most prominent areas in Liaoning Province.  The aim of this thesis is to analyse reasons of Liaohe River water quality changes in nearly ten years. Basically from several parts to take a look what cause of pollution and how to control and improve the water quality of Liaohe River. In Shenyang section area, environment protection agency has done some works to improved Liaohe River water quality for urban living and agriculture using. From this thesis will be basically to understand the idea of improvement of Liaohe River. Liaoning government and Shenyang environment protection agency has measured base on COD, CODMn (or CODCr), BOD, Ammonia-nitrogen and TP etc. those main pollutants in Liaohe River and reported. Base on these main pollutants to analysis the water resources quality of Liaohe River.
The state of the Finnish coastal waters in 1979-1983 = Suomen rannikkovesien tila vuosina 1979-1983
Anaerobic biotechnology and odor/corrosion control for municipalities and industries
Microbially available phosphorus in drinking water
Assessment of the ecological state of an oligotrophic lake - as exemplified by the transboundary Lake Pyhäjärvi on the Finnish-Russian border
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Joint Polish–Finnish sampling of surface waters around the phosphogypsum waste stacks in Gdańsk and Police from 1 to 3 July 2013 : results of the expedition
Principles of water treatment
Water quality concepts, sampling, and analyses
Empirical methods for predicting eutrophication in impoundments. Report 4, Phase 3: Applications manual
Passive sampling in monitoring of nonylphenol ethoxylates and nonylphenol in aquatic environments
Aquaculture and water quality
Water : life in every drop
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
Application of mathematical modeling for water environment problems
Derivation and use of environmental quality and human health standards for chemical substances in water and soil
Kymijoen vesistön yläosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunitelma : käyttökelpoisyysluokitus virkistyskäyttöä varten = classification of usability for recreational use
Policy and strategic behaviour in water resource management
Muddy waters : uncertainty issues in modelling the influence of bed sediments on water composition
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Introduction to environmental engineering and science
Agricultural nonpoint source pollution : watershed management and hydrology
Quality assessment of water and wastewater
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
Preference discontinuity in choice experiment : determinants and implication
Effects of turbidity on feeding and distribution of fish
Spatial and temporal representativeness of water monitoring efforts in the Baltic Sea coast of SW Finland
Hydrochemical characteristics of Lake Ladoga in 1993-95
Cumbrian woodlands : past, present and future
Electronic tongue for water quality assessment
Harmonization of environmental standards in the water sector of the ESCWA member states
Analysis of Liaoche River water quality
Discolouration in drinking water systems : the role of particles clarified
Mathematical modeling of water quality : streams, lakes, and reservoirs
Environmental monitoring programme for aquatic ecosystems in the Norwegian, Finnish and Russian border area : updated implementation guidelines
Development of enhanced analytical methodology in pesticide chemistry
Availability of automatic water quality monitoring for Finnish watercourses = Vesistöjen laadun automaattisen tarkkailun käyttömahdollisuudet Suomessa
Modelling phosphorous concentrations in the Vuoksi River
Veden laatu : näytteenotto mikrobiologista tutkimusta varten = Water quality : sampling for microbiological analysis
Water quality : sampling. Part 1. Guidance on the design of sampling programmes and sampling techniques
Water quality in the central region of Nepal
The governance of water and sanitation in Africa : achieving sustainable development through partnerships
Nanotechnology applications for clean water : solutions for improving water quality
Updating of data concerning the impact of certain dangerous substances on the aquatic environment : chlorinated and brominated hydrocarbons
Intercalibration of chemical analyses
Model-oriented data analysis with applications to lake and soil water simulation
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers:application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
Alternative water sources and wastewater management
Water quality : processes and policy
Monitoring and measurements of Lake Recipients : abstracts of the presentations
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Basic water treatment
Rural methods to mitigate arsenic contaminated water
OBTAINING GOOD WATER  QUALITY WITHOUT USING BIG  TREATMENT PLANTS : Treatment installations in buildings
Pollutant modification of atmospheric and oceanic processes and climate : some aspects of the problem
Second periodic assessment of the state of the marine environment of the Baltic Sea, 1984-1988 : background document
Benefits of reduced eutrophication : evidence from Finland, the Baltic Sea area and Europe for policy making
Cities of the future : towards integrated sustainable water and landscape management : proceedings of an international workshop held July 12-14, 2006 in Wingspread Conference Center (Racine, WI)
Annual and long-term water transparency variations and the consequent seafloor illumination dynamics in the Baltic Sea archipelago coast of SW Finland
Urban stormwater pollutant sources : an analysis of inflows and outflows of nitrogen, phosphorus, lead, zinc, and copper in urban areas
Vital water graphics : an overview of the state of the world's fresh and marine waters
Water quality and fish health
Sedimentary zooplankton remains as indicators of lake ecological quality and trophic structure
Blue covenant : the global water crisis and the coming battle for the right to water
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Vesistöjen veden laatu nykyisin = Present state of water bodies : Vesihallitus, Läntisen Uudenmaan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma
"In Urban Sprawl and Public Health, three of the nation's leading public health and urban planning experts take a comprehensive look at the interface of urban planning, architecture, transportation, community design, and public health. They summarize the evidence linking adverse health outcomes with sprawling development, and outline the complex challenges of developing policy that promotes and protects public health. This book is essential reading for anyone concerned with issues of public health, urban planning, transportation, architecture, or the environment."--BOOK JACKET.
Water treatment : principles and design
Mätäjoki (Rotten River) - better than its name (the first Finnish urban watershed research)
Water quality : sampling. Part 4, Guidance on sampling from lakes, natural and man-made
Eutrophication in the Baltic Sea : an integrated thematic assessment of the effects of nutrient enrichment in the Baltic Sea region : executive summary
Water resources management and the environment
Aquatic macrophytes in status assessment and monitoring of boreal lakes
The effects of the Southwestern wastewater treatment plant of St. Petersburg
Handbook of catchment management
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Environmental microbiology : current technology and water applications
Four decades of research on the Swedish large lakes
Water, sanitary and waste services for buildings
Suomen vesistöjen käyttökelpoisuus 1980-luvun alussa = Usability of the Finnish water courses in the beginning of the 1980's
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
Mapping groundwater quality in the Netherlands
The River Torne International Watershed : common Finnish and Swedish typology, reference conditions and a suggested harmonised monitoring program : results from the TRIWA project
The state of the Finnish coastal waters in 1979-1983
Monitoring water quality : Pollution assessment, Analysis, and Remediation
Impacts of restoration of forestry-drained peatlands on nutrient and organic carbon exports and methane dynamics
Natural Organic Matter in Water : Characterization and Treatment Methods
Traditional in situ surface water sampling produces accurate information on water chemistry and biology. Such sampling is conducted primarily as part of water quality monitoring programmes. If sufficiently consistent, the once collected water quality data could also provide valuable resources for subsequent use in scientific research and long-term monitoring. We examined the spatial and temporal coherence of the archived data resources stored in the environmental information system of the Finnish Environmental Administration (the Hertta-PIVET register). We used phytoplankton chlorophyll-a and primary productivity data collected during 1971-2006 as sample resources for environmental studies on the highly fragmented SW coast of Finland (Northern Baltic Sea). 733 sampling stations were categorized according to the total number of sampling days, the consistence of sampling, the number of representative years and the continuity of sampling. Considerable spatial and temporal inconsistencies were observed, making the accumulated data resources rather unsuitable for many types of environmental studies. Synchronization of sampling activities could improve the representativeness of spatial and temporal coverage of regional sampling. Strategic planning of sampling is required to achieve more concerted data generation activities and to facilitate long-term spatially representative analyses.
Urban sprawl and public health : designing, planning, and building for healthy communities
The Impact of the Irrigation System and Agricultural Production on Water Quality in Chókwé
Interim report on the state of the coastal waters of the Baltic sea
Environmental challenges in the joint border area of Norway, Finland and Russia
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
The sustainable role of the tree in environmental protection technologies
Water in crisis : a guide to the world's fresh water resources
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Fish and invertebrate culture : water management in closed systems
Drinking water quality and network materials in Finland : summary report
Päijänteen alueen vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma : vesistöjen nykyinen käyttökelpoisuus = the present usability of the waters
Water quality assessments : a guide to the use of biota, sediments and water in environmental monitoring
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Advances in water treatment and environmental management
Water quality in the Lake Aulangonjärvi
Kymijoen vesistön alaosan vesien käytön kokonaissuunnitelma. 2, Vesistöjen veden laatu nykyisin : Present state of water bodies
Water reuse for irrigation : agriculture, landscapes, and turf grass
Veden laatu : liuenneen hapen määritys : jodometrinen menetelmä : standardi = Water quality : determination of dissolved oxygen : lodometric method
Applied principles of hydrology
Approximately 77 percent of the freshwater used in the United States comes from surface-water sources and is subject to natural organic matter contamination according to the United States Geological Survey. This presents a distinct challenge to water treatment engineers. An essential resource to the latest breakthroughs in the characterization, treatment and removal of natural organic matter (NOM) from drinking water, Natural Organic Matter in Waters: Characterization and Treatment Methods focuses on advance filtration and treatment options, and processes for reducing disinfection byproducts. Based on the authors years of research and field experience, this book begins with the characterization of NOM including: general parameters, isolation and concentration, fractionation, composition and structural analysis and biological testing. This is followed by removal methods such as inorganic coagulants, polyelectrolytes and composite coagulants. Electrochemical and membranes removal methods such as: electrocoagulation, electrochemical oxidation, microfiltration and ultrafiltration, nanofiltration and membrane fouling.
Modelling of ecological risks related to sea-dumped chemical weapons : MERCW deliverable 2.1 ; synthesis report of the available data
Water quality in the Tibetan Plateau : chemical evaluation of the headwaters of four major Asian rivers
Soil and water conservation engineering
Water quality criteria for freshwater fish
Long-term changes in lake and river systems in Finland
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
Engineering approaches for lake management. Vol. 1, Data analysis and empirical modeling
Spatiotemporal features of coastal waters in Southwest Finland
State of the terrestrial environment in the joint Finnish, Norwegian and Russian border area on the basis of bioindicators : final technical report of the Pasvik Environment Monitoring Programme
