http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15757 baroque
baroque
Baroque and Rococo silks
The Secular solo songs of Henry Purcell. Volume 2
The New Oxford History of Music. Vol. 4, The age of humanism 1540 - 1630
"Examines seventeenth-century sculpture in Rome. Focuses on questions of historical context and criticism, including the interaction of theory and practice, the creative roles of sculptors and patrons, the relationship of sculpture to antique models and to contemporary painting, and contextual meaning and reception"--
Palladio and Palladianism
Rembrandt & Lievens in Leiden : `een jong en edel schildersduo` = Rembrandt and Lievens in Leiden,  ́a pair of young and noble painters ́
Lacke des Barock und Rokoko : Baroque and Rococo Lacquers
Johann Sebastian Bach : an essential guide to his life and works
The age of the Baroque, 1610-1660
Marvels of sound and beauty : Italian baroque musical instruments
Caravaggio 1571-1610 : a genius beyond his time
Baroque wallpaintings : technical problems and current conservation methods
Fortspinnungstypus revisited : schemata and prototypical features in J. S. Bach's minor-key cantata aria introductions
European art of the seventeenth century
The genesis of Noto : an eighteenth-century Sicilian city
Vivaldi : Voice of the Baroque
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume I
Essential architecture : the history of western architecture
Principles of the flute, recorder & oboe
Caravaggio in context : learned naturalism and renaissance humanism
The fold : Leibniz and the Baroque
Eberhard Happel, Baroque German author of an extensive body of work of fiction and nonfiction, has for many years been categorized as a 'courtly-gallant' novelist. In Mediating Culture in the Seventeenth-Century German Novel, author Gerhild Scholz Williams argues that categorizing him thus is to seriously misread him and to miss out on a fascinating perspective on this dynamic period in German history. Happel primarily lived and worked in the vigorous port city of Hamburg, which was a 'media center' in terms of the access it offered to a wide library of books in public and private collections, and Hamburg's port status meant it buzzed with news and information. Happel's novels deal with many topics of current interest--explorations of national identity formation, gender and sexualities, Western European encounters with neighbors to the East, confrontations with non-European and non-Western powers and cultures--and they feature multiple media, including news reports, news collections, and travel writings. As a result, Happel's use of contemporary source material in his novels feeds the current interest in the impact of the production of knowledge on 17th-century narrative. Mediating Culture in the Seventeenth-Century German Novel explores the narrative wealth and multiversity of Happel's work, examines Happel's novels as illustrative of 17th-century novel writing in Germany, and investigates the synergistic relationship in Happel's writings between the booming print media industry and the evolution of the German novel.
Source readings in music history. 3, The Baroque era
Jewish baroque music
Vivaldi : the Four seasons and other concertos, Op. 8
The Baroque guitar
The Baroque Concerto
Music and sentiment
Painting of the baroque
J. S. Bach : in two volumes. 2
Jean-Philippe Rameau : his life and work
J.S. Bach : in two volumes. 2
History of art : from the middle ages to the renaissance, impressionism and modern art
The Uffizi and the Vasari Corridor
Architecture in the Age of Reason : baroque and post-baroque in England, Italy, and France : by Emil Kaufmann
Discover music of the baroque era
Music in the Baroque era : From Monteverdi to Bach
Culture of the Baroque : analysis of a historical structure
Peter Paul Rubens : 1577-1640 : the Homer of painting
Orchesography : or, the art of dancing by characters and demonstrative figures
Die Triosonate im Barock = The baroque trio sonata = A barokk triószonáta
The Indian queen
Visions of Arcadia : European gardens from renaissance to rococo
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
The people shall hear! : a collection of great choruses
The Secular solo songs of Henry Purcell. Volume 1
'Baroque and Rococo' is a detailed introduction to two styles of art, architecture and expression that bridged the Renaissance with the Enlightenment period. 'Baroque and Rococo' explores the key artists and works of the period, such as Rembrandt and Bernini, while expanding it's reach to include Asia and Latin America. 'Baroque and Rococo' contains excellent illustrations, glossaries and biographies to capture the diversity of two art forms growing against the backdrop to a world of plague, war, rioting, rebellion and religious dissent. 'Baroque and Rococo' encompasses all arts - religious and profane painting and sculpture, church architecture and interiors, public buildings, palaces, domestic interiors, festivals, gardens, theatres, music, ceramics and furniture - to provide the reader with a thorough understanding of this great period in art history.
Mediating culture in the seventeenth-century German novel : Eberhard Werner Happel, 1647-1690
Late Baroque and Rococo architecture
A guide to Lithuania's Baroque monuments
Masterpieces of music before 1750 : an anthology of musical examples from Gregorian chant to J.S. Bach
Jephtha : Oratorio in three acts
A brief tutor for the baroque guitar : with special advice for the classical guitar
Acis and Galatea
Purcell edition III : Odes, anthems and ceremonial music
The history of decorative arts. [2], Classicism and the baroque in Europe
The key to baroque art
Interpreting Bach at the keyboard
Sweeter than roses
Baroque antiquity : archaeological imagination in early modern Europe
Introducing Bach
The complete etchings of Rembrandt : reproduced in original size
First lessons in Bach : for the piano. Book 1, 16 short pieces
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
The angel tree : celebrating Christmas at The Metropolitan museum of art : The Loretta Hines Howard collection of Eighteenth-century Neapolitan crèche figures
Music in painting : music as symbol in renaissance and baroque painting
Larousse encyclopedia of Renaissance and Baroque art
The triumph of the Baroque
Zsánermetamorfózisok : világi műfajok a közép-európai barokk festészetben = The metamorphosis of themes : secular subjects in the art of baroque in Central Europe
The life and works of Rubens
English Song : Dowland to Purcell
The sonata in the Baroque Era
English baroque architecture
Tis natures voice and other Songs and Elegies
Songs and Airs
Baroque music : from Monteverdi to Handel
RENAISSANCE AND BAROQUE MUSIC
Baroque influences in Central-European medal work : the seventeenth-eighteenth centuries
A zongora-improvizáció szerepe és széleskörű alkalmazása a barokk és jazz harmónia tanításában – egy doktori kutatás eredményei. = The role of piano improvisation in teaching harmony, using combined materials selected from the Baroque period and jazz standard repertoire: towards a comprehensive approach – main findings of PhD research
Peter Paul Rubens : with fifty plates in full colour
Critical perspectives on Roman Baroque sculpture
BAROQUE MUSIC TODAY
Caravaggio : a life sacred and profane
Maltese baroque : proceedings of a seminar on "The Baroque Route in Malta", held at the Ministry of Education, Beltissebh, Malta, on 3rd June, 1989
Collection of baroque sculptures : guide
Baroque and rococo art
The art of Baroque dance : Folies d'Espagne from page to stage
Companion to baroque music
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
From its beginnings in the seventeenth century, the Baroque embraced the whole of Catholic Europe and infiltrated Protestant England, Orthodox Russia and even Muslim Turkey. Architecture, paintings, poetry, music, natural science and new forms of piety all have their places on the Baroque map. In this surprising reinterpretation of the Baroque, Robert Harbison offers new readings that stress its eccentric and tumultuous forms, in which a destablized sense of reality is often projected onto the viewer. This strange, subjectively inclined world is manifested in such bizarre phenomena as the small stuccoed universes of Giacomo Serpotta, the Sacred Mounts of Piedmont and the grimacing heads of F. X. Messerschmidt. Harbison explores the Baroque's metamorphoses into later styles, particularly the Rococo, and, in an unexpected twist, pursues the Baroque idea into the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, proposing provocative analyses of pastiches or imitations (in Der Rosenkavalier and the work of Aubrey Beardsley) or resemblances (deliberate or not) in Czech Cubism and Frank Gehry's architecture. "Reflections on Baroque" demonstrates that the Baroque impulse lives on in the twenty-first century imagination.
Baroque in Lithuania : guide ; [Irena Vaisvilaite (introduction author)] ; [Arunas Sverdiolas (compiler)] ; [Tojana Raciunaite (writer)] ; [Vida Urbonaviciute (translator and editor)]
Baroque book illustration : a short survey : from the collection in the department of graphic arts Harvard College Library
Baroque Art in Italy
The social history of art. Vol. 2, Renaissance, mannerism, baroque
Beauty of the baroque
Manderlay and Dogville
30 millennia of painting
Panorama of world art : Baroque and rococo art
"Why were seventeenth-century antiquarians so spectacularly wrong? Even if they knew what ancient monuments looked like, they deliberately distorted the representation of them in print. Deciphering the printed reconstructions of Giacomo Lauro and Athanasius Kircher, this pioneer study uncovers an antiquity born with print culture itself and from the need to accommodate competitive publishers, ambitious patrons, and powerful popes. By analyzing the elements of fantasy in Lauro and Kircher's archaeological visions new levels of meaning appear. Instead of being testimonies of failed archaeology, they emerge as complex architectural messages responding to moral, political, and religious issues of the day. This book combines several histories--print, archaeology, architecture--in the attempt to identify early modern strategies of recovering lost Rome. Many books have been written on antiquity in the Renaissance, but this book defines an antiquity that is particularly Baroque"--
The sonata in the baroque era
Music in the baroque era
Gem tumbling and baroque jewelry making : a guide for amateur tumblers
Atlas of the Baroque world. 1, Painting and sculpture
Palazzi of Rome
Baroque churches of Central Europe
Source readings in music history. 3, the baroque era
Your favourite classics. 1, Mostly Baroque Music
A solemn musick
Gian Lorenzo Bernini : the sculptor of the Roman baroque
A new European music
Baroque and rococo
French Art from 1350 to 1850. 5
Vivaldi : voice of the Baroque
Elisabetta Sirani 'Virtuosa' : women's cultural production in early modern Bologna
Italian baroque concertos : by Corelli, Castrucci, Scarlatti, Händel, Geminiani and Stradella
History of world architecture. Baroque architecture
300 JAHRE VIOLINMUSIK. DAS ITALIENISCHE BAROCK
MUSIC IN THE BAROQUE ERA FROM MONTEVERDI TO BACH
Exploring the world of J.S. Bach : a traveler's guide
The baroque in architectural culture, 1880-1980
The Passions : An Ode for Music (Oxford 1750)
Handel : The man and his music
The emblem in Renaissance and baroque Europe : tradition and variety : selected papers of the Glasgow international emblem conference 13-17 August, 1990
50 renaissance & baroque standards : with variants, examples & advice for playing & improvising on any instrument
Ornamentation in Baroque and Post-Baroque Music
Studies in the Italian baroque
Baroque : 1620-1800 : style in the age of magnificence
The complete odes and welcome songs. Volume 8
Baroque dance unmasked : workshop to performance
The tempest : or the enchanted island
Baroque ornament : CD-ROM & book
Renaissance and baroque music : a comprehensive survey
A brief tutor for the baroque guitar
The age of the baroque 1610-1660
The Fairy Queen Z 629 ; Libretto after William Shakespeare's A Midsummer night's dream
Performance practices in baroque keyboard music
The tempest
Relax with baroque : Over two hours the most beautiful baroque music
Johann Sebastian Bach : Das Kantatenwerk : Sacred Cantatas
Bernini and the unity of the visual arts : text volume
Classical composers : a guide to the lives and works of the great composers from the Medieval, Baroque and Classical eras
Baroque furniture in the Boulle technique : conservation, science, history
Music from Cupid and death : A masque in five entries
The music of Bach : An introduction
Relax with Baroque
The world of Watteau, 1684-1721
