http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15761 natural numbers
natural numbers
"From the award-winning author of Hide Me Among the Graves, Last Call, Declare, and Three Days to Never, a phantasmagoric, thrilling, mind-bending tale of speculative fiction in which one man must uncover occult secrets of 1920s Hollywood to save his family. In the wake of their Aunt Amity's suicide, Scott and Madeline Madden are summoned to Caveat, the eerie, decaying mansion in the Hollywood hills in which they were raised. But their decadent and reclusive cousins, the malicious wheelchair-bound Claimayne and his sister, Ariel, do not welcome Scott and Madeline's return to the childhood home they once shared. While Scott desperately wants to go back to their shabby South-of-Sunset lives, he cannot pry his sister away from this haunted "House of Usher in the Hollywood Hills" that is a conduit for the supernatural.Decorated by bits salvaged from old hotels and movie sets, Caveat hides a dark family secret that stretches back to the golden days of Rudolph Valentino and the silent film stars. A collection of hypnotic eight-limbed abstract images inked on paper allows the Maddens to briefly fragment and flatten time - to transport themselves into the past and future in visions that are both puzzling and terrifying. Though their cousins know little about these ancient "spiders" which provoke unpredictable temporal dislocations, Ariel and Claimayne have been using for years - an addiction that has brought Claimayne to the brink of selfish destruction. As Madeline falls more completely under Caveat's spell, Scott discovers that to protect her, he must use the perilous spiders himself. But will he unravel the mystery of the Madden family's past and finally free them. or be pulled deeper into their deadly web?"--
Ghostbusters 2
Strange tales from a Chinese studio : the classic collection of eerie and fantastic Chinese stories of supernatural
Firelight
Religion and rational theology
The crow
Ghost slayers Ayashi. 2
This book offers a rigorous and coherent introduction to the five basic number systems of mathematics, namely natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, real numbers, and complex numbers. It is a subject that many mathematicians believe should be learned by any student of mathematics including future teachers. The book starts with the development of Peano arithmetic in the first chapter which includes mathematical induction and elements of recursion theory. It proceeds to an examination of integers that also covers rings and ordered integral domains. The presentation of rational numbers includes material on ordered fields and convergence of sequences in these fields. Cauchy and Dedekind completeness properties of the field of real numbers are established, together with some properties of real continuous functions. An elementary proof of the Fundamental Theorem of Algebra is the highest point of the chapter on complex numbers. The great merit of the book lies in its extensive list of exercises following each chapter. These exercises are designed to assist the instructor and to enhance the learning experience of the students.
Sabrina, teini-ikäinen noita = Sabrina, the teenage witch. Tuotantokausi 4.
Lair of dreams
The possession
Medusa's web : a novel
It follows
Ghostbusters 3D : answer the call
Seeing fairies : from the lost archives of the Fairy Investigation Society, authentic reports of fairies in modern times
King of morning, queen of day
The conjuring 2
Natural theology in the scientific revolution : God's scientists
Grimm. Season four
Curious warnings : the great ghost stories of
A breath of frost
Horns
The exorcist
Split second
The mist in the mirror
Ex-con. [Vol. 1], Fading lights
Accursed
Clockwork prince
Superman IV : the quest for peace
Number systems : an introduction to algebra and analysis
Clockwork angel
Insidious : chapter 3
Kant on God
The open secret : a new vision for natural theology
Maplecroft : the Borden dispatches
The darkness
Whisper the dead
Talina in the tower : a tale of beastly tongues
NonNonBa
Chronicle : extended edition
Powers. Season 1.
Chronicle
The court painter's apprentice
The prince of mist
Servant of the bones
The buried giant : a novel
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
How to catch a bogle
The paradox
The oversight
Mostly ghostly : have you met my ghoulfriend?
Lights out
Crimson Peak
Supernatural. the complete tenth season
World invasion: battle Los Angeles
Elementary number theory in nine chapters
The diabolical
Providence. Act 1
Supernatural. Season 9.
After a supernatural showdown with a serial killer, Evie O'Neill has outed herself as a Diviner and has become a media darling. In the meantime, a mysterious sleeping sickness has hit New York City, and the Diviners must band together to find the cause and the cure.
Ghost slayers Ayashi. 1
Leviathan
From zero to infinity : what makes numbers interesting
Absolutely anything
Primality testing for beginners
Midnight special
In 1814 London, Gretchen must put aside annoyance at the constant buzzing caused by being a Whisperer, concern about her twin brother, her growing feelings for a member of the Order of Iron Nail, and the boredom of being a debutante when a new menace threatens Mayfair.
Paranormal activity. 2
