http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15739 equality policy
equality policy
Summary (1 s.).
What is Europe's future
Equal opportunities for women and men in the European Union : annual report 1998
Queer presences and absences
Against equality : readings on economic and social policy
A macroeconomic perspective on education and inequality
The fight against discrimination and the promotion of equality : how to measure progress done
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
Gender and the open method of coordination : perspectives on law, governance and equality in the EU
Challenges for Finland and democracy
Michel Foucault identified sexuality as one of the defining biopolitical technologies of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. As Jemima Repo argues in this book, "gender" has come to be the major sexual signifier of the mid-twentieth and early twenty-first century. In fact, in this historical excavation of the biopolitical significance of the term, she argues that it could not have emerged at any other time. Repo shows that gender is not originally a feminist term, but emerged from the study of intersex and transsexual persons in the fields of sexology and psychology in the1950s and 1960s. Prior to the 1950s gender was used to refer to various types of any number of phenomena - sometimes sex, but not necessarily. Its only regular usage was in linguistics, where it was used to classify nouns as masculine, feminine, or neuter. In the mid-twentieth century, gender shifted from being a nominator of types to designating the sexual order of things.As with sexuality in the Victorian period, over the last sixty years, the notion of gender has become an entire field of knowledge. Feminists famously took up the term in the 1970s to challenge biological determinism, and in government, "women" have been replaced by "gender" in policy-making processes that aim to advance equality between women and men. Gender has also become a key variable in social scientific surveys of different socio-political phenomena like voting, representation, employment, salaries, and parental leave decisions. The Biopolitcs of Gender analyzes the strategies and tactics of power involved in the use of "gender" in sexology and psychology, and subsequently its reversal and counter-deployment by feminists in the 1970s and 1980s. It critiques the emergence of gender in demographic science and the implications of this genealogy for feminist theory and politics today.Drawing on an a wide variety of historical and contemporary sources, the book makes a major theoretical argument about gender as a historically specific apparatus of biopower and calls into question the emancipatory potential of the category in feminist theory and politics.
Communicating equality and non-discrimination in the European Union
The Nordic countries have long been seen as pioneers in promoting gender equality. The book brings together scholars from the global South and post-socialist economies to reflect on Nordic approaches to gender equality. The contributors to the book seek to explore from a comparative perspective the vision, values, policies, mechanisms, coalitions of interests and political processes that help to explain Nordic achievements on gender equality. While some contributors explore the Nordic experience through the prism of their own realities, others explore their own realities through the Nordic prism. By cutting across normal geographical boundaries, disciplinary boundaries and the boundaries between theory and policy, this book will be of interest to all readers with an interest in furthering gender equality.
Offers new policies in technology, employment, social security, capital sharing, and taxation that intend to narrow the income gap, defending them against the common arguments and excuses for inaction.
Change of China's development models at the crossroads
Global perspectives on gender equality : reversing the gaze
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Strategy for equality between women and men : 2010-2015
Gender mainstreaming of employment policies : a comparative review of 30 European countries
Multiple marginalities : an intercultural dialogue on gender in education across Europe and Africa
Gender injustice : an international comparative analysis of equality in employment
India's reforms : how they produced inclusive growth
How women's movements matter : women's movements strategies and influence on gender policy formation in post-Communist Croatia and Slovenia
The institutionalization of Europe
Gender equality policies in Finland
Policy measures to ensure access to decent housing for migrants and ethnic minorities
Gender and the European labour market
Politics of gender : a century of women's suffrage in Finland
Does equality imply the same treatment of men and women? Can current policies make some people "more equal" than others? Equality Politics and Gender explores conceptual and practical problems in the idea of equality and its use in the pursuit of autonomy for women. Divided into two sections, the first part focuses on theory and discourse; the second on procedural processes and practical policies. Chapters discuss the meaning of equality, and related concepts such as: fairness; justice; autonomy and dependence/independence; the connections between class and feminism and family and feminism; and the nature of political traditions and institutions through which feminist demands may or may not be met. Within this framework, the contributors consider specific issues including welfare, child custody, pregnancy, protective legislation, and employment. Scholars, researchers, and policymakers interested in political theory, public policy, and social policy will find Equality Politics and Gender intriguing reading.
Contesting citizenship
From common market to social Europe? : paradigm shifts and institutional change in European Union policy on food, asbestos and chemicals, and gender equality
The price of gender equality : members states and governance in the European Union
Sexuality & gender politics in Mozambique : rethinking gender in Africa
Men and gender equality : policy in Finland
Sovereign virtue : the theory and practice of equality
Government report on gender equality
The Europeanization of gender equality policies : a discursive-sociological approach
Manual for gender mainstreaming : employment, social inclusion and social protection policies
The politics of sexual harassment : a comparative study of the United States, the European Union, and Germany
Liberalism, equality, and cultural oppression
Equality between women and men in the European Union
World yearbook of education. 1981, Education of minorities
Time for action : changing the gender situation in forestry
Leadership, equity, and school effectiveness
European gender regimes and policies : comparative perspectives
Gender equality within political parties and women's cross-party cooperation : how to build the capacities of women politicians and political parties
Gendering the European Union : new approaches to old democratic deficits
Before and after the economic crisis : what implications for the 'European social model'?
Dale Spender writing in 1983's 'Invisible Women: the Schooling Scandal' found that schools were patriarchal, male dominated institutions and that teachers tended to favour male pupils over female pupils; teachers paid more attention to male pupils and boys dominated the classes. His research found that girls tended to work harder and were more motivated than boys. They put more effort into the presentation of their work and they read more and concentrated for longer in lessons.
Women, power and policy : toward the year 2000
Compendium of practice on non-discrimination/equality mainstreaming
Multiple meanings of gender equality : a critical frame analysis of gender policies in Europe
Critical studies of gender equalities : Nordic dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions
Elusive equality : gender, citizenship, and the limits of democracy in Czechoslovakia, 1918-1950
Education and training in Ethiopia : an evaluation of approaching EFA goals
Tackling multiple discrimination : practices, policies and laws
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Politics by principle, not interest : toward nondiscriminatory democracy
Inequality : what can be done?
This thoroughly researched, well-documented book presents a theoretically guided empirical analysis of developing and implementing gender equality policies in the European Union (EU). In spite of a wealth of research, many questions have long remained unanswered and these are addressed here. The author developed an international relations theoretical framework in order to explain the changing fortunes of women's activism, the changing attitudes of European institutions and the behaviour of member states in a multi-level setting. The book traces the history and development of EU gender policy to the present day and will be inspirational reading for those interested in European governance and the European Union, as well as gender issues and political sociology.
Robust political economy : classical liberalism and the future of public policy
Gender, policy and educational change : shifting agendas in the UK and Europe
Gender mainstreaming active inclusion policies : final synthesis report
Summary (s. 3).
Summary.
Summary (s. 5-9).
International inequality
Flowing upstream : empowering women through water management initiatives in India
Globalizing education policy
Council for Gender Equality : the history of work with men 1988-2006
Sex roles and education : a status report
Class, culture and education
Invisible women : the schooling scandal
What is the problem of gender? : mainstreaming gender in migration and development policies of European Union
The discursive politics of gender equality : stretching, bending, and policy-making
Abstract: Gendered political representation in Finland.
The standard rules on the equalization of opportunities for persons with disabilities
Bell and Klein have put together a powerful, dense, and interesting collection of essays about radical feminism, a political philosophy that "makes visible male control as it is exercised in every sphere of women's lives, both public and private." Writers include the familiar names in feminist philosophy-Robin Morgan, Catherine MacKinnon, Marcia Gillespie, and Andrea Dworkin-as well as those newer to the scene. Especially noteworthy here is the great effort of the editors to include writers from several countries and cultures. The selections demonstrate the editors' assertion that "radical feminism has always welcomed and acknowledged the diversity of women, while stressing commonality." Particularly interesting are the selections on "therapy and how it undermines the practice of radical feminism" and the group editing efforts of seven Generation X representatives who respond to the ongoing debate about MacKinnon's stand against pornography. At a time when Camille Paglia and others are denouncing the "second wave of feminism," these are important voices for feminists to read, and the book is full of the kind of discussion that is most exciting for feminists today.
(Un)thinking citizenship : feminist debates in contemporary South Africa
The Europeanisation of gender equality : the unexpected case of Sweden
Transnational and national gender equality politics : the European union's impact in Britain and Finland
The politics of gender pay equity : policy mechanisms, institutionalised undervaluation, and non-decision making
Striving for gender equality in Finland
Legislating equality : the politics of antidiscrimination policy in Europe
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
Recasting egalitarianism : new rules for communities, states, and markets
Learning liberation : women's response to men's education
Radically speaking : feminism reclaimed
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Discourse and politics for gender equality in late twentieth century Finland
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Summary (s. 5-7).
New pathways in international development : gender and civil society in EU policy
Women and education in Sub-Saharan Africa : power, opportunities, and constraints
Equality politics and gender
The Nordic approach to the promotion of equality
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
There is an increasing awareness that gender equality is not something that just "is" in unproblematic and natural ways, but that it may be understood and packaged in several ways, with quite different consequences. It therefore makes good sense to ask, with the authors in this book, how gender equality is understood and practised in the Nordic countries, with their avowedly good record on gender equality measures. It makes especially good sense to look closely at the consequences and difficulties that arise out of the many-faceted meanings attached to "gender" and "equality" in politics and policies, as well as in daily life. In this book, eleven Nordic scholars offer critical analyses of current dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions in the field of Nordic gender equality. They have studied issues to do with constructing state and nation, regulating political practices and producing gendered subjectivities. The authors are affiliated with universities in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden and united in seeing the need for a critical scholarly stance on Nordic gender equality policies and practices.
Men and gender equality : towards progressive policies : conference report
Promotion of gender equality in Finland examined through equality promotion projects from the 1970s to the early 21st century
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
Evaluation : Nordic influence in multilateral organizations : a Finnish perspective : Nordic countries influencing the World Bank's and African Development Bank's gender policies in 2006–2011 : contribution to a joint-Nordic comparative evaluation study
A roadmap for equality between women and men 2006-2010
The biopolitics of gender
