http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15729 pet shops
pet shops
Good practices for the feed industry : implementing the Codex Alimentarius Code of Practice on Good Animal Feeding
The scarecrow's hat
Animal feed impact on food safety : report of the FAO/WHO Expert Meeting, FAO Headquarters, Rome, 8-12 October 2007.
Export of pet products to California
Pet shop of horrors. 4
Abstract.
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1993
The dog who bit a policeman : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Pet shop of horrors. 1
Let's visit the pet store
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 8
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1961-1982
Littlest Pet Shop. 3, Sokerihumala
Wheat : science and trade
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 6
Wool! modern myths, new horizons
Contraband : South Africa and the international trade in ivory and rhino horn
Littlest pet shop : wait a second
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 1
Littlest Pet Shop. 4.
The animal trade
Fur Nation traces the interwoven relationships between sexuality, national identity, and colonialism. Chantal Nadeau shows how Canada, a white settler colony, bases its existence and its nationhood on a complex sexual economy based on women wrapped in fur. Nadeau highlights the connection between 'fur ladies' - women wearing, exploiting or promoting furs - and the beaver, symbol of Canada and nature's master builder. She shows how, in postcolonial Canada, the nation is sexualised around female reproduction and fur, which is both a crucial factor in economic development, and a powerful symbol through which the nation itself is conceived and commodified. Fur Nation demonstrates that, for Canada, fur really is the fabric of a nation.
Proceedings of the first International Conference on Banana and Plantain for Africa : Kampala, Uganda 14-18 October, 1996
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 2
Pet shop girls
Pet shop of horrors. 7
Choosing Crumble
Animal feed ingredients : a study of selected markets
The international regulation of extinction
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 4
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report
Catalogue of names of fishes molluscs and crustaceans of commercial importance in the Mediterranean
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 7
The rules governing medicinal products in the European Community. Volume 5 B, Notice to applicants for marketing authorization for veterinary medicinal products in the European Community
Dale of merchants. 2, The era of trade mastery
Report of the Fourth Interim Commission on Phytosanitary Measures : Rome, 11-15 March 2002.
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 5 / [translator: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: James Lucas Jones]
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase!
Pet shop of horrors. 5
The perfect pet shop
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 9 / [translator: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: Tim Beedle]
Starting up an Internet based pet accessories wholesale business
Pet shop of horrors. 9
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1979-1997 : commodities and trade division
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 8
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and footwear 1966-1985
Dale of merchants : The guild of extraordinary traders
Pet shop of horrors. 6
Fur nation : from the beaver to Brigitte Bardot
Methods for quantitative plant pest risk analysis
Agricultural review for Europe
CITES implementation in Nepal and India : law, policy, and practice
Pet shop of horrors. 2
Surveillance and zoning for aquatic animal diseases
Food regulation and trade : toward a safe and open global system
The Uruguay Round and the next WTO Round on agriculture : impacts on the EU dairy and meat sector
Thanks for telling me, Emily
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1982-2000 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1982-2000 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1982-2000
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 10 / [translation: Jeremiah Bourque] ; [English adaptation: Tim Beedle]
Valuation of economic benefits from the Finnish salmonella control program = An economic assessment of effects of the Finnish salmonella control program on trade
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1995
Review of livestock research supported by ODA (Natural Resources and Environment Department) during the period 1986-1990
The importance of animal diseases for trade, food and public health in an integrated Europe
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 3
Pet shop of horrors. 10
Regulations governing the movement of horses and dogs within the European Union
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1984-2002 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1984-2002 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1984-2002
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 4
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 7
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 6
Pet shop of horrors. Volume 3 / [translator: Tomoharu Iwo] ; [English adaptation: James Lucas Jones]
On the implementation of Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora.
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1994
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins leather and leather footwear 1972-1990 : commodities and trade division
World statistical compendium for raw hides and skins, leather and leather footwear 1986-2004 = Recueil de statistiques mondiales sur les cuirs et les peaux bruts et préparés et les chaussures de cuir 1964-2004 = Compendio estadístico mundial de cueros y pieles sin curtir, cueros y calzado de cuero 1986-2004
Pet shop of horrors. 3
Pet shop of horrors : Tokyo. 5
Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora : EC annual report 1992
Animal science and industry
The Scruffs
The highway rat
Stop! : there's a snake in your suitcase
Global Conference on Animal Welfare : an OIE initiative : Paris, 23-25 February 2004 : proceedings
The wild bird trade : when a bird in the hand means none in the bush
Butterfly farming and conservation in the Indo-Australian Region
Pet shop of horrors. 8
The ivory trade and conserving the African elephant
