http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15715 pedagogy of religion
pedagogy of religion
The teaching ministry of the church : integrating biblical truth with contemporary application
The Routledge international handbook of learning
Religious diversity and education : Nordic perspectives
Transforming lives : Christian education in a multi-cultural society
Spiritual pedagogy : a survey, critique and reconstruction of contemporary spiritual education in England and Wales
What can I do in R. E. ? : a consideration of the place of religion in the twentieth-century curriculum with suggestions for practical work in schools
Religious education : an interpretive approach
Education for spiritual, moral, social, and cultural development
Creating better understanding - a phenomenographic case study of adolescent conceptions of religion lessons at an international school in Finland
Children's voices : children's perspectives in ethics, theology and religious education
What schools teach us about religious life
International journal of children's spirituality
Religious education and Christian theologies : some european perspectives
Religious education as encounter : a tribute to John M. Hull
Teaching Islam : Islamic religious education at three Muslim schools in Sweden
Negotiating identity and tradition in single-faith religious education : a case study of Islamic education in Finnish schools
The Routledge international handbook of religious education
Integrative religious education in Europe : a study-of-religions approach
The Routledge companion to the study of religion
The religious dimension of intercultural education : contributions to a contextual understanding
Participatory learning : religious education in a globalizing society
Teaching against Islamophobia
Hermeneutics and religious education
From indifference to dialogue? : Estonian young people, the school and religious diversity
"This volume explores numerous themes (including the influence of ethnography on religious education research and pedagogy, the interpretive approach to religious education, the relationship between research and classroom practice in religious education), providing a critique of contemporary religious education and exploring the implications of this critique for initial and continuing teacher education"--
This volume offers an introduction to all questions of teaching Religious Education as a school subject and as an academic discipline related to this subject. The chapters cover most of the aspects that religion teachers have to face in their work, as well as the theoretical background necessary for this task. The volume is a textbook for students and teachers of religious education, be it in school or in an academic context, who are looking for reliable information on this field. The book has proven its usefulness in German speaking countries. This volume is the English translation of the German Compendium of Religious Education (edited by Gottfried Adam and Rainer Lachmann). The present English version is based on the 2012 edition which aims for a most current representation of the field. The background of the book is Protestant but its outlook is clearly ecumenical, and questions of interreligious education are considered in many of the chapters. The compendium continues to be widely used in Germany, Austria and Switzerland – as an introduction to the field and as a handbook for students who are preparing for their final exams. The English edition makes this compendium available to students and colleagues in other countries.
Islam and education : the manipulation and misrepresentation of a religion
Religion and education in Europe : developments, contexts and debates
Towards a methodology for comparative studies in religious education : a study of England and Norway
Religious ideas, feelings and their interrelationship
Variation in the understanding of Lutheranism and its implications for religious education : meaning discernment of students and teachers in Finnish upper secondary schools
Teaching Islam : Islamic religious education in Sweden
Inspiring faith in schools : studies in religious education
The rise of neo-religiosity : a challenge to religious instruction : report (in English and German) of Conference on Religious Education, September 18.-21.,1980 in Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland
Pedagogies of religious education : case studies in the research and development of good pedagogic practice in RE
Basics of religious education
Children and spirituality : searching for meaning and connectedness
Redemptive transformation in practical theology : essays in honor of James E. Loder, Jr
International perspectives on citizenship, education and religious diversity
Encyclopedia of religious and spiritual development
Religion in education : innovation in international research
Does religious education have a future? : pedagogical and policy prospects
Divine revelation and human learning : a Christian theory of knowledge
Redefining religious education : spirituality for human flourishing
Towards a European perspective on religious education : the RE Research Conference, March 11-14, 2004, University of Lund
Written by international specialists, this introductory text explains theory and method in religious study. It covers a wide variety of methodological approaches to religion including sociology, anthropology, psychology and science as well as key issues such as gender, fundamentalism and insider/outsider problems.
Contextualizing theological education
Teaching the Bible : the discourses and politics of biblical pedagogy
Estonian young people, religion and religious diversity : personal views and the role of the school
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
International handbook of the religious, moral and spiritual dimensions in education / part 2
Educating for intelligent belief or unbelief
Researching religious education as social practice
Youth, religion and confirmation work in Europe : the second study
International handbooks of religion and education. Part 1-2 : International handbook of the religious, moral and spiritual dimensions in education
Teaching religion and science : effective pedagogy and practical approaches for RE teachers
Spiritual education : literary, empirical, and pedagogical approaches
Teaching religious education : researchers in the classroom
Religious education in Europe : situation and current trends in schools
Estnische Kirchengeschichte im vorigen Jahrtausend = Estonian church history in the past millenium
Faith and culture : the construction of a christian identity in interaction with other world religions in education
Interreligious learning
Religious education as practical theology : essays in honour of professor Herman Lombaerts
Encountering religious pluralism in school and society : a qualitative study of teenage perspectives in Europe
Teachers in Christian education : report of a survey on the LWF member churches
This book will attempt, through an in-depth investigation of eight private schools, representing a wide variety of traditions (including non-sectarian as well as sectarian schools), to show how schools are telling reflections of the changing religious landscape of our country. It will also seek to demonstrate that these schools are important guideposts in the process of understanding that landscape, and how institutions with a clear commitment can embrace a pluralistic constituency. The degree to which they are able to balance both tradition and contemporary reality can teach us a great deal about not only how to be more fluent in our religious literacy, but how to be better citizens in an increasingly complex world.
In this book Oddrun M. H. Bråten set out to utilise and test her methodology for comparative religious education. This synthesises two sets of ideas. The first includes supranational, national and subnational processes. Formal supranational processes refer to international (educational) policymaking in international organisations. Informal supranational processes include secularisation, pluralisation and globalisation. Subnational processes refer to variations between regions within a country. The second set of ideas concerns the societal, institutional, instructional and experiential levels of curriculum. They are affected by supranational, national and subnational processes. In discussing the societal level, attention needs to be given to the histories of religion, state and school in each country. Research at the institutional level involves analysis of relevant policy documents and legislation in each country, while research at the instructional level involves analysis of how teachers interpret, plan and teach the curriculum, while the experiential level researches how students interact with one-another and with teachers to develop their understanding. A third set of ideas includes Bråtens use of Schiffauer and collaborators concepts of social/national imaginary and civil enculturation. These concepts help in grasping the historical and sociological depth of national traditions. This publication is a groundbreaking study in the methodology of comparative religious education and the author won the award for Outstanding Research Student of 2009-2010 in the field of education at the University of Warwick.
Democratizing biblical studies : toward an emancipatory educational space
This book is a contribution to the development of a didactics of the Study of Religions (“Religionswissenschaft”). Based on a discussion of recent theory and methodology in the academic study of religions and in education, current models of integrative religious education in Europe (i.e. education about different religions in religiously mixed classrooms) are analysed and evaluated, with a special focus on England and Sweden. The book concludes with the suggestion of a European framework for integrative religious education from a study-of-religions perspective.
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
