http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15777 son (music)
son (music)
El tres cubano : A unique introduction to playing and understanding this traditional cuban instrument
Subway salsa : the Montuno Records story
Nothing sacred : based on Fathers and sons by Ivan Turgenev
El Tres Cubano : A unique introduction to playing and understanding... : Bilingual method = Método bilingüe
The So language
Cuba : your passport to a new world of music
Joseph and the amazing Technicolor dreamcoat
The Son Kolis of Bombay
Follow House's journey from rural pulpits and labor farms to smoky juke joints. In the 1930s, he became the decade's leading bluesman in Mississippi, and an important influence on Robert Johnson and Muddy Waters. This account of his life offers a fresh perspective on how the blues influenced American culture and spread throughout the world.
Pre-Existence, Wisdom, and The Son of Man : A Study of the Idea of Pre-Existence in the New Testament
The amazing Asterix omnibus
The best of Mr Bongo
Antologia del son de México = Anthology of Mexican sones
The son of man in the parables of Enoch and in Matthew
The prodigal son : some comments on the parable
Dragon Ball. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation / Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Autism breakthrough
The optical trade : Richard Wright and the African-American place in the field of vision
Anomaly Detection Algorithms for the Sleeping Cell Detection in LTE Networks
Art nouveau : lamps and fixtures of James Hinks & son
Fiesta cubana : live from the Tropicana
Dialect in D. H. Lawrence's novel Sons and lovers
Just James : the brother of Jesus in history and tradition
To today's confrontations between religion and science Jovanovic contrasts the vibrant collaboration that characterizes Jewish, Christian, and Islamic beginnings. Designation of the patriarch Joseph as both a dream interpreter and a diviner (Gen. 44.4, 15) is a specific example of biblical appropriation of the ancient Mediterranean understanding of cup divination and dream interpretation as among the scientific activities of its social, spiritual and academic elite. Jovanovic argues that the image of Joseph as a Hellenistic scientist nourished the popularity of early Jewish and Christian literature on Joseph. The works of Josephus and Philo, Rabbinic midrashim, and the newly discovered The Ethiopic Story of Joseph, as well as Jubilees, The Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and Joseph and Aseneth, hold that Joseph's profession was that of a scientist of vision. The interpretation of the symbolic images in dreams and cup divination was a scientific method of communication with the divine and of prediction of the future, which Jovanovic calls revelation by visual effects. Joseph's image as an Egyptian academic provoked varied responses in Hellenistic Jewish circles. The dismay expressed by Jubilees and Philo arose from Joseph's perceived betrayal of religious and traditional values. The acclamation of Josephus and The Ethiopic Story of Joseph demonstrates that a number of Hellenistic Jews believed that their creative integration into the vibrant Hellenistic culture could be successful and deepen their own Jewish identity. While previous scholarship has focused on representations of Joseph either as an ethical model or as a type of Christ, this is the first major work that explores the image of Joseph as an ancient scholar and spiritual expert.
Bigger Thomas : the existential hero in Richard Wright's Native son
Joseph : a story of divine providence : a text theoretical and textlinguistic analysis of Genesis 37 and 39-48
Salsa & pepper : ten latin jazz solos for piano
Anacaona : the Buena Vista Sister's Club : the amazing story of Cuba's forgotten girl band
Strictly worldwide x 3
Preachin' the blues : the life and times of Son House
The Pedrito Martinez Group
Zola's Son Excellence Eugène Rougon : an historical and critical study
Origins of Cuban music and dance : changüí
Wesley Olmstead examines the parables of the Two Sons, the Tenants and the Wedding Feast against the backdrop of the wider Matthean narrative. He explores Matthew's characterization of the Jewish leaders, the people and the nations, and assesses the respective roles of Israel and the nations in the plot of Matthew's Gospel. Against the current of contemporary Matthean scholarship, Olmstead argues both that the judgement this trilogy announces falls upon Israel (and not only her leaders) and that these parables point to the future inclusion of the nations in the nation that God had promised to raise up from Abraham. Bringing both literary-critical and redaction-critical tools to bear on the texts at hand, Olmstead not only elucidates the intended meanings of this parabolic trilogy but also attempts to determine the responses they elicited from their first readers. Transcending Matthean scholarship, this book has implications for all Gospel studies.
The long night
The Cross & the prodigal : Luke 15 through the eyes of Middle Eastern peasants
MLA awards prize for a distinguished scholarly edition to John Miles Foley̕s edition of The wedding of Mustajbey's son Bećirbey as performed by Halil Bajgorić (FFC 283)
D. H. Lawrence and Sons and lovers : sources and criticism
Ritmos cubanos : traditionelle und populäre Rhythmen aus Cuba für Congas und cubanische Rhythmus-Instrumente : Geschichte, Formen, Noten = traditional and popular rhythms from Cuba for congas and Cuban rhythm instruments : history, forms, music
The rough guide to Caribbean Café
Dragon Ball. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation by Gerard Jones] ; [translation : Mari Morimoto]
The return : fathers, sons and the land in between
Salsa! : Havana heat: Bronx beat
From Canaan to Egypt : structural and theological context for the Joseph story
Salsa : original motion picture soundtrack : the second album
The Son of God in the Roman world : divine sonship in its social and political context
Richard Wright's art of tragedy
Print culture and the Blackwood tradition, 1805-1930
The sellout
A Victorian publisher : a study of the Bentley papers
Sons of God, Seed of Abraham : a study of the idea of the sonship of God of all Christians in Paul against the Jewish background
Faces of salsa : a spoken history of music
The story of Wedgwood
Joseph in Egypt : a cultural icon from Grotius to Goethe
"Old ladies - they got a way of coming back and biting you in the ass" : the female character construction in Sons of Anarchy
Textualising an oral epic - a mission impossible?
Matthew's Trilogy of Parables : The Nation, the Nations and the Reader in Matthew 21:28-22:14
Charles Dickens : Dombey and son
Salsa world series. Volume 4 / DJ El Chino presents
The Unicorn road
Jesus and the Son of Man
Dragon Ball. Vol. 1 / [English adaptation / Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Studies in the narrative technique of Richard Wright's Native son
A comparative analysis of the roles and meanings of Chicago in Theodore Dreiser's Sister Carrie, Richard Wright's Native son and Saul Bellow's The dean's December
Sons and lovers
Son and Saviour : a study of Acts 13, 32-37, with an appendix, "Son of God" in the Synoptic Gospels
In my father's house
Bond markets, analysis and strategies
D. H. Lawrence : Sons and lovers
From Afrocuban music to salsa
Motifs of blindness in Richard Wright's Native son
The art and truth of the parables : a study in their literary form and modern interpretation
"A biting satire about a young man's isolated upbringing and the race trial that sends him to the Supreme Court"--
Live in the UK, alive in Cuba
Son of man : an African Jesus film
Dragon Ball. Vol. 9 / [English adaptation / Gerard Jones] ; [translation / Mari Morimoto]
Watch out! = Ten cuidao!
Salsa : original motion picture soundtrack
The expression 'Son of Man' and the development of Christology : a history of interpretation
Blues walkin' like a man : a tribute to Son House
The Son of Man debate : a history and evaluation
The art of Latin drumming : a new approach to learn traditional Afro-Cuban and Latin American rhythms on drums : in English and Spanish
The remarkable, award-winning film, Son of Man (2005), directed by the South African Mark Dornford-May, sets the Jesus story in a contemporary, fictional southern African Judea. While news broadcasts display the political struggles and troubles of this postcolonial country, moments of magical realism point to supernatural battles between Satan and Jesus as well. Jesus' Judean struggle with Satan begins with a haunting reprise of Matthew's 'slaughter of the innocents' and moves forward in a Steve Biko-like non-violent, community-building ministry, captured in graffiti and in the video footage that Judas takes to incriminate Jesus. Satan and the powers seemingly triumph when Jesus 'disappears', but then Mary creates a community that challenges such injustice by displaying her son's dead body upon a hillside cross. The film ends with shots of Jesus among the angels and everyday life in Khayelitsha (the primary shooting location), auguring hope of a new humanity (Genesis 1.26). This book's essays situate Son of Man in its African context, exploring the film's incorporation of local customs, music, rituals, and events as it constructs an imperial and postcolonial 'world'. The film is to be seen as an expression of postcolonial agency, as a call to constructive political action, as an interpretation of the Gospels, and as a reconfiguration of the Jesus film tradition. Finally, the essays call attention to their interested, ideological interpretations by using Son of Man to raise contemporary ethical, hermeneutical, and theological questions. As the film itself concisely asks on behalf of the children featured in it and their politically active mothers, 'Whose world is this'?
Father and son : Kingsley Amis, Martin Amis, and the British novel since 1950
"Raised in the "agrarian ghetto" of Dickens--improbably smack in the middle of downtown L.A.--the narrator of The Sellout resigned himself to the fate of all other middle-class Californians: "to die in the same bedroom you'd grown up in, looking up at the crack in the stucco ceiling that had been there since '68 quake." Raised by a single father, a controversial sociologist at Riverside Community College, he spent his childhood as the subject in psychological studies, classic experiments revised to include a racially-charged twist. He also grew up believing this pioneering work might result in a memoir that would solve their financial woes. But when his father is killed in a shoot out with the police, he realizes there never was a memoir. All that's left is the bill for a drive-thru funeral and some maudlin what-ifs. Fuelled by this injustice and the general disrepair of his down-trodden hometown, he sets out to right another wrong: Dickens has literally been removed from the map to save California further embarrassment. Enlisting the help of the town's most famous resident--the last surviving Little Rascal, Hominy Jenkins, our narrator initiates a course of action--one that includes reinstating slavery and segregating the local high school--destined to bring national attention. These outrageous events land him with a law suit heard by the Supreme Court, the latest in a series of cases revolving around the thorny issue of race in America. The Sellout showcases a comic genius at the top of his game. It challenges the most sacred tenets of the U.S. Constitution, urban life, the civil rights movement, the father-son relationship, and the holy grail of racial equality--the black Chinese restaurant"--
Cuban fire : the story of salsa and Latin jazz
Terror in the name of God : the story of the Sons of Freedom Doukhobors
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
Son of Man : the interpretation and influence of Daniel 7
The idea of pre-existence has a long history in early Jewish and Biblical traditions. Professor Hamerton-Kelly studies the various forms the idea takes in these traditions as they emerge in the New Testament. He pays special attention to the themes of Wisdom and the Son of Man, with detailed references to the relevant texts and sources. His conclusions are that there are two basic types of the idea of pre-existence in the New Testament - which he calls 'protological' and 'eschatological' respectively - and two entities which were chiefly understood in terms of these types - namely, Christ and the Church. This unusual book illuminates the process by which the early Church blended its Greek and Jewish heritages by analysing some of the conceptual patterns in the New Testament which anticipated that process. It will be of interest to New Testament scholars and historians of doctrine.
Glacier and climate : geophysical  and geomorhoogical essays dedicated to Hans W:son Ahlmann 14 November
From Afrocuban music to salsa : book + cd
Guinness's brewery in the Irish economy 1759-1876
Joseph of Genesis as Hellenistic scientist
Figurative and descriptive expressions in the language of The Morels in D. H. Lawrence's Sons and lovers
Pure architecture / [translation: Andrew Young]
Bodø-Saken : British diplomatic correspondence relating to the Bodø-affair
Lanthandlerskans son kommer igen : magisk realism från Svenskfinland = The return of the storekeeper's son : magic Swedo-Finnish realism
The art of playing timbales. Volume 1; edited by Dan Thress
The solution to the 'son of man' problem
D. H. Lawrence : Sons and lovers : a casebook
Guinness's brewery in the Irish economy, 1759-1876
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
Fictional techniques and factual works
The present state of Russia
The Christian and gnostic Son of Man
