http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15791 communist parties
communist parties
The communist parties of Italy, France and Spain : postwar change and continuity : a casebook
Journals of resistance
Communists of the world about their parties
Italian Communists versus the Soviet Union : the PCI charts a new foreign policy
Communism in Europe : continuity, change, and the Sino-Soviet dispute. Vol. 1-2
Red star in the North : communism in the Nordic countries
Communism in Europe : continuity, change, and the Sino-Soviet dispute. Vol. 1
In search of revolution : international communist parties in the Third Period
Europe and the communists
Renovating the Vietnamese Communist Party : Nguyen Van Linh and the programme for organizational reform, 1987-91
History of the Communist Party of Vietnam
Information bulletin of the central committee of the Romanian Communist Party
Comment : Communist fortnightly review
Watching a dragon's egg hatch : the making of a sinocentric world?
Channel the energy of youth into perestroika : speech at the All-Union Student Forum November 15, 1989
World Marxist review : Problems of peace and socialism
The communist party in power : a profile of party politics in Czechoslovakia
Revolution and defeat : the story of the Greek Communist party
Soviet trade unions : yesterday, today, tomorrow
The communist revolution in Asia : tactics, goals, and achievements
Coexistence : communism and its practice in Bologna 1945-1965
Genesis of Trotskyism : the first ten years of the Left Opposition
The Communist Party in post-Soviet Russia
Report of the Central Committee of the Bulgarian Communist Party to the Twelfth Congress, and the forthcoming tasks of the party, March 31, 1981 : Speech at the closing of the Twelfth Congress of the Bulgarian Communist Party, April 4, 1981
The ABC of communism : a popular explanation of the program of the Communist party of Russia
An outline history of the Viet Nam Workers' Party : (1930-1975)
Documents of the thirteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China : (October 25 - November 1, 1987)
Bolshevik party and the democratic revolution in Russia : the first Russian revolution and the period of reaction (1905-1910)
The era of Jiang Zemin
A communist party in action : an account of the organization and operations in France
The communist party of the Soviet Union
To the Party and people of Chile : manifesto of the communist party of Chile
Democratic centralism : an historical commentary
The rules of the communist party of the Soviet Union
Marxist local governments in Western Europe and Japan
In the spirit of the red banteng : Indonesian communists between Moscow and Peking 1959-1965
Ruling communist parties and their status under law
Amendments to the rules of the C. P. S. U. (B.) : report to the eighteenth congress of the C. P. S. U. (B.), March 18, 1939
New world disorder : the Leninist extinction
The people's communes
Journey into revolutionary China
The party statutes of the communist world
Communist participation in governmental coalitions : the case of Finland
Democratic reform in Yugoslavia : the changing role of the party
Science with a human face : the activity of the Czechoslovak scientists František Šorm and Otto Wichterle during the Cold War
Soviet trade unions : questions and answers
The communist parties of Western Europe : a comparative study
Soviet Russia and Indian communism 1917-1947
The changing face of Western communism
China's revolutionary wars
History of the communist party of the Soviet Union
2nd congress of the Communist Party of Cuba : main report presented by comrade Fidel Castro Ruz, first secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba
Economic problems of socialism in the U.S.S.R
The theory and practice of Italian communism. Vol. 1
Moscow and the Italian Communist Party : from Togliatti to Berlinguer
Battle lines in the Chinese blogosphere : keyword control as a tactic in managing mass incidents
The Soviet Communist Party
The rise and fall of the Soviet Rural Communist Party 1927-39
The communist party of the United States : from the Depression to World War II
The ABC of communism
Communist party of China : its organizations and their functions
Communist regimes and parties after the Second World War
The foreign politics of the Communist Party of Vietnam : a study of communist tactics
Selected writings of Leslie Morris 1923/1964 : look on Canada, now ..
Subverting the system : Gorbachev's reform of the party's apparat, 1986-1991
Communist regimes in comparative perspective : the evolution of the Soviet, Chinese and Yugoslav systems
Communism in Europe : continuity, change, and the Sino-Soviet dispute. Vol. 2
History of the Chinese Communist Party : a chronology of events (1919-1990)
World communism : a handbook 1918-1965
Pre-prison writings
Anti-parliamentary communism : the movement for workers' councils in Britain, 1917-45
The nationalities policy of the party in present-day conditions : address and report of the general secretary of the CPSU Central Committee at the plenady meeting of the Central Committee : September 19, 1989
Communist and Marxist parties of the world
Major doctrines of communist China
Information Bulletin : documents of the communist and workers parties, articles and speeches
On the building of the Workers' Party of Korea
Communist Party membership in the U.S.S.R. 1917-1967
Under the red flag : a history of communism in Britain, c. 1849-1991
Far left of center : the American radical left today
The tenth anniversary of The People's Republic of China
Workers against the monolith : the Communist parties since 1943
Resolution on CPC history : (1949-81)
The party of the working class and its policy of alliance
African communist
A documentary history of Chinese communism
Manifesto of the Communist Party
New program of the Communist Party U.S.A. : a draft
The origins of communism in Turkey
Thirty years of the Communist Party of China
Guide to the decisions of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union 1917-1967 = Ukazatel' rešenij Kommunističeskoj Partii Sovetskogo Soûza 1917-1967
10th session of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia held on October 10-11, 1988.
The dilemma of eurocommunism
Unity in diversity : Italian communism and the communist world
Speech at the rally in celebration of the 80th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of China : (July 1, 2001)
Documents of the thirteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China : (October 25-November 1, 1987)
