http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15742 matches (sports contests)
matches (sports contests)
Little book of the world cup : a world cup A to Z
Garry Kasparov On Garry Kasparov. Part III, 1993-2005
Manchester United Fergie's 2000 goals
Euro 2016 : the ultimate fan guide
Triathlon start to finish
Man of tai chi
From Morphy to Fischer : a history of the world chess championship
The boredom of Haruhi Suzumiya
Football record breakers
Football rivalries. Vol. 3, Celtic vs Rangers ; Sparta vs Slavia Prague
Becoming the natural : my life in and out of the cage
The mammoth book of the World Cup
Grudge match
Frank Marshall, United States chess champion : a biography with 220 games
My little pony : equestria girls. Rainbow rocks ; Friendship games
The MMA encyclopedia
Got fight? : the 50 zen principles of hand-to-face combat
Warrior
The urban geography of boxing : race, class, and gender in the ring
Anatomy Of Liverpool : a history of ten matches
The battle for Manchester : the rivalry between Mancester City and Manchester United
Ultimate triathlon : a complete training guide for long-distance triathletes
Science and football. VI, the proceedings of the sixth World Congress on science and football
Triathlon manual
UFC : PlayStation 4
Superman vs. Muhammad Ali : Deluxe edition
Garry Kasparov on Garry Kasparov. Part I : 1973-1985
How to watch football
Football rivalries. Vol. 7, Tottenham vs Arsenal ; Dinamo vs Hajduk
Football rivalries. Vol. 4, Boca Juniors vs River Plate ; Rapid vs Austria Vienna
Football rivalries. Vol 8, AC Milan vs Inter Milan ; Roma vs Lazio
Soccer with mom
Glorious : my world, football and me
Football rivalries. Vol. 5, Galatasaray vs Fenerbache ; Dortmund vs Schalke
When competition is brough into play : how users can share what they have generated
Science and football. VII, the proceedings of the Seventh World Congress on Science and Football
Pawn sacrifice
My 60 memorable games
Glorious : my world, football and me /  Paul Gascoigne with David Wilson
Triathlon : Technique, traaining, competition
The complete idiot's guide to ultimate fighting
UFC 2 : Xbox One
Mixed martial arts for dummies
Football's strangest matches : extraordinary but true stories from over a century of football
Tips for success : triathlon
Moniottelujen Eurooppa Cup 2005 1. liiga = European Cup Combined Events 1. League
Skating in ice hockey
A life without limits
The great santa race
Football rivalries. Vol 2, Liverpool vs Manchester Utd ; Benfica vs Sporting Lissabon
Poker tournament strategies
Football rivalries. Vol 6, Barcelona vs Madrid ; Olympiakos vs Panathinaikos
The Philly kid
The triathlete's training bible
FightSport : Espoo
My fight, your fight
Quadriceps and hamstring muscle EMG activity during a football match
Triathlon Plus
Garry Kasparov On Garry Kasparov. Part II : 1985-1993
UFC undisputed 3 : Xbox 360
Manchester United vs Manchester City : classic Manchester derby games
Here comes the boom
UFC 2 : PlayStation 4
Manchester United : greatest ever matches
A. Alekhine : agony of a chess genius
Alan Shearer
Budapest 1896 : The first great chess tournament in Hungary
Cold war : the amazing Canada-Soviet hockey series of 1972
International hockey guide 1977
The fight
The Decathlon : a colorful history of track and field's most challenging event
World's craziest football matches
Total MMA : inside ultimate fighting
