http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15741 Amphipoda
Amphipoda amphipods
The biological and socio-economic aspects of prawn fishery in the Tanzanian coastal waters
Workshop on Bycatch, Particularly in Prawn Fisheries, and on the Implementation of an Ecosystem Approach to Fisheries Management : Maputo, Mozambique, 15-24 November 2005
Abstract.
The caridean shrimps (Crustacea: Decapoda) of the Albatross Philippine Expedition, 1907-1910. Part 7, Families Atyidae, Eugonatonotidae, Rhynchocinetidae, Bathypalaemonellidae, Processidae, abd Hippolytidae
A revision of the genus Echinogammarus Stebbing, 1899, with some notes on related genera (Crustacea, Amphipoda)
Tropical shrimp fisheries : types of fishing gear used and their selectivity
BEAM 1 and BEAM 2 : Simple bio-economic analytical simulation models for sequential fisheries on tropical shrimp
Life history of an Arctic crustacean Onisimus caricus (Amphipoda: Lysianassidae) as deduced from baited trap samples taken from Adventfjorden, Svalbard
Simply shrimp : 101 recipes for everybody's favorite seafood
Report of the Meeting of Fisheries Managers and Ministers of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Working Group on Shrimp and Groundfish Resources in the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, 26-29 March 2001
Evaluation of shrimp by-products for pigs in Central Vietnam
Interactive effects of parasitism and predation on the behaviour of the amphipod Pallasea quadrispinosa
Effects of algal sedimentation and Monoporeia affinis on nutrient fluxes, pore water profiles and denitrification in sediment microcosms
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 1, Amphipoda (Plates)
Farming freshwater prawns : a manual for the culture of giant river prawn (Macrobrachium rosenbergii)
Invertebrates of Scandinavian caves V : Diplopoda, Chilopoda, Isopoda and Amphipoda
Report of the Third Workshop on the Assessment of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Belém, Brazil, 24 May-10 June 1999
Report of the FAO/Government of Australia Expert Consultation on Good Management Practices and Good Legal and Institutional Arrangements for Sustainable Shrimp Culture : Brisbane, Australia, 4-7 December 2000.
Food microbiology laboratory
Key role of the amphipod Gmelinoides fasciatus in reed beds of Lake Ladoga
An account of the Crustacea of Norway with short descriptions and figures of all the species. Vol. 1, Amphipoda (Text)
Bycatch and discard in Senegalese artisanal and industrial fisheries for Southern Pink Shrimp (Penaeus notialis)
Effects of size on growth and survival in a deposit feeding amphipod, Monoporeia affinis, in the Gulf of Bothnia (N. Baltic Sea)
Environmental impacts of trade liberalization and policies for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on Bangladesh's shrimp farming industry
An economic analysis of development of Greenland's shrimp fishing and processing industry
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
Assessment methods for shrimp stocks in the North-Eastern Atlantic
Report of the four GEF/UNEP/FAO regional workshops on reducing the impact of tropical shrimp trawl fisheries : Lagos, Nigeria, 15-17 December 1999, Puntareñas, Costa Rica, 15-17 January 2000, Teheran, Islamic Republic of Iran, 28 February-1 March 2000, Denpassar, Bali, Indonesia, 6-8 March 2000.
Food selection and feeding behaviour of Baltic Sea mysid shrimps
Current trends in the study of bacterial and viral fish and shrimp diseases
Structuring factors for macroinvertebrate communities and the importance for ecosystem processing
Report of the third session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, New Delhi, India, 4-8 September 2006 = Rapport de la troisième session du Sous comité de l'aquaculture, New Delhi, Inde, 4-8 septembre 2006 = Informe de la tercera reunión del Subcomité de acuicultura, Nueva Delhi, India, 4-8 de septiembre de 2006.
Nutrient requirements of fish and shrimp
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Effect of season on the acute thermal tolerance and thermal inactivation of membrane (Mg2++ Na++ K+)- and Mg2+-adenosine triphosphatase activity of the Baltic Sea amphipods, Monoporeia affinis and Gammarus spp
Chromosomal relatioships of the endemic Amphipoda (Crustacea) in the ancient lakes Ohrid and Baikal
Assessing environmental and contaminant stressors in a benthic amphipod
Mathematical models with aftereffect in population dynamics
Report of the Regional Workshop on Approaches to Reducing Shrimp Trawl Bycatch in the Western Indian Ocean : Mombasa, Kenya, 13-15 April 2003.
On vision in Pontoporeia affinis and P. femorata (Crustacea, Amphipoda)
The workshop received national reports and reviews concerning bycatch, sea turtle distribution, critical habitats, main sources of natural and man-induced mortality and conservation efforts. The use of turtle excluding devices and interactions between sea turtles and fisheries in the shrimp trawling was discussed. Two different methods of identifying ecosystem approach to fisheries issues and risk analysis in order to prioritize the issues were presented and tested.--Publisher's description.
Mass-occurrence of pollen-feeding mysid shrimp Neomysis integer (Leach, 1814), Crustacea: Mysidacea
Ecophysiology of two benthic amphipod species from the northern Baltic Sea
Risk assessment of choleragenic Vibrio cholerae 01 and 0139 in warm-water shrimp in international trade : interpretative summary and technical report
Population dynamics, reproduction and production of Pontoporeia affinis (Crustaceae, Amphipoda) in a meromictic bay in the northern Åland Islands, Baltic Sea
Shrimp is now the most valuable internationally traded fishery commodities. This report summarizes the results of an FAO commissioned global study focusing on social, economic and environmental impacts, and also contains studies representative of various geographic regions and of a variety of important shrimp fishery conditions: Australia, Cambodia, Indonesia, Kuwait, Madagascar, Mexico, Nigeria, Norway, Trinidad and Tobago and the United States of America.--Publisher's description.
A freshwater amphipod Gammarus lacustris Sars in Utsjoki, Finnish Lapland
Guide to the benthic marine amphipods of southern Africa
Regional reviews and national management reports Fourth Workshop on the Assessment and Management of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Cumaná, Venezuela, 2-13 October 2000
Global study of shrimp fisheries
Some ecological and social implications of commercial shrimp farming in Asia
Health management and biosecurity maintenance in white shrimp (Penaeus vannamei) hatcheries in Latin America
On-farm feeding and feed management in aquaculture
Assessment of comparative advantage in aquaculture : framework and application on selected species in developing countries
Export Barriers for SMEs : A Case Study of Bangladeshi Small and Medium Sized Shrimp Exporting Companies to the European Market
The OIE Global Conference on Aquatic Animal Health, Bergen, Norway, 9-12 October 2006
First findings of the North American amphipod Gammarus tigrinus Sexton, 1939 along the Finnish coast
First record of the invasive prawn Palaemon elegans in the brackish northern Baltic Sea
International trade in fishery products has increased, together with the absolute and relative importance of aquaculture, as a source of fish production. Shrimp and salmon are two examples of species grown in developing countries that are traded internationally. How successful a country is in competing against other producers depends in part on transport and on satisfying food standards, but also on its costs of production. Comparative advantage is a means of comparing relative costs and indicating the species and markets where there is the greatest likelihood of success. There are problems with estimating comparative advantage: the method can be static rather than dynamic and may not indicate long-run opportunities. However, it is a useful tool for planners who devise aquaculture strategies and for individual fish farmers. Two methods exist for estimating comparative advantage -- both have been applied to aquaculture. The domestic resource cost (DRC) method relies on production cost data to compare efficiency. Distortions may require the estimation of shadow prices to reflect true social opportunity costs but, when adjusted, the country that has the lowest DRC has a comparative advantage. The DRC method is dynamic, providing useful information to decision-makers; however, cost data may be difficult to obtain and shadow pricing is problematic. The second method is revealed comparative advantage (RCA) whereby comparative advantage is inferred from an ex post assessment of actual trade and specialization. From trade statistics, estimates are obtained to examine whether a country exports a species to a particular country more than to the rest of the world; if so, it is judged to have a comparative advantage in that particular market. The RCA method is more descriptive and has less predictive potential than the DRC approach but it has the advantage of data availability. This paper illustrates the concept of comparative advantage and some of its policy implications by presenting two case studies: the first one focuses on shrimp exporting countries while the second one is based on freshwater aquaculture production of carp, catfish and tilapia. The RCA method is used in both cases.
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
Introductions and movement of two penaeid shrimp species in Asia and the Pacific
Improving Penaeus monodon hatchery practices : manual based on experience in India
