http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15780 access control
access control
Access and identity management for libraries : controlling access to online information
Android security : attacks and defenses
Network security : current status and future directions
Hacking exposed(TM) VoIP : Voice over IP security secrets & solutions
MCTS Windows server 2008 : network infrastructure configuration : study guide
Enterprise level security : securing information systems in an uncertain world
Computer system security : basic concepts and solved exercises
Cyberspace and cybersecurity
Schneier on security
Vulnerability management: sofware vulnerability, gartner, vulnerability (computing)
A model of security architecture for multi-party transactions
Intrusion detection applications using knowledge discovery and data mining
Encyclopedia of information ethics and security
Security and quality of service in ad hoc wireless networks
Public-key cryptography : American Mathematical Society Short Course, January 13-14, 2003, Baltimore, Maryland
Semantics-based access control in business networks
Cryptography, information theory, and error-correction : a handbook for the 21st century
Metasploit penetration testing cookbook : over 70 recipes to master the most widely used penetration testing framework
Firewalls : jumpstart for network and systems administrators
Anomaly-based online intrusion detection system as a sensor for cyber security situational awareness system
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Programming Windows Identity Foundation
Networking essentials : a CompTIA Network+ N10-006 textbook
Anti-hacker tool kit
Mac OS X system administration
Computer security : principles and practice
Implementing database security and auditing : a guide for DBAs, information security administrators and auditors
Identity and access management : risks, challenges and measurements
Abstract: Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint.
Enforcing trust for execution-protection in modern environments
Abstract: Identity management using Security Assertion Markup Language : integration of SAML with Spring Security.
Introduction to modern cryptography
Enterprise information systems assurance and system security : managerial and technical issues
Digital privacy : theory, technologies, and practices
Firewalls and Internet security : repelling the wily hacker
CCSP Cisco Secure PIX firewall advanced exam certification guide
ISA server 2004 unleashed
Malware analyst's cookbook and DVD : tools and techniques for fighting malicious code
Practical VoIP security
Information security
Mechanics of user identification and authentication : fundamentals of identity management
Security without obscurity : a guide to confidentiality, authentication, and integrity
Routing TCP/IP. 1
Firewall policies and VPN configurations
Cisco ASA : all-in-one next-generation firewall, IPS, and VPN services
Mac OS X security and mobility v10.6
Corporate computer and network security
Security+ prep guide
Access controlled : the shaping of power, rights, and rule in cyberspace
A contingency framework to assure the user-centered quality and to support the design of anti-phishing software
Routing TCP/IP. Volume 2
Java in a nutshell
"The traditional view of information security includes three cornerstones: confidentiality, integrity, and availability, also known as the CIA of information security. As the field has become more complex, both novices and professionals with years of experience need a good reference book outlining the basics. Rather than focusing on compliance or policies and procedures, this book takes a top-down approach. Providing insight from the author's experience developing dozens of standards, the book starts with the fundamentals to bridge the understanding gaps--approaching information security from the bedrock principles of CIA"--
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
How to secure and audit Oracle 10g and 11g
Access control systems : security, identity management and trust models
Network security : know it all
Metasploit: the penetration tester's guide / by David Kennedy...[et al.]
Principles of wireless access and localization
their own needs and requirements. This will have an effect to the business continuity and cost efficiency.
SACMAT 2004 : proceedings of Ninth ACM Symposium on Access Control Models and Technologies, June 2-4, 2004, Yorktown Heights, New York, USA
Hacking : the next generation
Identity management using Security Assertion Markup Language : integration of SAML with Spring Security
Security and privacy in the age of ubiquitous computing : IFIP TC11 20th International Information Security Conference, May 30-June 1, 2005, Chiba, Japan
"Preface xvi Android Security: Attacks and Defenses Audience Our book is targeted at security architects, system administrators, enterprise SDLC managers, developers, white-hat hackers, penetration testers, IT architects, CIOs, students, and regular users. If you want to learn about Android security features, possible attacks and means to prevent them, you will find various chapters in this book as a useful starting point. Our goal is to provide readers with enough information so that they can quickly get up and running on Android, with all of the basics of the Android platform and related security issues under their belts. If you are an Android hacker, or if you are very well versed in security concerns of the platform, this book is not for you. Support Errata and support for this book are available on the CRC Press website and on our site: www.androidinsecurity.com. Our site will also have downloads for applications and tools created by the user. Sample applications created by the authors are available on our website under the Resource section. Readers should download apk files from our website and use them in conjunction with the text, wherever needed. Username: android Password: ISBN-10 number of the book--1439896461 Structure Our book is divided into 10 chapters. Chapter 1 provides an introduction to the mobile landscape. Chapters 2 and 3 introduce the reader to the Android OS and application architecture, respectively. Chapter 4 delves into Android security features. Chapters 5 through 9 cover various aspects of security for the Android platform and applications. The last chapter looks at the future landscape of threats. Appendixes A and B (found towards the end of the book) talk about the severity ratings of"--
Network security auditing
Network Access Control : single computer viewpoint
Managing information security
802.1X port-based authentication
Windows Server 2008 Networking and Network Access Protection (NAP)
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Computer security
Cisco network security troubleshooting handbook
Introduction to security and network forensics
Information technology : security techniques : code of practice for information security management = Technologies de l'information : techniques de sécurité : code de bonne pratique pour la gestion de sécurité de l'information
Abstract:.
Complexity and cryptography : an introduction
Voice over ip security : a comprehensive survey of vulnerabilities and academic research
Introduction to computer networks and cybersecurity
VPN an IPsec : performance of SmoothWall and VPN
Ethical hacking and countermeasures : web applications and data servers, book 3 of 4
Summary.
Access denied : the practice and policy of global Internet filtering
Policymaking for critical infrastructure : a case study on strategic interventions in public safety telecommunications
Modern cryptography : theory and practice
Information security : a manager's guide to thwarting data thieves and hackers
Security-as-a-service providers : Telus, NEC, Inca Internet, Barracuda Networks, Websense, Panda Security, McAfee, Kaspersky Lab, Scansafe
Cisco Networking Academy Program : fundamentals of network security companion guide
Authentication : from passwords to public keys
TCP/IP : the ultimate protocol guide. Vol. 2 : Applications, access and data security
Access control in distributed systems using SPKI authorisation certificates
Security information and event management (SIEM) implementation /c David R. Miller ... [et al.]
Practical empedded security : building secure resource-constrained systems
The complete guide to cybersecurity risks and controls
Information security governance simplified : from the boardroom to the keyboard
Administration of securid users in Luvata virtual private network
Information security management handbook. Vol. 6
Information security : protecting the global enterprise
Admission control for multiuser communication systems
Gray hat hacking : the ethical hacker's handbook
Hack the stack : using Snort and Ethereal to master the 8 layers of an insecure network
