http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1572 church holidays
church holidays
The feasts of the Lord : an introduction to the twelve feasts and Orthodox Christology
Exaltation of the Cross : toward the origins of the Feast of the Cross and the meaning of the Cross in early medieval liturgy
Easter
The Oxford companion to the year
The folklore of world holidays
English abstracts. - Santraukos lietuvių.
The stations of the sun : a history of the ritual year in Britain
An Orthodox festival book in the Habsburg Empire : Zaharija Orfelin's Festive greeting to Mojsej Putnik (1757)
The origins of the celebration of the Christian feast of Epiphany : an ideological, cultural and historical study
Celebration : the book of Jewish festivals
The 'Latin' within the 'Greek' : the feast of the Holy Eucharist in the context of Ruthenian eastern rite liturgical evolution in the 16th-18th centuries
Szent és profan között : a szeged-alsóvárosi búcsú : [3. nemzetközi néprajzi szeminárium] = Between the sacred and the profane : the pilgrimage feast of Szeged-Alsóváros : [the 3rd international ethnology summer seminar]
The major feasts of the Orthodox Church
Celebration!
The studies collected in 'Preaching after Easter' examine the festal history and homiletics of Mid-Pentecost, Ascension, and Pentecost in the late antique Mediterranean world. Articles on individual sermons or the work of individual preachers such as John Chrysostom, Augustine of Hippo, Peter Chrysologus, Leo the Great, and Severus of Antioch exhibit the richness of late antique festal preaching. Questions of authenticity, heresiology, and theological, exegetical, or liturgical history are addressed with methodological rigor. Complementary contributions that deal with ancient Jewish-Christian dialogue, art-historical reception, and contemporary liturgical theology illustrate the wide ramifications of ancient Christian festal practice. Students and scholars of these feasts and the interpretive traditions devoted to them will find this volume to be an indispensable source of information and analysis.
Celebrate Christmas
A year of Russian feasts
Toward the origins of Christmas
The faith of St. Nick : an advent devotional
Lazarus Saturday and The Feast of the Entry of our Lord into Jerusalem
Rick Steves' European Christmas
Dates and meanings of religious and other multi-ethnic festivals 2002-2005
The General Menaion
Approaching sacred pregnancy : the cult of the Visitation and narrative altarpieces in late fifteenth-century Florence
The origins of feasts, fasts, and seasons in early Christianity
Preaching after easter : Mid-Pentecost, Ascencion, and Pentecost in late antiquity
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
High days and holidays in Iceland
The Promise of His glory : services and prayers for the season from All Saints to Candlemas
The Feast of Corpus Christi
Christian feast and festival : the dynamics of western liturgy and culture
