http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15754 rheumatology
rheumatology
Primary care rheumatology
Textbook of rheumatology. Vol. 1
Summary.
"Written by physicians, General Medicine for Physical Therapists introduces the basic principles of internal medicine and general pathology clearly and comprehensively for physical therapy (PT) students and practitioners-essential for understanding disease patterns and symptoms as well as diagnostic procedures and medical therapies. For practitioners of physical therapy, exercise physiology, massage therapy, and other allied health disciplines, it is a reliable and easy-to-use reference that will help them fully understand their patients' medical conditions and provide the highest levels of care" -- Provided by publisher.
Kelley's textbook of rheumatology. Vol. 1
Textbook of disorders and injuries of the musculoskeletal system : an introduction to orthopaedics, fractures and joint injuries, rheumatology, metabolic bone disease and rehabilitation
Cellular inflammation in arthritis : a study of clinical, histological, and immunological aspects in rheumatoid and reactive arthritis
Scandinavian journal of rheumatology. Supplement
Orthopaedic physiotherapy
Osteoarthritis : a companion to rheumatology
With this user-friendly book at hand, students and PT practitioners will have the knowledge to identify underlying medical conditions, develop individualized treatment plans that take these factors into account, achieve sound therapeutic goals, and refer patients to other resources where necessary.Special Features: The only general medicine book for physical therapists written with the in-depth knowledge and experience of practicing MDs Organized in two logical sections: the first, General Pathology, provides a basic foundation in the origin and course of diseases, cardinal signs and symptoms, and diagnostic and therapeutic procedures; the second, Internal Medicine, focuses on anatomy, physiology, and diagnosis of pathologies found in different organ systems,with a concentration on diseases that are treated with physical therapy Presents the information in concise summary form but with enough detail to enable PTs to accurately screen and diagnose patients Offers nearly 300 full-color, didactic illustrations that serve as a superb visual aid to learning Includes numerous tables, chapter summaries, a glossary of medical terminology, and dozens of case studies that make every concept clear and accessible Assists in exam preparation by furnishing dozens of study questions and answers Now a major part of the curriculum in undergraduate and graduate physical therapy programs, internal medicine and general pathology are part of the basic equipment" of the physical therapist. For PT students, this book will be a training guide throughout their studies and a valuable review as they prepare for examinations.
Rheumatology : evidence-based practice for physiotherapists and occupational therapists
Adapted physical education in the mainstream
Kelley's textbook of rheumatology. Vol. 2
Rheumatoid factor isotypes in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and subjects with "false positive" rheumatoid factor reactions
Microbiological diagnosis of joint infection in rheumatic disease
Oxford handbook of rheumatology
Cash's textbook of orthopaedics and rheumatology for physiotherapists
Interactive hand
Pediatric advanced practice nursing ; Rheumatology
General pathology and internal medicine for physical therapists
Textbook of rheumatology. Vol. 2
Physical therapy for children
