http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15731 liberty of conscience
liberty of conscience
Liberty of conscience : in defense of America's tradition of religious equality
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
Summary: Freedom of science.
The autonomy of morality
"The concept of autonomy is one of Kant's central legacies for contemporary moral thought. We often invoke autonomy as both a moral ideal and a human right, especially a right to determine oneself independently of foreign determinants; indeed, to violate a person's autonomy is considered to be a serious moral offence. Yet while contemporary philosophy claims Kant as the originator of its notion of autonomy, Kant's own conception of the term seems to differ in important respects from our present-day interpretation. Kant on Moral Autonomy brings together a distinguished group of scholars who explore the following questions: what is Kant's conception of autonomy? What is its history and its influence on contemporary conceptions? And what is its moral significance? Their essays will be of interest both to scholars and students working on Kantian moral philosophy and to anyone interested in the subject of autonomy"--
Nietzsche is a central figure in our modern understanding of the individual as freely determining his or her own values. These essays by leading Nietzsche scholars investigate what this freedom really means: How free are we really? What does it take to be free? It might be a 'right', but it also needs to be earned
Ethical decision making in nursing
Kantian ethics
Secularism and freedom of conscience
The pathologies of individual freedom : Hegel's social theory
Liberation from self : a theory of personal autonomy
Freedom of conscience : proceedings : seminar
Freedom, autonomy, and the limits of medical paternalism
Manipulation : theory and practice
Homeschooling, freedom of conscience, and the school as republican sanctuary: an analysis of arguments representing polar conceptions of the secular state and religious neutrality
Summary.
Kant and the fate of autonomy : problems in the appropriation of the critical philosophy
My struggle for freedom : memoirs
Negotiating autonomy and authority in Muslim contexts
60 years of the universal declaration of human rights
Scepticism, freedom and autonomy : a study of the moral foundations of Descartes' Theory of Knowledge
Action and person : conscience in late scholasticism and the young Luther
The theory and practice of autonomy
Who owns academic work? : battling for control of intellectual property
Leaving Islam : apostates speak out
Autonomous agents : from self-control to autonomy
Transcendentalism never came to an end in America. It just went underground for a stretch, but is back in full force in Robert Brandom's new book. Brandom takes up Kant and Hegel and explores their contemporary significance as if little time had expired since intellectuals gathered around Emerson in Concord to discuss reason and idealism, selves, freedom, and community. Brandom's discussion belongs to a venerable tradition that distinguishes us as rational animals, and philosophy by its concern to understand, articulate, and explain the notion of reason that is thereby cast in that crucial demarcating role. An emphasis on our capacity to reason, rather than merely to represent, has been growing in philosophy over the last thirty years, and Robert Brandom has been at the center of this development. "Reason in Philosophy" is the first book that gives a succinct overview of his understanding of the role of reason as the structure at once of our minds and our meanings - what constitutes us as free, responsible agents. The job of philosophy is to introduce concepts and develop expressive tools for expanding our self-consciousness as sapients: explicit awareness of our discursive activity of thinking and acting, in the sciences, politics, and the arts. This is a paradigmatic work of contemporary philosophy.
The present volume contains the proceedings of a workshop that took place as part of a larger project carried out by the Groningen Research School for the Study of the Humanities (GRSSH). The framework of the overall research perspective was a study of 'the autonomy of culture and its components'. In November 2006, colleagues from various departments at the University of Groningen who work in the field of Islamic studies jointly organised a workshop on the subject of 'autonomy and Islam'. For and from each of our disciplines, i.e. anthropology, psychology, pedagogy, philology and religious studies, internationally renowned scholars were invited to participate.
East-West migration : the alternatives
Politics in dark times : encounters with Hannah Arendt
Kant on moral autonomy
The freedom machine : home-based dialysis and caring for the self
Social structures, social capital, and personal freedom
Freedom, autonomy and the limits of medical paternalism
Autonomy and Liberalism
Autonomy and the challenges of liberalism : new essays
Fuck it : the ultimate spiritual way
F**ck it : do what you love
Escape everything!
This outstanding collection of essays explores Hannah Arendt's thought against the background of recent world-political events unfolding since September 11, 2001, and engages in a contentious dialogue with one of the greatest political thinkers of the past century, with the conviction that she remains one of our contemporaries. Themes such as moral and political equality, action and natality, and judgment and freedom are reevaluated with fresh insights by a group of thinkers who are themselves well known for their original contributions to political thought. Other essays focus on novel and little-discussed themes in the literature by highlighting Arendt's views of sovereignty, international law and genocide, nuclear weapons and revolutions, imperialism and Eurocentrism, and her contrasting images of Europe and America. Each essay displays not only superb Arendt scholarship but also stylistic flair and analytical tenacity.
Beyond a one-dimensional state : an emerging right to autonomy?
Nietzsche on freedom and autonomy
The collective dimension of freedom of religion : a case study on Turkey
Reason in philosophy : animating ideas
Political discipline in a free society : the sustained initiative
In pursuit of the UnSafe : locating the native artist
Contemporary threats and opportunities : academic freedom and institutional autonomy within the context of accreditation, quality assurance and rankings : proceedings of the Conference of the Magna Charta observatory 15-16 september 2011
Information ethics : privacy, property, and power
