http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15803 feminist literary criticism
feminist literary criticism
Exploring identity and body in Helen Fielding's Bridget Jones's diary
Illusion, disguise and masquerade : sex, gender and performativity in the fiction of C. L. Moore from 1933 to 1957
Carter's Gothic : the Gothic Tradition and Representations of Gender in Angela Carter's Short Stories
Materialist feminisms
Mother tongues : sexuality, trials, motherhood, translation
Feminist interpretations of Ayn Rand
Transgressive transcripts : gender and sexuality in contemporary Chinese Canadian women's writing
Queens in Shakespeare's tragedies
Although she enjoyed only modest success during her lifetime, Kate Chopin is now recognised as a unique voice in American literature. Her seminal novel, The Awakening, published in 1899, explored new and startling territory, and stunned readers with its frank depiction of the limits of marriage and motherhood. The essays in this Companion treat a wide range of Chopin's stories and novels in their historical, literary and transatlantic context. The result is a collection that brings a fresh perspective to Chopin's writing, one that will appeal to researchers and students of American, nineteenth-century and feminist literature".
Encyclopedia of feminist literary theory
New lesbian criticism : literary and cultural readings
Femininities in Marian Keyes's This Charming Man : a discourse analytical approach
Feminine subject in children's literature
Collision of emancipation and didacticism : the development of Finnish Girls’ Literature 1889- 2011.
Thresholds of difference : feminist critique, native women's writings, postcolonial theory
Narrative theory unbound : queer and feminist interventions
Julia Kristeva : speaking the unspeakable
Communication knowledge : postcolonial feminist reader theory in the fiction of Erna Brodber
The feminist reader : essays in gender and the politics of literary criticism
Michel Foucault refers to 1965-1970 as, in philosophical terms, 'the five brief, impassioned, jubilant, enigmatic years'. This book reinterprets Jacques Derrida's work from this period, most especially in L'Écriture et la Différence (Writing and Difference), and argues that a transformation takes place here which has been marginalized in readings of his work to date. Irwin follows with a look at how the 'grammatological opening' becomes crucial for Derrida's work in the 1970s and beyond, incorporating one of his last readings of embodiment from 2000. By drawing our attention to the politics of desire and sexuality, this groundbreaking book engages with the work of key continental theorists, including Artaud, Bataille, Nietzsche, Heidegger, Habermas and Cixous, whilst also examining Derrida's relationship with Plato and feminist theory. It will appeal to a wide range of readers within the social sciences and philosophy, particularly those with interests in gender and sexuality, social theory, continental thought, queer studies and literary theory.
The 1990s has seen the growing consolidation of lesbian and gay studies as a key area of cultural theory, particularly in relation to ideas about the construction of subjectivity and identity. Lesbian theory specifically intersects with feminism and sexuality/identity politics to critique both gender and (hetero) sexuality, while developments in lesbian criticism suggest a move towards a new textual practice. This volume explores whether there can be a specific lesbian aesthetic, juxtaposed against reading as a 'woman' or as a 'heterosexual'. Contributors both explore the uses of recent theories such as post-structuralism and offer a lesbian critique of such methodologies. Close readings of contemporary lesbian fiction and popular culture focus on works such as Zami, Oranges Are Hot the Only Fruit, The Wanderground and Desert of the Heart, as well as on lesbian pornography. Together the essays point to lesbian culture's ability to create new meanings for itself and to foreground the intertextuality of lesbian identities. This important book, which includes a reassessment of lesbian literary criticism by Bonnie Zimmerman, contributes to a new and growing field of critical theory.
Hélène Cixous & the theatre : the scene of writing
Translating women
Hélène Cixous : live theory
The Cambridge companion to Kate Chopin
This book examines the construction of women's subjectivity and the textual production of Canadian female voices orchestrated in history, culture, ethnicity, and sexuality. The book, stressing the dissemination and re-inscription of femaleness and femininity in Chinese Canadian history, employs critical models that defy the sexual/textual imaginary of the Canadian literary scene. Four fields of study are conjoined: feminist theories of the body, gender and sexuality studies, women's writing, and Asian North American studies. Analysing four writers, SKY Lee, Larissa Lai, Lydia Kwa, and Evelyn Lau, the book anchors its thematic and theoretical concern with female sexuality in the context of Chinese Canadian writing. Feminist narratives and gender politics in contemporary Asian North American literature are highlighted via the trope of 'transgression'.
Feminism and dialogics : Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Meridel Le Sueur, Mikhail M. Bakhtin
Textual mothers/maternal texts : motherhood in contemporary women's literatures
Seeking the self, encountering the other : diasporic narrative and the ethics of representation
Radical feminism, writing, and critical agency : from manifesto to modem
"I have never seen a woman" : the tension between the decadent aesthetics and the new woman themes in the early prose work of L. Onerva
Feminism and traditional aesthetics
From shadow to presence : representations of ethnicity in contemporary American literature
Skirting the subject : pursuing language in the works of Adrienne Rich, Susan Griffin, and Beverly Dahlen
Feminist literary theory : a reader
Feminist literary studies : an introduction
Matricide in language : writing theory in Kristeva and Woolf
Making a difference : feminist literary criticism
Julia Kristeva's most remarkable contribution to modern thought has been her revelation of how pre-verbal experience - poetic, infantile, maternal and spiritual, or simply the experience of suffering - enters language through the processes of literature, art and psychoanalysis. Anne-Marie Smith's concise introductory study examines Kristeva in the light of her contemporary activity as writer, teacher and psychoanalyst. Tracing the evolution of Kristeva's thinking over the last thirty years she draws attention to its conceptual coherence and value as a work-in-progress of cultural critique. Smith provides close readings of the original texts, new translations and first-hand accounts of Kristeva's lectures. Kristeva's influence in Anglo-American thought is set against her place in the French intellectual tradition. She emphasizes Kristeva's involvement in public cultural activity and personal commitment to psychoanalytic practice as well as her insistent interrogation of the place of women and of foreignness in social structures.
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Magical life and happy ending? : The truth about the heroine of the Grimms' fairy tales
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 2, 19th century : topics & authors (A-B)
"This collection of new essays looks carefully at the broad spectrum of Neil Gaiman's work and how he interacts with feminism. Sixteen diverse essays from Gaiman scholars and fans alike examine highlights from Gaiman's graphic novels, short stories, novels, poems and screenplays, and confront the difficult issues he raises"--
This volume presents a collection of polemic essays arguing that theories of reading are informed by sexual images, that practices of reading are inevitably sexualized, and that both sexuality and gender are themselves interpreted as texts. Firstly, the contributors speculate on the meaning of "textuality". Secondly, they turn to the question of defining woman, and consider why one should want to use or to question the word "woman" in view of the pitfalls and pleasures associated with it. Next, they address the issue of feminism. The account is selective but sets out to give a flavour of some debates and of ways in which theories of textuality must invade any account of feminist thinking. After feminism the book turns to "men's studies". The contributors sample a range of issues such as how and why some women are made "masculine", the role of initiatory rites in the construction of the ideologies of manhood, the problematics of the display of effeminacy, the dialectical counter-model for the West of the Hindu concept of man, and issues in homosexuality. Michael Worton and Judith Still also wrote "Intertextuality".
Dancing at the devil's party : essays on poetry, politics, and the erotic
Reading Lacan
The luxury of nationalist despair : George Lamming's fiction as decolonizing project
The ambiguity of silence in Muriel Spark's The driver's seat
In this book gender is the lens through which autobiography and biography are scrutinized. The authors show what is revealed when they magnify the gendered aspects of both men's and women's writing. The eternal questions of identity, choice, responsibility, happiness, tragedy, and even death are interpreted in terms of gender analysis. The book presents a sequence of studies from the early nineteenth to the late twentieth century that includes individuals such as American poet Anne Sexton and German writers Christa Wolf and Paul Celan, and groups such as nineteenth-century Mexican women and members of the British working class. It extends the paradigm of "self-reflexive" literature to include and highlight the overlap between autobiography and biography, especially in the case of women who often wrote their lives obliquely through the biographies of their famous male relatives, e. g., Adele Hugo and Anne Thackeray Ritchie. The authors refuse to accept a monolithic conception of gender. The studies of Charles and Mary Lamb, Nadezhda Durova, and John Stuart Mill demonstrate that even in the nineteenth century, a binary gender system is inadequate as a mode of approach to actual life stories.
Hélène Cixous: Live Theory provides a clear and informative introduction to one of the most important and influential European writers working today. The book opens with an overview of the key features of Cixous' theory of "écriture féminine" (feminine writing). The various manifestations of "écriture féminine" are then explored in chapters on Cixous' fictional and theatrical writing, her philosophical essays, and her intensely personal approach to literary criticism. The book concludes with a new, lively and wide-ranging interview with Hélène Cixous in which she discusses her influences and inspirations, and her thoughts on the nature of writing and the need for an ethical relationship with the world. Also offering a survey of the many English translations of Cixous' work, this book is an indispensable introduction to Cixous' work for students of literature, philosophy, cultural and gender studies.
Narrative and the nature of worldview in the Clare Savage novels of Michelle Cliff
Abjection, melancholia, and love : the work of Julia Kristeva
Finnish summary.
Beyond limits : boundaries in feminist semiotics and literary theory
Reading woman : essays in feminist criticism
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 5, 20th century : authors (A-G)
The concept of gender continues to be a central issue in literary and cultural studies, with a significance that crosses disciplinary boundaries and provokes lively debate. In this fully revised and updated second edition, David Glover and Cora Kaplan offer a lucid and illuminating introduction to 'gender' and its implications, including:an overview of the critical language and concepts surrounding gender from their historical inception to contemporary debates ; discussions of the major theorists in the field updated and extended coverage of lesbian and queer theory ; a new glossary of terms essential to an understanding of the debate on gender in contemporary theory. With its impressive breadth and depth of coverage, this volume offers not only a comprehensive history of this complex term, but also indicates its ongoing presence in literary and cultural theory and the new directions it is taking.
Negotiating nationhood and commitment : readings of Yvonne Vera's and Dambudzo Marechera's work and authorial image against the backdrop of crisis
A body of writing : 1990-1999
Feminist issues in literary scholarship
The newly born woman
Women's writing : text and context
In search of our mothers' garden : womanist prose
Writing and sexual difference
Invisible girls and old young women : fantastic bodily transformations and gender in children's fantasy novels by Diana Wynne Jones and Susan Price
The woman's part : feminist criticism of Shakespeare
Reading in the dark : Blake, Cixous, and female desire
John Fowles : visionary and voyeur
Feminism 3 : the third generation in fiction
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 3, 19th century : topics & authors (C-Z)
Feminism and poetry : language, experience, identity in women's writing
Revealing lives : autobiography, biography and gender
Hélène Cixous : writing and sexual difference
Deciphering culture : ordinary curiosities and subjective narratives
Gender, theory, and the canon
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
A concise companion to feminist theory
"This land had no princes" : fairy tale romance and 'reality' : male-female relationships and identity development in Jane Campion's The piano
Virginia Woolf & the problem of the subject
Literary theory : a guide for the perplexed
Feminist edges of the Qur'an
The New feminist criticism : essays on women, literature, and theory
Male suffering in George Eliot's Middlemarch
Gender, power, text : Nordic culture in the twentieth century
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 4, 20th century : topics
Through the matrilineage : Zora Neale Hurston's Their eyes watching God through Alice Walker's concept of womanism
An unacknowledged diversity : heroines, heroes, and their relationships in popular romance
Portrayal of female characters in three Mills and Boon novels
Angela Carter's " The company of wolves" as boundary-breaking version of Little red riding hood
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 6, 20th century : authors (H-Z)
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish Letters with feminist approaches
The new feminist criticism : essays on women, literature, and theory
Writing woman : women writers and women in literature, medieval to modern
Feminism in literature : a Gale critical companion. Vol. 1, Antiquity - 18th century : topics & authors
No crystal stair : visions of race and sex in black women's fiction
Women's friendship in literature
Images of women in Flora Nwapa's Efuru
Feminist writers
The portable Cixous
Postmodern performance of identity and gender in The Ground Beneath Her Feet
New woman fiction : women writing first-wave feminism
Loving with a vengeance : mass-produced fantasies for women
A history of feminist literary criticism
This landmark anthology is the first to engage critically the writings of Ayn Rand from feminist perspectives. The interdisciplinary feminist strategies of re-reading Rand range from the lightness of camp to the darkness of de Sade, from postandrogyny to poststructuralism. A highly charged dialogue on Rand's legacy provides the forum for a reexamination of feminism and its relationship to egoism, individualism, and capitalism. Rand's place in contemporary feminism is assessed through comparisons with other twentieth-century feminists, such as de Beauvoir, Wolf, Paglia, Eisler, and Gilligan. What results is as provocative in its implications for Rand's system as it is for feminism.
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
Feminism beyond modernism
Textuality and sexuality : reading theories and practices
Aysha Hidayatullah presents the first comprehensive analysis of contemporary feminist interpretations of the Quran. Synthesizing prominent feminist readings of the Quran in the United States since the late twentieth century, she provides an essential introduction to this nascent field of Qur'anic scholarship and engages in a deep investigationas well as a radical critiqueof its methods and approaches. With a particular focus on feminist impasses in the Quranic text, she argues that many feminist interpretations rely on claims about feminist justice that are not fully supported by the text, and she proposes a major revision to their exegetical foundations. A provocative work of Muslim feminist theology, Feminist Edges of the Quran is a vital intervention in urgent conversations about women and the Quran.
Derrida and the writing of the body
The second edition of this highly successful anthology makes available to the feminist reader a collection of essays which does justice to the range and diversity, as well as to the eloquence and the challenge of recent feminist critical theory and practice. The new, enlarged Feminist Reader includes Toni Morrison's brilliant discussion of a Hemingway short story, Line Pouchard's reading of Radclyffe Hall's lesbian classic, The Well of Loneliness, Marjorie Garber on Elvis and cross-dressing, and Diane Elam on the relation between feminist and postmodernism, in addition to a selection of influential essays by prominent feminist critics and theorists. The book arose directly from the editors' experience of teaching feminist criticism, and their sense of the need for a fully annotated, representative selection of essays for discussion. They have included a summary of each essay, a glossary of unfamiliar terms, new suggestions for further reading and an updated introduction, mapping the field of feminist critical theory.
Feminist interpretations of David Hume
Multicultural literatures through feminist/poststructuralist lenses
Feminist scholarship employs gender as a fundamental organizing category of human experience, holding two related premises: men and women have different perceptions or experiences in the same contexts, the male perspective having been dominant in fields of knowledge; and that gender is not a natural fact but a social construct, a subject to study in any humanistic discipline. This challenging collection of essays by prominent feminist literary critics offers a comprehensive introduction to modes of critical practice being used to trace the construction of gender in literature. The collection provides an invaluable overview of current femionist critical thinking. Its essays address a wide range of topics: the rerlevance of gender scholarship in the social sciences to literary criticism; the tradition of women's literature and its relation to the canon; the politics of language; French theories of the feminine; psychoanalysis and feminism; feminist criticism of writing by lesbians and black women; the relationship between female subjectivity, class, and sexuality; feminist readings of the canon.
Feminism in the worlds of Neil Gaiman : essays on the comics, poetry, and prose
The Cambridge companion to feminist literary theory
Writing back through our mothers : a transnational feminist study on the woman's historical novel
A group of distinguished American, Canadian, and British female writers were asked to contribute thoughts on their relations with their fathers in this interesting combination of both fiction and nonfiction.
The sexual body
"I can do nothing against the wish of the pen" : studies in the short stories of Widād Sakākīnī
"You look delicious" : food, eating, and hunger in Margaret Atwood's novels
Literary theories : a reader and guide
Woman defamed and woman defended : an anthology of medieval texts
Monique Wittig : at the crossroads of criticism
Uneasy possessions : the mother-daughter dilemma in French women's writings 1671-1928
Paradigms found : feminist, gay, and new historicist readings of Shakespeare
