http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15807 vascular plants
vascular plants
Vascular plant species richness in grazed and ungrazed coastal meadows, SW Finland
Neotropical plant families : a concise guide to families of vascular plants in the Neotropics
The families and genera of vascular plants. 8, Flowering plants. Eudicots : Asterales
Biodiversity of Socotra forests, woodlands and bryophytes
Nevada vascular plant types and their collectors
The embryology, reproductive morphology, and systematics of Lecythidaceae
Bryophyte diversity and vascular plants
Bryophytes and seedless vascular plants : Adolf Engler's Syllabus der Pflanzenfamilien
Aquatic plants in Britain and Ireland
The role of symbiotic arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (Glomeromycota) in roots of the host plant Deschampsia flexuosa in vegetation succession of inland sand dunes in Finnish Lapland
Ivan M. Johnston's Studies in the Boraginaceae
Vascular flora of Washington County, Mississippi, and Environs
Chromosome numbers in vascular plants from Finland
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 5, Urticaceae-Caryophyllaceae
Key to the vascular plants of Mongolia (with an atlas). Vol. 1
Checklist of the vascular plants of Tennessee
Cost-efficiency of decaying wood as a surrogate of overall species richness in boreal forests
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
Flora of the Santa Cruz Mountains of California : a manual of vascular plants
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
The endemic vascular plants of the Cape Verde Islands, W Africa
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 1, Introduction, taxonomic index to the maps 1-996, maps 1-996
The vascular plants of the Kevo Nature Reserve (Finland) : an ecological-environmental approach
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
Vascular plants of Afghanistan : an augmented checklist
The vascular plants of Troms, North Norway : revised distribution maps and altitude limits after Benum: The flora of Troms fylke
The families and genera of vascular plants. Vol 1, Pteridophytes and gymnosperms
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
An evolutionary survey of the plant kingdom
Annotated checklist and distribution of the vascular plants of El Hierro, Canary Islands, Spain
The synanthropisation of vascular plant flora of mires in the coastal zone (Kashubian coastal region, N Poland) : range, reasons for, and spatial characteristics
A manual of the higher plants of Oregon
Plant diversity of an Andean cloud forest : checklist of the vascular flora of Maquipucuna, Ecuador
Specimens of the plants collected in the Imperial Palace and the imperial villas. Part 3, Sympetelae (Diapensiaceae-Compositae)
The families and genera of vascular plants. 4, Flowering plants. Monocotyledons : Alismatanae and Commelinanae (except Gramineae)
The Åland Islands, SW Finland, are known for luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants, but ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a waste ground in the island of Dånö, municipality of Geta, on which several non-familiar vascular plants grew. The waste ground has been used for dumping flower shop garbage and thus some unfamiliar plants have been dumped there. The following species have not been found previously as ruderal plants in the Åland Islands: Allium sativum, Cucumis melo, Dipsacus fullonum, Hedera helix, Inula helenium and Lactuca serriola. Several other more or less rare ruderals were also found on the waste ground: Bromus secalinus, Conyza canadensis, Holcus lanatus, Lepidium densiflorum subsp. neglectum and Senecio jacobaea. Three garden shrubs, Rosa spinosissima, Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus and Salix viminalis grew together with more common garden ruderals, such as Digitalis purpurea, Malva moschata and Saponaria officinalis. A total of 137 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing on the waste ground..
Atlas of the vascular plants of Texas. Volume 1, Introduction, dicots
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Vascular plants, bryophytes, lichens and lichenicolous fungi in the Bolimów Landscape Park = Rosliny naczyniowe, mszaki, porosty i grzyby naporostowe Bolimowskiego parku krajobrazowego
UV-screening in Arctic and alpine vascular plants and lichens
Atlas rozmieszczenia ro'slin naczyniowychw Polsce = Distribution atlas of vascular plants in Poland
Specimens of the plants collected in the Imperial Palace and the imperial villas. Part 2, Archichlamydeae II (Rosaceae-Umbelliferae)
A checklist of familial and suprafamilial names for extant vascular plants
Atlas florae europaeae. 11 : Cruciferae (Ricotia to Raphanus)  / edited by Jaakko Jalas, Juha Suominen & Raimo Lampinen on the basis of team-work of European botanists
Flora Franciscana : an attempt to classify and describe the vascular plants of Middle California. Part 2
Ruderal vascular plants on a waste ground in the island of Dånö, Åland Islands, SW Finland
A synonymized checklist of the vascular flora of the United States, Canada, and Greenland
The families and genera of vascular plants. 5, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Malvales, Capparales and non-betalain Caryophyllales
Text annotations and identification notes for Manual of the vascular flora of the Carolinas
Tiivistelmä / Abstract / Summary.
Vascular epiphytes : general biology and related biota
Atlas of rare circumpolar endemic arctic vascular plants : Action item 2.1
Vascular plant species in planned mire conservation areas in southern and central Finland
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 3, Commentary to the maps, total index
An inventory of the vascular flora of Fort Greely, interior Alaska
Specimens of the plants collected in the Imperial Palace and the imperial villas. Part 4, Monocotyledoneae, Gymnospermae, and Pteridophyta
Ontogeny, cell differentiation, and structure of vascular plants
Comparative morphology of vascular plants
Taxonomy of vascular plants
Predicting species richness of wood-inhabiting fungi, epiphytic bryophytes and lichens based on stand structure and indicator species
Specimens of the plants collected in the Imperial Palace and the imperial villas. Part 1, Archichlamydeae I (Myricaceae-Pittosporaceae)
The families and genera of vascular plants. 9, Flowering plants. Eudicots : Berberidopsidales, Buxales, Crossosomatales, Fabales p.p., Geraniales, Gunnerales, Myrtales p.p., Proteales, Saxifragales, Vitales, Zygophyllales, Clusiaceae Alliance, Passifloraceae Alliance, Dilleniaceae, Huaceae, Picramniaceae, Sabiaceae
Atlas of North European vascular plants : north of the tropic of Cancer. 2, Taxonomic index to the maps 997-1936, maps 997-1936
Growth patterns in vascular plants
A synonymized checklist of the vascular flora of the United States, Canada, and Greenland. Volume 2, The biota of North America
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan , coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
Composition of functional groups of ground vegetation differ between planted stands of non-native Pinus contorta and native Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies in northern Sweden
Flora of the Queen Charlotte Islands. Part 2, Cytological aspects of the vascular plants
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
The vascular plants of British Columbia. Part 4, Monocotyledons
Plants of British Columbia : scientific and common names of vascular plants, bryophytes, and lichens
Flora Hellenica bibliography : a critical survey of floristic, taxonomic and phytogeographical literature relevant to the vascular plants of Greece, 1753-1994
Bryophyte communities in herb-rich forests in Koli, eastern Finland : comparison of forest classifications based on bryophytes and vascular plants
A survey of the vascular plants of Lambton County, Ontario
Vascular plant flora of the North Karelian biosphere reserve and the adjacent areas in the Republic of Karelia
Biomass and production of two vascular plants in a boreal mesotrophic fen
MADCapHorse : a revised checklist and nomenclature guide to the vascular plants of the Niagara frontier region : Flora of the Niagara frontier region, third supplement
Chromosome numbers in south Swedish vascular plants
Manual of vascular plants of the Lower Yangtze Valley, China
Flowers of Europe : a field guide
The vascular plant collections of John Macoun in Algonquin provincial park, Ontario
The vascular plants of the western Canadian arctic archipelago
Checklist of the vascular plants of continental Northwest Territories, Canada
Vascular plants of Greece : an annotated checklist
Biomass and production of vascular plants in a mesotrophic fen
Vascular plants of Russia and adjacent states (the former USSR)
Notes on the flora of the planned landscape reserve of Tolvajärvi
Flora of the Sudan-Uganda border area east of the Nile. 2, Catalogue of vascular plants, 2nd part. vegetation and phytogeography
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Flora of the Sudan-Uganda border area east of the Nile. 1, Catalogue of vascular plants
Molecular embryology of flowering plants
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Atlas of the Pleistocene vascular plant macrofossils of Central and Eastern Europe.. Part 1, Pteridophytes and monocotyledons
Key to the vascular plants of Mongolia (with an atlas). Vol. 2
Patterns of species richness and distributions of vascular plant species at the mesoscale in the Kevo Nature Reserve, Northern Finland
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan, coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
An account of the Sempervivum group
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
The illustrated encyclopedia of cacti
Umbelliferae of Asia : excluding Japan. No. 1
Philip's guide to wild flowers of Britain and northern Europe
The families and genera of vascular plants. 3, Flowering plants. Monocotyledons : Lilianae (except Orchidaceae)
The vegetative key to the British flora : a new approach to naming British vascular plants based on vegetative characters
Distribution and occurence of vascular plants in floristic districts of Karelia
The families and genera of vascular plants. 7, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Lamiales (except Acanthaceae including Avicenniaceae)
Cien plantas silvestres del Páramo = One hundred wild plants from the Páramo
Plant biodiversity in boreal wood-pastures : impacts of grazing and abandonment
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
The plant-book : a portable dictionary of the vascular plants utilizing Kubitzki's The families and genera of vascular plants (1990-), Cronquist's An integrated system of classification of flowering plants (1981) and current botanical literature arranged largely on the principles of editions 1-6 (1896/97-1931) of Willis's A dictionary of the flowering plants and ferns
Manual of the vascular flora of Nags Head Woods, Outer Banks, North Carolina
Catalogue of the vascular plants of Guaramacal National Park, Portuguesa and Trujillo states, Venezuela
The families and genera of vascular plants. 6, Flowering plants. Dicotyledons : Celestrales, Oxalidales, Rosales, Cornales, Ericales
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
A catalogue of Svalbard plants, fungi, algae and cyanobacteria
Co-variation and indicators of species diversity : can richness of forest-dwelling species be predicted in northern boreal forests?
Intensified forestry increases the interest in replacing native tree species with fast growing non-native species. However, consequences for native biodiversity and ecosystem functioning are poorly understood. We compared cover and composition of major functional groups of ground vegetation between planted stands of non-native Pinus contorta Dougl. var. latifolia Engelm. and native conifers Pinus sylvestris L. and Picea abies (L.) H. Karst. in northern boreal Sweden. We quantified the ground cover of lichens, bryophytes, vascular plants and ground without vegetation (bare ground) in 96 stands covering three different age classes (15, 30 and 85 years old). Our study revealed differences in ground vegetation patterns between non-native and native managed forests, and that these differences are linked to stand age and differences in canopy cover. Total vascular plant cover increased with increasing stand age for all tree species, with P. contorta stands having higher cover than both native conifers. The ground cover of lichens was, although generally low, highest in stands of Pinus sylvestris. P. abies stands had a lower cover of vascular plants, but bare ground was more common compared with P. contorta. Our results suggest that the use of P. contorta as an alternative tree species in Fennoscandian forestry will influence native ground vegetation patterns. This influence is likely to change with time and future research should consider both temporal and landscape-scale effects from shifting tree-species dominance to Pinus contorta and other non-native tree species..
Collins complete Mediterranean wildlife photoguide
A phytogeographical study of the vascular plants of West Greenland (622̊0'-740̊0'N)
List of vascular plants of the British Isles
Flora of the Queen Charlotte Islands. Part 1, Systematics of the vascular plants
Catalogue of the vascular plants of Ecuador = Catálogo de las plantas vasculares del Ecuador
Bibliografia flory polskiej rosliny naczyniowe : za lata 1971-1980 = Bibliography of Polish flora : vascular plants
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
A checklist of names for 3000 vascular plants of economic importance
Flora of China. Family 153, Malvaceae
