http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15836 audio magazines
audio magazines
Photographis 84 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 84
The gramophone
Lighting & sound
Sound on sound : the UK's biggest selling music recording magazine
Photographis 82 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 82
On Billboard number one singles of the 1950s : a non-orthodox and selective look at what preceded the swinging sixties
Computer music
Journal of research in singing and applied vocal pedagogy
Datura, or, A delusion we all see
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
Recording : the magazine for the recording musician
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
Language and speech
Folia phoniatrica et logopaedica : official organ of the International Association of Logopaedics and Phoniatrics (IALP)
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
Music tech magazine
The art of punk
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Photographis 83 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 83
Acoustics today
Undercurrents : the hidden wiring of modern music
"Women will, we are perfectly confident, rise to the occasion." : Evaluative language use as persuasion in editorials on women's suffrage in New Zeland
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '80
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
A heroic martyr or a misguided lunatic? : Representations of the suffragatte Emily Wilding Davison in the Manchester Guardian in 1913
Sound on sound
Photographis 86 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 86
