http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15855 oxidants
oxidants oxidizing agents
Carotenoids as antioxidants to prevent photooxidation
Proceedings of the Technical Workshop on Trace Elements, Natural Antioxidants and Contaminants : Helsinki-Espoo August 25-26, 1995
Urban air quality in the United Kingdom : first report of the quality of Urban Air review Group
Dietary pro- and antioxidants : effects on immune functions, disease resistance and antioxidant status in Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar L.
10th World congress of the International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities (IASSID) : 8-13 July, 1996, Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland
Ultraviolet radiation-induced oxidative stress in cultured human skin fibroblasts and antioxidant protection
Phenolic contents in relation to antioxidant activities of berry and fruit wines and juices, and their raw materials
Abstract.
Rose hips and sea buckthorn berries contain high amounts of beneficial bioactive compounds. In this study the content and stability of natural vitamins and antioxidants were investigated in two fruit beverages made from rose hip powder, sea buckthorn berry purée and white grape juice concentrate, and wheat germ oil in one of the beverages. Beverages were formulated, pasteurised and filled aseptically in Tetra Brik packages and stored up to 35 days at 4 °C or 22 °C. Samples were analysed for the content of ascorbic acid, carotenoids, major phenolics, tocochromanols, total phenols and total antioxidant capacity as ferric reducing ability. The largest changes occurred during the first 5 days of storage, thereafter mainly ascorbic acid decreased. In the wheat germ oil supplemented beverage, α-tocopherol was more rapidly degraded. Negative correlations between the decrease of some carotenoids and tocochromanols, and the increase of some phenolics, suggest relationships of redox reactions specific to the amount of oil supplemented. From the present study we can conclude that additions of oil to beverages should be carefully selected to avoid oxidations of bioactive compounds. Furthermore, packaging of the beverages should be carried out at higher temperatures and thereafter it should be stored at low temperatures (4 °C), which decreased oxidation of all bioactive compounds except ascorbic acid..
The role of diet during pregnancy and infancy in the development of childhood allergies and asthma
Oxygen radicals in biological systems. Pt. D
Effects of exercise and alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on brain tissue protection in experimental diabetes
Metal-induced oxidative stress and antioxidant defence in small passerine birds
Putative neuroprotective compounds in in vitro models of dopaminergic neurodegeneration
Antioxidants, weight change and risk of type 2 diabetes
Plants as a source of natural antioxidants
Oxidative stress and cell adhesion in skin cancer
Non-invasive biomarkers of oxidative stress and cell defence in COPD and asthma; specific emphasis on smoking cessation
Free radicals in biology and medicine
Free radical and antioxidant protocols
The oxidative stability of lipids in milk and milk powder in relation to some pro- and antioxidants
Antioxidant food supplements in human health
A translational study on the roles of redox molecules, cell cycle regulators and chemokine receptors as prognostic factors in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma
A comparison of the antioxidant properties of steryl ferulates with tocopherol at high temperatures
Regulation of murine hepatic <em>Cytochrome P450 2a5</em> expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Agronomic characteristics and phytochemical profiles of advanced June-bearing strawberry lines for the northern Canadian climate
Proceedings of the Technical Workshop on Trace Elements, Natural Antioxidants and Contaminants, Helsinki-Espoo, August 25-26, 1995
Analysis of lipid oxidation during digestion by liquid chromatography : mass spectrometric and nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopic techniques
Berry phenolics : isolation, analysis, identification, and antioxidant properties
Proceedings of EMEP Workshop on the Control of Photochemical Oxidants in Europe : April 20-22, 1993, Porvoo Finland
Comparison of photo-oxidant dispersion model results : EUROTRACK (A EUREKA Environmental Project)
Antioxidant activity of dietary beta-carotene and canthaxanthin in biological systems and the influence of these carotenoids on tissue vitamin E and vitamin A content
Similarities between TNF and exogenous oxidants on the cytotoxic response of c-Myc-expression fibroblast in vitro
Additives in polymers
Comparison of chemical schemes used in photochemical modelling - Swedish conditions
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
Antioxidant capacities and antioxidants of strawberry, blackberry and raspberry leaves
Demand for functional foods that offer therapeutic and disease-prevention properties is globally increasing. Barley presents an opportunity in this regard due to its high antioxidants and dietary fiber contents. Barley wholegrain and milling fractions were investigated in terms of phenolic acids composition, scavenging capacity against DPPH and ABTS radicals and inhibition of human LDL oxidation in vitro. Ferulic and p-coumaric were the primary phenolic acids in wholegrain and pearled fractions accounting for 43-97% and 2-55% of total phenolic acids, respectively. This wide range demonstrates significant differences among barley wholegrain or pearled products. Antioxidant capacities also varied significantly among barleys with the hulless cultivars tested exhibiting the greatest. The outer layers fraction showed higher scavenging capacity against ABTS and DPPH radicals and inhibitory effects toward LDL oxidation compared with the endosperm fractions. The results suggest that the outer layer and hull fractions would potentially provide promising sources of natural antioxidants.
Antioxidant activity of K2CO3-extracted lignin from wheat straw
Food antioxidants
Aqueous bromate as efficient oxidant for secondary alcohols and starch : oxidized starch and its use as Fe(III) complexing agent
Variability of total soluble phenolic compounds and antioxidant activity in a collection of tetraploid wheat
Nutrition and skin
Myocardial antioxidant enzyme systems in physical exercise and tissue damage
Emerging bioresources with nutraceutical and pharmaceutical prospects
Green chemistry and catalysis
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
New insights into nutrition and lung health
The role of nitrophenol on delaying abscission of tomato flowers and fruits
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
On the hydrolysis step and stoichiometric oxidants in sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylations
Measuring in vivo oxidative damage : a practical approach
Spices : flavor chemistry and antioxidant properties
Effect of storage time and temperature on stability of bioactive compounds in aseptically packed beverages prepared from rose hips and sea buckthorn berries
Regulation of murine hepatic Cytochrome P450 2a5 expression by transcription factor Nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2
Oxidant and asbestos fiber induced toxicity in human lung cells
10th World congress of the International Association for the Scientific Study of Intellectual Disabilities (IASSID) : 8-13 July, 1996, Finlandia Hall, Helsinki, Finland : program & abstracts
Rancidity in foods
Handbook of antioxidants : bond dissociation energies, rate constants, activation energies and enthalpies of reactions
Flavonoids and other polyphenols
Content of total phenolic compounds and antioxidant capacity (FRAP) were investigated in the leaves of three sea buckthorn (Hippophaë  rhamnoides L.) cultivars: "Otradnaja", "Gibrid Pertjika" and "Ljubitelskaja", at different dates. In addition, major phenolic compounds (catechin, kaempferol, quercetin, epigallocatechin, kaempferol-3-O-glucoside, quercetin-3-O-galactoside, isorhamnetin-3-O-glucoside, rutin, gallic acid, procyanidin monomer glycoside, procyanidin dimer aglycone and hydrolyzable tannins I-III) were determined in "Ljubitelskaja". Antioxidant capacity and the content of total phenolic compounds fluctuated during April, May and June, and then increased until the end of July, when the highest values were observed. Total phenolic compounds were strongly correlated with FRAP. Levels were generally higher in "Ljubitelskaja" than in "Otradnaja" and "Gibrid Pertjika". In "Ljubitelskaja", hydrolyzable tannins I-III occurred in higher amounts than did any of the other studied phenolic compounds. The developmental stage of the leaves (harvesting date) had a strong influence on content of phenolic compounds and should be carefully considered when harvesting sea buckthorn leaves for different purposes.
Oxidation of emulsified oat proteins
The total soluble phenolic compounds (TSPC) and antioxidant activity (AA) of 113 tetraploid wheat samples including cultivars, landraces, and wild accessions of different Triticum turgidum subspecies, were assessed to point out potential sources for cereal-based functional foods. TSPC ranged from 1.28 to 3.15 mg g-1 as ferulic acid equivalents and AA, assessed by 2,2-diphenyl-1-picrylhydrazyl radical scavenging capacity test, ranged from 47.5% to 81.7%. Among cultivars of ssp. durum, the highest levels were observed in "Timilia" and "Svevo", while the ssp. dicoccoides showed the highest TSPC and AA among the accessions. The principal component analysis of data discriminated cultivars from wild accessions, and PC1 explained about 62% of variability. The TSPC were negatively correlated with thousand-kernel weight and grain yield per spike, while were positively correlated with AA, grain protein content, polyphenol oxidase activity, and brown index of whole meal and dough. The cultivar "Langdon"coupled high TSPC and low brownness.
Biological oxidants and antioxidants : molecular mechanisms and health effects
Neuromuscular, hormonal and oxidative stress responses to endurance running exercises in well-trained runners
Natural antioxidants and anticarcinogens in nutrition, health and disease : the proceedings of the Second International Conference on Natural Antioxidants and Anticarcinogens in Nutrition, Health and Disease held on 24-27 June 1998 in Helsinki, Finland
Flavonoids in the living system
Changes in content of major phenolic compounds during leaf development of sea buckthorn (Hippophaë rhamnoides L.)
Handbook of antioxidants
Phenolic acids and antioxidant properties of barley wholegrain and pearling fractions
Aging, apoptosis, and oxidative stress : the role of antioxidants : abstracts and essays of the workshop 009
Eleven advanced strawberry lines ("SJ011‑10", "SJ0440‑2", "SJ061‑8", "SJ066‑3", "SJ069‑3", "SJ069‑12", "SJ0814‑37", "SJ8518‑11", "K04‑12", "LL0220‑10" and "V151") were evaluated for their yield, fruit quality, total phenolic content, total antioxidant capacity, and phenolic composition, and were compared with a commercial cultivar ("Wendy"). The results showed that "SJ069‑3" had excellent soluble solids content, mid-level titratable acidity, low weight loss, and the best firmness among all the cultivars. Higher total antioxidant capacity was found in "SJ069‑3", according to ferric reducing antioxidant power and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays, an indication that "SJ069‑3" is a promising new cultivar for the fresh market. In addition to rich individual phenolics, "SJ061‑8" had the highest total antioxidant capacity, which was significantly different from the other genotypes, suggesting the potential use of this line as parent material in breeding or as a functional food ingredient. There was a strong relationship between total antioxidant capacity and total phenolic content, according to Folin-Ciocalteu, ferric reducing antioxidant power, and oxygen radical absorbance capacity assays. This study confirms that anthocyanins are major phenolic compounds contributing to the main antioxidant power of strawberries.
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
Molecular oxygen and hydrogen peroxide as mild oxidants in catalytic oxidations : applications to palladium and osmium catalysis
Globins and other nitric oxide-reactive proteins
Regulation, structure and function of glutathione reductase and its transcriptional regulator NtcA from the cyanobacterium Anabaena PCC 7120
The hidden costs of oxidants in microbial deposit control in papermaking
Metal-salen catalysts in the oxidation of lignin model compounds
Lipid oxidation and nitration products as activators of cytoprotective Nrf2 signaling in the endothelium
Gas-phase reactions in atmospheric chemistry and transport models : a model intercomparison
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish mobile clinic health examination survey
A novel bromine oxidising technology for microbiological control
Oxidant effects on cultured cells of neural origin
Development of sample pretreatment and liquid chromatographic techniques for antioxidative compounds
Antioksidantit kliinisessä lääketieteessä : Oriolan Leikola-salissa, Espoo, 2.10.2001 : symposiumin esitelmälyhennelmät = Antioxidants in clinical medicine : Oriola, Orionint. 5, Espoo, Finland, 2.10.2001 : abstracts and essays
Recent advances in polyphenol research. Vol. 1
Oxygen radicals in biological systems. Pt. 100
Antioxidant effect of plant phenolics incorporated into liposomes
