http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15866 Corvus corax
Corvus corax raven
Monster mountains
Flood and Fang
Ranging behaviour of a juvenile Bearded Vulture (Gypaetus barbatus meridionalis) in South Africa revealed by GPS satellite telemetry
Acidification of till in northern Finland : experimental study
Oskar, a charming raven, loves trees, red cherries, and the smell of spring. He also loves rain, snow, clouds, books, and the moon. Children are invited into Oskar's world and in turn to explore the wonders of the world around them.
Flood and fang
Seasonal and daily activity pattern in Griffon vulture (Gyps fulvus) colonies on the island of Crete (Greece)
Fright forest
The porcupine hunter and other stories : the original Tsimshian texts of Henry W. Tate
Magic and mayhem
Ravensong : a natural and fabulous history of ravens and crows
Crow
It's all mine!, or, Little Raven's mischief
Brief report : Rate, timing and success of clutch replacement by colonial Griffon Vultures Gyps fulvus
Raptors of the world : a field guide
A bird black as the sun : California poets on crows & ravens
Birds of prey rescue : changing the future for endangered wildlife
Loved by young readers and adult experts alike
The fox and the crow
Birds of prey of the Indian subcontinent
The Raven : a natural history in Britain and Ireland
Though people generally do not think of them in such terms, crows are remarkably graceful: from the tip of a crow's beak to the end of its tail is a single curve, which changes rhythmically as the crow turns its head or bends toward the ground. Foraging on their long, powerful legs, crows appear to glide over the earth; they take flight almost without effort, flapping their wings easily, ascending into the air like spirits. Nevertheless, the whiskers around their beaks and an apparent smile make crows, in a scruffy sort of way, endearingly 'human'. In a vast range of cultures from the Chinese to the Hopi Indians, crows are bearers of prophecy. Because of their courtship dances and monogamous unions, the Greeks invoked crows at weddings as symbols of conjugal love. Crows are among the most ubiquitous of birds, yet, without being in the least exotic, they remain mysterious. This book is a survey of crows, ravens, magpies and their relatives in myth, literature and life. It ranges from the raven sent out by Noah to the corvid deities of the Eskimo, to Taoist legends, Victorian novels and contemporary films. It will be of interest to all people who have ever been intrigued, puzzled, annoyed or charmed by these wonderfully intelligent birds.
The adventures of old mr. Buzzard
Breeding biology, movements, and persecution of ravens in Iceland
These dark wings
The raven : soaring through history, legend, & lore
Bryant & May : the bleeding heart
Diamonds and doom
Vampires and volts
Application of some seismic data processing methods to ground penetrating radar data
Ghosts and gadgets
Lunatics and luck
In the company of crows and ravens
Terror town
