http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15857 urban economics
urban economics
Lectures on urban economics
European cities in the knowledge economy : the cases of Amsterdam, Dortmund, Eindhoven, Helsinki, Manchester, Munich, Mü̈nster, Rotterdam and Zaragoza
The Oxford handbook of urban economics and planning
Readings in urban economics : issues and public policy
The endless city : the urban age project by the London School of Economics and Deutsche Bank's Alfred Herrhausen Society
The spatial economy : cities, regions, and international trade
Living the global city : globalization as a local process
Splintering urbanism : networked infrastructures, technological mobilities and the urban condition
Urban fortunes : the political economy of place
Modern transport geography
Cities and regions in the new Europe
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
Marxist political economy and Marxist urban sociology : a review and elaboration of recent developments
Sharing cities : a case for truly smart and sustainable cities
Who's your city? : how the creative economy is making where to live the most important decision of your life
The social production of urban space
Critical issues in tourism : a geographical perspective
"A significantly revised new edition of this authoritative reference volume which traces the historical evolution of cultural geography through to the very latest research".
The cultural economy of cities : essays on the geography of image-producing industries
Planet of slums
Transaction spaces : consumption configurations and city formation
Modern Urban and Regional Economics explains the spatial economic underpinnings of the behaviour of urban and regional economies in order to highlight the differences between the two types of economy. The explicitly spatial approach enables the author to present both urban economics and regional economics within a single integrated framework, using clear model-based explanations from first principles and extensive graphic illustration of the theories discussed.
City economics
The politics of location : an introduction
"In this bold, exciting and readable volume, Paul C. Cheshire, Max Nathan and Henry G. Overman illustrate the insights that recent economic research brings to our understanding of cities, and the lessons for urban policymaking. The authors present new evidence on the fundamental importance of cities to economic wellbeing and to the enrichment of our lives. They also argue that many policies have been trying to push water uphill and have done little to achieve their stated aims; or, worse, have had unintended and counterproductive consequences. It is remarkable that our cities have been so successful despite the many shortcomings of urban policies and governance. These shortcomings appear in both rich and poor countries. Many powerful policies intended to influence urban development and spatial differences have been developed since the late 1940s, but they have been subject to little rigorous economic evaluation. The authors help us to understand why economic growth has emerged so unevenly across space and why this pattern persists. The failure to understand the forces leading to uneven development underlies the ineffectiveness of many current urban policies. The authors conclude that future urban policies need to take better account of the forces that drive unevenness and that their success should be judged by their impact on people, not on places--or buildings. This groundbreaking book will prove to be an invaluable resource and a rewarding read for academics, practitioners and policymakers interested in the economics of urban policy, urban planning and development, as well as international studies and innovation."--Page 4 of cover.
Essays in transportation economics and policy : a handbook in honor of John R. Meyer
Urban economics and urban policy : challenging conventional policy wisdom
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 4, Society and politics in the Western city
Dirty cities : towards a political economy of the underground in global cities
Cities, agglomeration and spatial equilibrium
The dynamics of cities : ecological determinism, dualism and chaos
Readings in urban theory
In the nature of cities : urban political ecology and the politics of urban metabolism
Urban economics : theory, development and planning
The urban order : an introduction to cities, culture, and power
Quest for space : streetvendors and the use of public spaces in two Latin American cities
Modern urban and regional economics
The first industrial region : North-west England, c.1700-60
The growth of cities
The evolution of great world cities : urban wealth and economic growth
Urban and regional economics
Encyclopedia of human geography
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 3, Economic structure and change in Western city
Globalization and urban change : capital, culture, and Pacific Rim mega-projects
Cities in a world economy
Spaces of capital : towards a critical geography
"You can learn a lot by figuring out how cities get built. That is the fundamental assumption of Urban Fortunes. Compared to some other approaches to an urban sociology, we get physical. We study the land and how real estate becomes a commodity that people put buildings on. We want to learn how the configurations of houses, offices, and factories make some people better off and others worse off. We explore not only how benefits and costs accumulate for individuals but also how they aggregate to create durable differences among places. We try to determine what this then means to people on the ground making a life in the homes and neighborhoods created in this process. That was our goal when we first wrote the book, and here we have a chance to reflect on what we tried to do and how it looks in retrospect and to offer the reader a revised guide to the chapters that follow." -- from Preface p. vii
Cities in contemporary Europe
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 5, Cities in the Third World
Handbook of regional and urban economics, volume 3. Vol. 3, Applied urban economics
Making competitive cities
Urban geography : a global perspective
Facts about Germany
The Gaia atlas of cities : new directions for sustainable urban living
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to cultural geography
Human geography : people, place, and culture
Cities and the creative class
Commodity chains and world cities
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 2, Land use, structure and change in the Western city
Expectations of modernity : myths and meanings of urban life on the Zambian Copperbelt
City-systems in advanced economics : past growth, present processes and future development options
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 4, Cities and geography
Sustainable cities in Europe : a comparative analysis of urban energy-environmental policies
City, class and capital : new developments in the political economy of cities and regions
Working capital : life and labour in contemporary London
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
An introduction to human geography : issues for the 21st century
Approaching the cultural evolution of a frontier town : institutions and indigenous development in Vyborg
Economics of crime : to what extent does probability of capture have a deterrent effect on acquisitive crimes in Finland?
The city : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 1, The city in global context
Applied economics
Human geography : issues for the twenty-first century
Readings in planning theory
Tourism today : a geographical analysis
Geographies of globalization
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 2, Urban economics
Cities, economic competition and urban policy
Brussels : a reflexive world city
Urbanization and development : multidisciplinary perspectives
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Local and regional economic development : renegotiating power under labour
Contesting neoliberalism : urban frontiers
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Land use planning
Selling places: the city as cultural capital, past and present
Urban public economics
Articles on the topic INTERREG IIIC Project "Ökoprofit International"
Dynamic cities and creative clusters
Economic poles in the European metropolitan periphery and sustainable development
International centers and world cities : an experimental approach to calculate the international hierarchy of cities
The SAGE companion to the city
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 1, Regional economics
East Asia as a discovery
Economics of agglomeration : cities, industrial location, and regional growth
Unruly cities? : order/disorder
Places and regions in global context : human geography
Facts about Germany. 1999
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
