http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p158 workbooks
workbooks
Advanced masterclass CAE : workbook with answers
Radiographic anatomy, positioning & procedures workbook : volume 1
Writing and analysis workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Food selection and preparation : a laboratory manual
Check your English vocabulary for business  and administration
Instructorś resource manual to accompany : electronic devices, sixth edition and electronic devices: electron flow version , fourth edition
Diaries of family workers: empowerment and working with families with children
COUNTING, COLOURS AND SHAPES WORKBOOK
On cooking : a textbook of culinary fundamentals : study guide
Password : english practice book. Book 3
ArtNotes to accompany History of art : [the Western tradition]
Communicating in business : a handbook in English business language. Workbook
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Qualitative research methodology : in nursing and healthcare
Tech talk : workbook
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Does Voluntourism Fulfill the Criteria of Sustainable Tourism?
Phlebotomy essentials : workbook
Overcoming trauma and PTSD : a workbook integrating skills from ACT, DBT, and CBT
E-Marketing in the Tourism Industry : Case TravelApp
The industries of the future
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Password : english practice book. 2
Grammar revision. Intermediate : workbook
Hospitality financial accounting working papers
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Grammar revision. Advanced : workbook
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy workbook and laboratory manual : volume 1, chapters 1-13
New practical Chinese reader = Xin shiyong hanyu keben. 4, Workbook
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
Harmony & voice leading. Workbook 2
Schaum's easy outlines of electromagnetics
Workbook for Piston/Devoto harmony
Engineering mechanics : dynamics : dynamics study pack
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Exercise handouts for rehabilitation
Thesaurus construction and use : a practical manual
Study guide for The enjoyment of music, ninth edition
Radiographic anatomy, positioning and procedures workbook : volume one
Instructions for authors
Student study guide for use with Microbiology, fifth edition, [by] Lansing Prescott, John Harley, Don Klein
Campaign planner for integrated brand communications
Practise your English. Key
Records management in mobile work
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit [Ellibs-kirja]
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
Developing successful marketing strategies : AMA marketing toolbox
Essentials of professional cooking : student workbook
Harmony and voice leading : workbook. Volume 1
Practice tests for Cambridge Certificate of Profiency in english : set one
Harmony & voice leading. Workbook 1
World history study lessons : the rise of democracy. Unit 3
The chemistry problem solver
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Workplace social capital and employee health
Essential nursing care : a workbook for clinical practice
In search of lost postmodern - descriptions of school social work expertise in official documents : a rhetorical discourse analytic approach
Discovering occupation : a workbook
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 2, Chapters 14-24
Problems in world cultural geography : a college workbook
Student workbook : [to accompany] Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach. Vol. 1
Food and beverage cost control : student workbook
Applying the strategic perspective  problems and models
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
The telemedicine tool kit : a workbook for NHS doctors, nurses and managers
Organic spectroscopy : workbook
Say it in English. 5, Pupil's book : workbook : opiskelumoniste : B. yleiskurssi
The restaurant : from concept to operation. Student workbook
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Check your English vocabulary for leisure, travel and tourism
Student workbook : [to accompany] Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach. Vol. 5
Memory management in EPOC
Student workbook : [to accompany] Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach. Vol. 2
Sociology : themes and perspectives : AS- and A-level student handbook
The book thief
Russkij âzyk dlâ vseh = Russian for everybody. Rabočaâ tetrad' = Workbook
Living English structure : a practice book for foreign students
Workbook for auto fundamentals : how and why of the design, construction, and operation of automobiles : applicable to all makes and models
Laboratory manual in horticulture
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
Radiographic anatomy, positioning, and procedures workbook : volume two
Quality control guidelines for managing young employees in tourism : Case: S2S Travel Network
Implementing the climate regime : international compliance
Workbook to accompany Political economics : explaining economic policy by Torsten Persson and Guido Tabellini
Effective e-communication : case Fortum Oil Refining Business unit
Student workbook : [to accompany] Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach. Vol. 4
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Global : pre-intermediate coursebook
Workbook for Kaplan and Saccuzzo's Psychological testing : principles, applications, and issues, fifth edition
Student workbook : [to accompany] Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach. Vol. 3
Study guide to accompany Development through life : a psychosocial approach
A linguistics workbook : companion to Linguistics/ Ann K. Farmer; Richard A. Demers
Welding : principles & practices : student workbook for use with
Schaum's easy outlines : electric circuits : based on Schaum's outline of theory and probelms of electric circuits
Organic chemistry I workbook for dummies
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Sample workbook to accompany professional sewing techniques for designers
Essentials of anatomy and physiology : student workbook for
Cloze in class : exercises in developing reading comprehension skills : workbook
New challenges for European human resource management
Human resources policies and journalist recruitment at Capital Women newspaper in Vietnam
SAS for Windows workbook for Tabachnick and Fidell using multivariate statistics
Conceptual physics : practicing physics
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Password : english practise book. Book 1
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity? : a Handbook for Nursing Staff
Development of a tourism network within Finnish-Russian cross-border co-operation
Positive approaches to palliative care : a workbook to support the palliative care optional units of the certificates in working with people who have learning disabilities
Global : pre-intermediate workbook with key
Harmony and voice leading : workbook. Volume 2
Workbook for front office operation
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Instructions for authors : instructions for authors of manuscripts intended for publication in the series Acta Universitatis Ouluensis
Physics for scientists and engineers : a strategic approach : student workbook with modern physics
Finnish doctoral dissertations of nursing education research
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
The valueselling toolkit : your workbook for sales success
Skills and musicianship workbook to accompany The complete musician : an integrated approach to tonal theory, analysis, and listening
Workbook for The study of orchestration
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Developing number sense through imagery : an intuitive approach for children
Economics workbook
Radiographic positioning and related anatomy : workbook and laboratory manual. Volume 1, Chapters 1-13
