http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15823 decrees
decrees
Insurance : community measures adopted or proposed : situation as at March 1990
Structural actions 2000-2006 : commentary and regulations : The Structural Funds, The Cohesion Fund, The Instrument for Structural Policies for Pre-accession
Compendium of EC intellectual property law
European regulation of company and securities
Technical guidance document in support of commission directive 93/67/EEC on risk assessment for new notified substances and commission regulation (EC) No 1488/94 on risk assessment for existing substances
Policy without politicians : bureaucratic influence in comparative perspective
The European Social Fund : an overview of the programming period 1994-1999
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 2, Air
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 1, General policy
The financial regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities : Council regulation (EC, Euratom) No 1605/2002 of 25 June 2002 and its implementing rules : Commission regulation (EC, Euratom) No 2342/2002 of 23 December 2002 : synoptic presentation
An introduction to European social security law
The Ne Bis in Idem Principle in the Enforcement of EU Competition Law
Animal manure recycling : treatment, and management
European community law of competition
Environment fact sheet : REACH : a new chemicals policy for the EU
Introduction to European social security law
Wildlife trade regulations in the European Union : an introduction to CITES and its implementation in the European Union
Common market law of competition : 1st supplement to the third edition
EC competition law handbook 2003/04 edition
New industrial economics and experiences from European merge control : new lessons about collective dominance?
EC competition law handbook : 2006/2007 edition
Technical guidance document on development of risk reduction strategies
European Court of Justice, 16 April 2015 - C-557/13, Herman Lutz v Elke Bäerle ; European Court of Justice, 16 January 2014 - C-328/12, Ralph Schmid v Lilly Hertel
Free movement of goods : new regulation on mutual recognition
Historica. 2
Leading cases on the law of the European communities
The coordination of healthcare in Europe : rights of insured persons and their family members under regulations (EC) No 883/2004 and (EC) No 987/2009
Common market law of competition
Law of the European Union
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 4, Nature
User's guide to the ECU
Involvement of employees in the European Union : European Works Councils : The European Company Statute : Information and Consultation Rights
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
Interpreting statutes : a comparative study
Configuration management principles and practice
EU environmental law : challenges, change and decision-making
A rapidly changing and expanding livestock and poultry production sector is causing a range of environmental problems on local, regional and global scales. Animal Manure Recycling: Treatment and Management presents an accessible overview of environmentally friendly technologies for managing animal manure more efficiently and in a sustainable manner. This book describes the physical and chemical characteristics of animal manure and microbial processes,featuring detailed examples and case studies showing how this knowledge can be used in practice.
Laws and standard acts regulating of activities of the banks of Lithuania
The impact of stakeholder pressure on shipping companies : case: sulphur directive
Upgrading and repairing PCs
EC anti-dumping law : a commentary on regulation 384/96
European economy. 64, 1997 broad economic policy guidelines : the outcome of the Amsterdam European Council on stability, growth and
Human rights and disabled persons : essays and relevant human rights instruments
Economic and monetary union : legal and political texts
Connecting business people
Airline Liability for Passenger Delay and Denied Boarding
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Cohesion policy 2007-13 : commentaries and official texts
