http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15802 steering systems
steering systems
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
Weak signals in management control systems
Organizational and performance consequences of management control systems : ERP in small service companies
Inbound Logistics Solutions in a Customer-Driven Project Organization
Implementation of SAP R/3 production planning module
Research of ERP Application Prospects and Its Implementation at Chinese SMEs
ERP technology and application development trends
The machine of the future
Adopting agent technology in information sharing and networking
Safety of autonomous agricultural tractor-implement combinations with ISOBUS capabilities
Production workflow : concepts and techniques
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 8, Power train messages
This thesis concentrates on product development process improvement for machine control system development and its integration in the integrated management system of Metso Minerals Inc. The research problem was the practical difficulties in using the general product development process in control system development and unfamiliarity of special characteristics of software development within organization. The general product development process has been defined for machinery development and thus is not most suitable for control system development. For this very reason, there was an unofficial process model defined for software development. This model supports the function better and follows the general development framework. Objective of this thesis was to improve the model to match contemporary needs. The model was also supposed to incorporate a separate safety engineering process. Research process involved comprehensive literature review regarding to process development, software processes and quality management. Present condition of processes in use was concluded by studying the process model descriptions and related documentation together with the integrated manual. The second phase was to interview intercompany professionals from a number of departments, such as automation engineering, mechanical engineering, project management office and process support departments. Additionally a development process of another business unit was benchmarked to gather their best practices into the new model. The maturity of formerly used process model for control system development was assessed based on one sub-process. Assessment was conducted according to standardized assessment model. This enabled to find comparable references from other researches. New process model was developed based on findings in research phase which now to supports control system development better. New model incorporates safety engineering process and engineering change process for control systems. It suits now all development activities within organization and provides more comprehensive guidance for projects managers. Another improvement relates to project management and risk reduction in planning phase. This provides more comprehensive plans for decision making. Finally this thesis defines a method for how to integrate and link the new model to general development process and integrated manual.
Foundation Fieldbus
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
How to develop and make effective use of a Balanced Scorecard
Tools and environments for developing control systems : preprints : Kääriku, 04.-07.05.1992 = Tehnologičeskie sredstva sozdanija sistem upravlenija : doklady konferencii : Kjaeriku, 04.-07.05.1992.g
This book is aimed at engineers and technicians who need to have a clear, practical understanding of the essentials of process control, loop tuning and how to optimize the operation of their particular plant or process. The reader would typically be involved in the design, implementation and upgrading of industrial control systems. Mathematical theory has been kept to a minimum with the emphasis throughout on practical applications and useful information. This book will enable the reader to: Specify and design the loop requirements for a plant using PID control, Identify and apply the essent.
Practical process control for engineers and technicians
Ward Leonard control system
An open architecture control for robotic assembly cell
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
Exploring the competitive advantage through ERP systems : from implementation to applications in agile networks
Control systems and mechatronics
Networked control with delay measurement and estimation
Monolith ERP and current IT-trends : Creating a step by step development model (SSDM) for existing monolith ERP system to adapt to the current IT-trends
Programmable logic controllers : advanced level TP 302 : textbook
A pattern language for distributed machine control systems
Distributed motion control with independently operating actuators : development and analysis of systems architecture and communications environment
Modern ERP : select, implement & use today's advanced business systems
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
OMS version 1.0 maintenance manual
Tuning light knock limits on SG engines
Open-source robotics and process control cookbook : designing and building robust, dependable real-time systems
Automating with Simatic S7-1500 : configuring, programming and testing with STEP 7 Professional
Performance measurement : linking balanced scorecard to business intelligence
Book of exercises with solutions : proportional hydraulics : training system for control technology
Management control systems (MCS) in the small business context : linking effects of contextual factors with MCS and financial performance of small firms
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
Linking management accounting and control systems, strategy, information technology, manufacturing technology and organizational performance of the firm in contingency framework
The consumer guide to fieldbus network equipment for process control
Management control in exploitation, exploration and organizational ambidexterity : the use and formalization of management control systems as antecedents for different modes of innovation
Theory of scheduling
Introduction to control systems
Management control systems in project management : a case study analysis
Practical controllership
Management accounting and control systems used by R&D intensive firms in different organizational life-cycle stages
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 7, Implement messages application layer
Modelling and analysis of the impact of changes in ATM : MAICA
On-board electronic control systems of future automated heavy machinery
Electric motors and control systems
An analysis of product data management system development project
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 10, Task controller and management information system data interchange
Modelling control systems using IEC 61499 : applying function blocks to distributed systems
The hydraulic trainer. Vol. 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Controlling software for the SHB Klystron modulator for the CTF 3
Development process improvement and integration to IMS
Dynamics AX : a guide to Microsoft Axapta
Adaptation through a stochastic evolutionary neuron migration process
The effects of lean transformation on performance measurement and capacity management : case Valmet
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
Intelligent control systems : theory and applications
Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 development cookbook : solve real-world Microsoft Dynamics AX development problems with over 80 practical recipes
Flight dynamics principles : a linear systems approach to aircraft stability and control
Biomimetic robotics : mechanisms and control
Using MATLAB, SIMULINK and control system toolbox : a practical approach
Control Systems
Automotive electronics reliability. volume 2
Effects of implementation of SAP on daily work in accounting department and accountants : case: Kemira Pigments Oy
Advanced control of aircraft, spacecraft and rockets
Management control systems in technical and administrative development projects
PLC control program engineering tool
Web control system of mobile platform : part of the “Roboteh” project
Abstract: ERP acquisition in small businesses - case Helpten. The objective of this thesis was to survey which, or what kind of Enterprise Resource Planning system is most suitable for the growing small business Helpten and to make a proposal to Helpten management on the most suitable system provider. The aim was to find a system to support business in a better way than the current system. Literature on ERP acquisition was studied to support the system survey. The focus was on system acquisition in small businesses. As part of the study a requirement specification for the new system was made between management and employees in the customer company. Based on the requirement specification currently available, ERP systems were surveyed for suitable alternatives and potential ERP system providers were interviewed. Three different systems were compared and scored based on criteria of the requirement specification. On the basis of the comparison and system presentations it could be concluded that the best system to meet the needs of Helpten could be Microsoft Dynamics NAV and Dynamics CRM. The delivery model and the functionality of the system responded to the imposed demands set by the company. The study also showed that large system providers also provide good system alternatives for small businesses, taking their specific needs into account. The survey also showed the challenges of information system acquisition in a small business, where similar acquisitions have not been done before. Based on the study it was found that special attention has to be put to the planning and requirement specification of the new system.
Automating with SIMATIC S7-1200 : configuring, programming and testing with STEP 7 Basic, visualization with HMI Basic
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Visual control of robots : high-performance visual servoing
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Servers and Extendable Server’s Management System for the Robot-platform  : Part of the “Roboteh” project
Fault diagnostics in LOGSET forest machines : Development of improved fault diagnostics in the TOC control system of LOGSET harvesters and forwarders
The role of accounting in management control systems of firms having subsidiaries in the former Soviet Union
Design of control systems for DC drives
Power plant control system : hardware design
Electromagnetic compatibility of a control system : EMC protection of Azimuth thruster control systems
Process control : theory and applications
Control systems engineering
Kanban for the supply chain : fundamental practices for manufacturing management
Digital control of high-frequency switched-mode power converters
Modern control system theory and design
Modern control systems
Convex parametric design, gain scheduling, and fuzzy computing
Summary: Safety study on traffic control deviations in Kouvola, Finland.
Ward Leonard  control system
Demand and supply planning with SAP APO
Reforming environmental regulation in OECD countries
Institutional investors as shareholders : the case of pension funds
Control and scheduling codesign : flexible resource management in real-time control systems
Designing and implementing policies related to career management skills (CMS) : brief summary
Western management accounting and controls in Russian firms : an analysis of the extent of the use and its influences
PlyMES Reporting
Construction of an institutionally aware process-oriented performance measurement system : a case study of a Finnish local government
Applied programmable logic controllers laboratory manual
Flow control
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
Working with OpenERP / : learn to utilize OpenERP to transform and streamline your business
Control design techniques in power electronics devices
Strengthening the quality assurance and evidence-base for lifelong guidance : brief summary
Power plant control system : operator interface
Creation of a balanced scorecard
Practical process control
Introduction to mechatronics and measurement systems
Introduction to programmable logic controllers : the Mitsubishi FX
Naval command and control
A pre-study of the operational performance indication system for beverage processes
Electronic engine control technologies
Introduction to electronic control engineering
Supporting solution business with an integrated enterprise system
Enterprise Resource Planning and Obstacles in The Implementation Process : The Case of Kalmar
The engineering handbook
H-infinity control and its applications
Programmable controllers using the Allen-Bradley SLC-500 family
Software validation test rig
"Balanced Scorecard like never before ... It contains 94 ... comprehensive answers and extensive details and references, with insights that have never before been offered in print ... offers a thorough view of key knowledge and detailed insight ... some of the subjects covered: IT portfolio management; Overview, internal auditor; Measuring the internal audit function, System Architect (software); Features, business performance management; Methodologies, Management accounting in supply chains; Supply-chain scorecard, Capability management; Capability management frameworks, Balanced Scorecard - History, Risk IT - Risk evaluation, Federal Enterprise Architecture - Performance Reference Model (PRM), Strategische Unternehmensführung (Magazine) - Content, Balanced Scorecard - Characteristics, Organizational intelligence, Software metric; Common software measurements, Corporate governance of information technology Frameworks, Innovation; Organizational level, Corporate performance management; Application software types, Business excellence, Corporate social responsibility; Potential business benefits, IT Governance; Frameworks, List of management topics; Field- or organization-specific management, Results Based Management, Balanced Scorecard; The four perspectives, Harvard Business Review, Information technology governance; Frameworks, Frank Buytendijk; Bibliography, Process improvement; Business leaders, Strategy map; Origin of strategy maps, Microsoft Dynamics AX; Extended core, Index of management articles, Code Metrics; Common software measurements, and much more"--
Airplane stability and control : a history of the technologies that made aviation possible
Supply chain management with APO : structures, modelling approaches, and implementation of mySAP SCM 4.1
Process automation handbook : a guide to theory and practice
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Microcontroller based applied digital control
Management goals and accounting for control
Modeling and control of robot manipulators
Solving enterprise applications performance puzzles : queuing models to the rescue
Control systems safety evaluation and reliability
Data flows in SAP R/3 - ERP-system : case ABB transformers, Vaasa, Finland
Working with Odoo 10 : configure, manage, and customize Odoo to build professional-level business applications
Cost accounting : a managerial emphasis
WARD LEONARD CONTROL SYSTEM
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 12, Diagnostics services
PlyMes reporting
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
Control systems
Wärtsilä turbocharger wash and dew point controller integration
Balanced scorecard evolution : 94 success secrets : 94 most asked questions on Balanced Scorecard - what you need to know
Management systems : the study and design of information systems
Development of Safety System in Automation Cell
Universities 2006 : annual report
ERP acquisition in small businesses : case Helpten
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
Control theory of non-linear mechanical systems : a passivity-based and circuit-theoretic approach
MASTER DATA QUALITY IN ERP DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS : CASE SAP
Small unmanned aircraft : theory and practice
Interim report of the environmental economics committee : environment related energy taxation
Modern control theory
The role of management control systems in the strategic management of a project business company : a case study on a project-based company implementing a value sales strategy
Using PSV for verifying safety in action systems. Mauno Rönkkö
A simulation study of multivariable control and estimation strategies for chemical engineering processes
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 3, Data link layer
Business architecture management : architecting the business for consistency and alignment
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012
Rent, hire, loan - C/S application
The advanced Ackerman steering system of a full trailer
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
Balanced scorecard evolution : a dynamic approach to strategy execution
Guidelines for policies and systems development for lifelong guidance : a reference framework for the EU and for the commission : brief summary
Modern control engineering
Steering and suspensions technology
4th IFAC/IFIP international conference on digital computer applications to process control : Zürich, Switzerland, March 19-22, 1974. Part 1
Nonlinear and adaptive control design
Design of an educational program for control theory using SIMULINK and MATLAB
Development of commissioning guidelines for automation and control system of duel fuel power plant engine-generator set
Service-based fault tolerance for cyber-physical systems : a systems engineering approach
Sustainable solar housing Volume 2 : exemplary buildings and technologies
Inside Microsoft Dynamics AX 4.0
Enterprise systems integration
Motorsport is not just about the spectacle of some of the world's most popular and famous sporting events - it also plays a crucial role in developing new techniques and technologies. Each unit in the IMI and EAL level 2 courses are covered in full, and the chapters can be easily matched to the BTEC First course structure. The book covers introductory topics in motorsport from vehicle science and maths through the basics of vehicle maintenance to pre and post race inspections.
Control system design and commissioning for a model of a lifter vehicle
The Control handbook. Vol. 1
Automation systems for control and data acquisition
Abstract: Development of Safety System in Automation Cell.
Odoo 10 Development Essentials : fast-track your development skills to build powerful Odoo 10 business applications
Tractors and machinery for agriculture and forestry : serial control and communications data network. Part 1, General standard for mobile data communication
Proportional hydraulics : textbook
Basic motorsport engineering : units for study at level 2
Fuzzy control and identification
Preparing for ERP Implementation : Case: Enersize Oy
Production System Lean Transformation : Case: Merivaara Oy
"This book will introduce the reader to a broad range of motor types and control systems. It provides an overview of electric motor operation, selection, installation, control and maintenance. The text covers Electrical Code references applicable to the installation of new control systems and motors, as well as information on maintenance and troubleshooting techniques.  It includes coverage of how motors operate in conjunction with their associated control circuitry.  Both older and newer motor technologies are examined. Topics covered range from motor types and controls to installing and maintaining conventional controllers, electronic motor drives and programmable logic controllers." -- Publisher's description.
Automation, production systems, and computer-integrated manufacturing
The Control handbook. Vol. 2
Guidance 2013 : Guidance System in JAMK University of Applied Sciences
The art of control engineering
Estimation and control over communication networks
Tiivistelmä: Ward Leonard  control system.
Measuring Distraction at the Levels of Tactical and Strategic Control: The Limits of Capacity-Based Measures for Revealing Unsafe Visual Sampling Models
Control theory in the plane
SAP SCM : applications and modeling for supply chain management (with BW primer)
Designing user acceptance testing plan for ERP implementation
