http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15822 xylograph
xylograph
Gods' man : A novel in woodcuts
The woodcut artist's handbook : techniques and tools for relief printmaking
Woodcuts by Albrecht Dürer : an exhibition of print connoisseurship
STUDIES IN NATURE : HOKUSAI & HIROSHIGE
Heli Kurunsaari : sata näkymää kotopaikan tuntuun = a hundred views to the feel of home : Lapuan Taidemuseo = [Lapua Art Museum], 28.9. - 27.11.2011 / [julkaisun toimitus: Kirsi-Maria Tuomisto]
Japanese popular prints : from votive slips to playing cards
Japanese prints : Ukiyo-e in Edo, 1700-1900
Woodcuts in incunabula printed in the Low Countries
Hiratsuka : modern master : from Van Zelst Family Collection and the Art Institute of Chicago : the Art Institute of Chicago, from June 16 to July 29, and from August 4 to September 16, 2001 / [editor: Susan F. Rossen]
A heavenly craft : the woodcut in early printed books, illustrated books purchased by Lessing J. Rosenwald at the sale of the library of C.W. Dyson Perrins
The art of Hokusai in book illustration / Jack Hillier
Fūkei hanga no kyoshō, Hiroshige : Tōkaidō gojū-santsugi, Tōkaidō harimaze zue, Meisho Edo hyakukei : Tōkai Ginkō sōritsu 50-shūnen kinen shuppan = A Master of landscape woodblock prints, Hiroshige : Fifty-three stages of the Tokaido, Tokaido harimaze-zue, One hundred famous views of Edo : published in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Tokai Bank, Ltd
An introduction to a history of woodcut with detailed survey of work done in the fifteenth century. Vol. 1
Paul Gauguin : Paris, 1889 : [Cleveland Museum of Art, 4 October 2009 - 18 January 2010 : Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam, 19 February - 6 June 2010] / Heather Lemonedes ... [et al.]
Gordon Craig : the story of his life / Edward Craig
The new woodcut / by Malcolm C. Salaman ; ed. by C. Geoffrey Holme
Kunisada : puupiirtäjä Kabuki-teatterissa : Antellin kokoelmien japanilaiset puupiirrokset = En träsnittskonstnär på Kabuki-teatern : de japanska träsnitten i Antellska samlingen = An artist in the Kabuki theatre : the Japanese prints in the Antell collection
An introduction to a history of woodcut with detailed survey of work done in the fifteenth century. Vol. 2
Japanese prints
Hollstein's Dutch & Flemish etchings, engravings and woodcuts 1450-1700.. Volume 57, Reinier Zeeman. Pt. 2
Chinese woodcuts
More than a generation before the invention of Gutenberg's celebrated press, the new technology of image printing emerged. In this book, a distinguished group of scholars treats the earliest manifestations of printing in all aspects: technical experimentation, the complex relation of printed books to printed images, individual and institutional patronage, new iconographies, religious propaganda, and the wide variety of private and public ways in which printed images were first employed. The essays examine the technological, social, political, religious, personal, and institutional contexts of fifteenth-century woodcuts and challenge many assumptions about the phenomenon of early printing, including the beginnings of printing on cloth, the significance of monastic production, the development of book printing and book illustration, and the extent to which printing can or should be termed a 'revolution'.
Japanese woodblock prints : artists, publishers and masterworks 1680-1900
Hiroshige's woodblock prints : a guide / by Edward F. Strange
The printed image in China : from the 8th to the 21st centuries
One day in Japan with Hokusai / [text and picture selection by Julia Altmann ; edited by Christopher Wynne]
Pearls of Asia : catalogue of woodcut exlibris in celebration of the 34th FISAE Congress in Finland
Japanese woodblock print workshop : a modern guide to the ancient art of Mokuhanga
Learn to burn : a step-by-step guide to getting started in pyrography
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 1, Jost Amman book illustrations
The world in Venice : print, the city, and early modern identity
Ukiyo-e : an introduction to Japanese woodblock prints
Ukiyo-e : the art of the Japanese print
Hokusai : paintings, drawings and woodcuts
The Japanese print : a new approach
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 4, Jost Amman book illustrations
Printing with wood blocks, stencils & engravings
Hollstein's Dutch & Flemish etchings, engravings and woodcuts 1450-1700.. Volume 55, Joachim Wtewael to Frans van den Wyngaerde
Early woodcut views of New York and New Jersey : 304 illustrations from the "Historical collections"
UKIYOE : IMAGES OF UNKNOWN JAPAN
Japanismi Suomen vuosisadan vaihteen taiteessa = Japanism i finländsk konst vid sekelskiftet = Japonisme in Finnish art at the turn of the century
Hiroshige : 1797 - 1858
The actor's image : print makers of the Katsukawa School
Japanese colour prints
Japanese woodcuts
The floating world revisited
Hollstein's German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Vol. 50 Part 1, Erhard Schön bookillustrations
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 2, Jost Amman
Harunobu / by Seiichiro Takahashi ; English adaptation by John Bester
The fifty-three stages of the Tokaido
Hiroshige : 1797-1858 : master of japanese ukiyo-e woodblock prints
Japanese woodblock printing
Chiaroscuro : Renaissance woodcuts from the collections of Georg Baselitz and the Albertina, Vienna
The allure and particularity of Ukiyo-e landscape prints / Tadashi Kobayashi
THE COMPLETE WOODCUTS
Hiroshige : one hundred views of edo
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 3, Jost Amman book illustrations
The craft of woodcuts
Hokusai : "the thirty-six views of Mt.Fuji"
The rime of the ancient mariner
Traesnit = Woodcuts
Hollstein's Dutch & Flemish etchings, engravings and woodcuts 1450-1700.. Volume 58, I. Wyngaerden to Anthony van Zylvelt
Hiroshige : samurai and woodcut artist / Heikki Malme
One hundred famous views of Edo
How to look at Japanese art
Masterpieces of Japanese prints : Ukiyo-e from the Victoria and Albert Museum
Index of ukiyo-e in western collections
Wood engraving : how to do it
Utamaro : colour prints and paintings
The printed image in China : from the 8th to the 21th centuries
The Victorian woodblock illustrators
The woodcut of to-day at home and abroad
A history of wood engraving / by Albert Garrett
Utamaro and the spectacle of beauty
The esoteric iconography of Japanese maṇḍalas
A history of wood-engraving : with one hundred and twenty illustrations / by Douglas Percy Bliss
The complete woodcuts of Albrecht Dürer
Japanese illustration : a history of the arts of wood-cutting and colour printing in Japan
Hollstein's German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Vol. 50 Part 2, Erhard Schön bookillustrations
Art and aesthetics in Chinese popular prints : selections from the Muban Foundation collection
The illustrated Bartsch : 166 (supplement) : German single-leaf woodcuts before 1500 : (anonymous artists: .1594-.1782-2) / edited by Richard S. Field ; founding editor: Walter L. Strauss ; general editors : Anthony S. Kaufmann and John T. Spike
Ukiyo-e : The art of Japanese woodblock prints
A treasury of Japanese wood block prints (ukiyo-e)
Japanese prints : ealities of the "Floating world"
The prints of Japan / Frank A. Turk
A history of wood engraving
Color woodblock : printmaking : the traditional method of ukiyo-e
The art and craft of woodblock printmaking : woodblock printmaking with oil-based inks and the Japanese watercolour woodcut / Kari Laitinen, Tuula Moilanen, Antti Tanttu
Mount Fuji : sacred mountain of Japan
JAPANESE COLOUR PRINTS
Japanese wood-block prints / by Shizuya Fujikake
The art of Japanese prints / Nigel Cawthorne
The art and craft of woodblock printmaking : woodblock printmaking with oil-based inks and the Japanese watercolour woodcut
UTAMARO : COLOUR PRINTS AND PAINTINGS
Landmarks in Print Collecting : connoisseurs and donors at the British Museum since 1753
Hokusai : prints and drawings
The cutting edge of modernity : linocuts of the Grosvenor School
The colour-prints of Japan : an appreciation and history
Woodburning project & pattern treasury : create your own pyrography art with 70 mix-and-match designs
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 1, Jost Amman
Images from the floating world : the Japanese print including an illustrated dictionary of ukiyo-e / Richard Lane
Woodblock kuchi-e prints : reflections of Meiji culture
The art of Japanese prints
Special exhibition : traditional woodblock prints of Taiwan : Taipei Fine Art Museum, December 24, 1985 - February 24, 1986 / organizer: Council for Cultural Planning and Development, Executive Yuan, R.O.C. ; [publisher: Chen, Chi-lu ; special writer: Pan, Yuah-shih, Lü, Li-cheng ; chief editor: Huang, Tsai-lang
Japanese Woodblocks : Masterpieces of art
The dark edge of the north - Olaus Magnus's woodcuts as a basic portrait of Lapland myth = Pohjolan pimeä reuna - Olaus Magnuksen puupiirrokset Lappi-myytin alkukasvustona
Selections of Rong Bao Zhai's water and colour woodlock printings
Ian McKeever : Twelve x eight and other Woodcut Monoprints 1997-1998 : Alan Cristea Gallery, London, 20 May - 20 June 1998
Hollstein's Dutch & Flemish etchings, engravings and woodcuts 1450-1700.. Volume 56, Reinier Zeeman. Pt. 1
Hiroshige : prints and drawings
The eye of atrocity : superviolent art
Hiroshige : 1797-1858
Hokusai's mount Fuji : the complete view in color
Japanese woodblock print workshop : a modern guide to the ancient art of mokuhanga
Drzeworyty i miedzioryty 15. wieku : katalog zbiorow = Woodcuts and engravings of the 15th century : catalogue of the collection / Helena Domaszewska
Making woodblock prints
The new Hollstein German engravings, etchings and woodcuts 1400-1700.. Part 2, Jost Amman book illustrations
Kawase Hasui : the complete woodblock prints
Special exhibition : collectors' show of traditional Chinese woodcut prints : [Taipei Fine Arts Museum, 1984] / organizer: Council for Cultural Planning and Development, Executive Yuan, R.O.C. ; [publisher: CHEN, Chi-lu ; special writer: PAN, Yuan-shih ; editor-in-chief: HUANG, Tsai-lang]
Utamaro : portraits from the floating world
The woodcut in fifteenth-century Europe
The beauty & the actor : ukiyo-e : Japanese prints from the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam and the Rijksmuseum voor Volkenkunde Leiden
Evolving techniques in Japanese woodblock prints
Hokusai & Hiroshige : matkalla Edoon : the Yasusaburo Hara Collection, Tokyo : Ateneumin taidemuseo = Hokusai & Hiroshige : on journey to Edo : the Yasusaburo Hara Collection, Tokyo : Ateneum Art Museum, [Helsinki], 5.9. - 7.12.2008 / toimittaja = editor: Heikki Malme
Victorian illustration : the Pre-Raphaelites, the idyllic school, and the high Victorians
The illustrated Bartsch : 164 (Supplement) : German single-leaf woodcuts before 1500 (Anonymous artists: .997-.1383) / ed. by Richard S. Field
The Gandalf Collection : japanilaisia puupiirroksia : Retretti
