http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1583 museum pedagogy
museum pedagogy
Museum branding : how to create and maintain image, loyality and support / Margot A. Wallace
Changes in museum practice : new media, refugees and participation
A companion to museum studies
Interpreting Difficult History at Museums and Historic Sites is framed by educational psychoanalytic theory and positions museum workers, public historians, and museum visitors as learners. Through this lens, museum workers and public historians can develop compelling and ethical representations of historical individuals, communities, and populations who have suffered. To learn more, check out the website here: http://interpretingdifficulthistory.com/.
Writing a museum education policy
Museum and gallery education : a manual of good practise
Radical museology : or, what's 'contemporary' in museums of contemporary art? / Claire Bishop ; with drawings by Jan Perjovschi
Initiatives in museum education
Interpreting difficult history at museums and historic sites
Challenging History in the Museum explores work with difficult, contested and sensitive heritages in a range of museum contexts. It is based on the Challenging History project, which brings together a wide range of heritage professionals, practitioners and academics to explore heritage and museum learning programmes in relation to difficult and controversial subjects. The book draws on work from countries around the world including Brazil, Cambodia, Canada, England, Germany, Japan, Northern Ireland, Norway, Scotland, South Africa, Spain and USA and crosses a number of disciplines: Museum and Heritage Studies, Cultural Policy Studies, Performance Studies, Media Studies and Critical Theory Studies. It will also be of interest to scholars of Cultural History and Art History. --Publisher's description.
Action points : promoting more and better opportunities for adult learning in museums and galleries : changing lives across Europe
Museum, media, message / edited by Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
Museums and the interpretation of visual culture
The museum experience revisited
Toward connected self-reliance at The Irish Museum of Modern Art : even her nudes were lovely : a research report on the museum ́s programme for older adults / Ted Fleming and Anne Gallagher
The educational role of the museum
Oswald and the objects : improving the access of Finnish daycare centers to Design Museum's educational activities
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume one
Museum and gallery education : a manual of good practice
Foreword / Emlyn Koster. -- Introduction / Wayne LaBar. -- From headphones to microphones : mobile social media in the museum as distributed network / Nancy Proctor. -- Museum education and mobile for museums : conceptual considerations between old issues and new challenges / Theo Hug. -- iPhone and its use in museums / Bjarki Valtysson, Nanna Holdgaard & Rich Ling. -- Web empowerment for cultural heritage organizations : towards a theoretical framework / Monica Murrio. -- Panoscope 360 : an ethnography of the appropriation of an interactive and immersive technology / Letizia Daronia, André H. Caron. -- Click history : wherever, whenever / Kathleen Hulser, Steve Bull. -- Portable and playful : locative media, art and games in the mobile space / Martha Ladly. -- Ego-trap : the design and implementation of a digital narrative / Anne Kahr-Højland. -- Mobile devices for promoting museum learning / Timothy D. Zimmerman. -- Placing our bets : building a national museum's media strategy from scratch / Corey Timpson. -- Virtual worlds as technologies for lifelong learning and the implications for museums / Joe Sanchez. -- Mobile phones for informal science center learning : a socio-technical analysis / James E. Katz, Kate Haley Goldman & Susan Foutz. -- Gyroscopic museum / Wayne Labar. -- Conclusion / James E. Katz, Lora Appel & Ellen Lynch.
From vision to action : a dissertation about environmental education in Finnish museums
The museum as forum and actor
This collection of essays addresses the evolving goals, functions, values, and even definitions of museums since the end of WW II. It draws from 32 papers delivered at a national seminar entitled "Gender Perspectives: The Impact of Women in Museums.'' The editors are staff members of the Smithsonian, as are many of the contributors, both men and women. Although women were essential in founding, funding, and staffing museums, the thesis in Part I is that women do not hold positions of power, a contention that would appear to be challenged by the female participants themselves, all executives. Kendall Taylor's sound historical study shows too, among other things, that the role of women in museums tends to reflect, even anticipate, their role in society. Later in the collection, another solid essay by Lois Banner charts three stages of feminist studies (from "oppression studies'' to "post-structural feminism'') and contradicts the personal experiences that make up much of the volume. But it is here that the diversity of what we call museums and the people who run them becomes apparent: the contributors hail from high-art collections, children's museums, science and technology museums, and ethnic museums, specifically African- American. Many are concerned primarily with education, social commitment, and community values rather than with the more traditional tasks of curating, preserving, and restoring. All the essays illustrate how the emergence of women has coincided with the new functions, goals, and values of museums. The quality of the essays is uneven, the writing poor, the sense of audience unfocused (``Who are we as women in the museum world?'' the editors query). Post-conference editing would have given the collection some badly needed coherence . -- Copyright ©1994, Kirkus Associates, LP. All rights reserved.
Museums and the shaping of knowledge / Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
The Journal of museum education : Roundtable reports
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Museums for social harmony : public education and museums
Kylässä, kaupungissa = In the village, in the city / Kaija Kaitavuori
Heritage learning matters - museums and universal heritage : proceedings of the ICOM/CECA'07 Conference, Vienna, August 20-24, 2007
Unbound by place or time : museums and online learning / by William B. Crow and Herminia Din
Norwegian museums and the multicultural challenge : principles and practices in exhibition and education
Democratising the museum : reflections on participatory technologies
Inspiring learning in galleries : enquire about learning in galleries / [editor: Barbara Taylor]
Museums, adults, and the humanities : a guide for educational programming
Museums and education : purpose, pedagogy, performance / Eilean Hooper-Greenhill
Listening in on museum conversations / Gaea Leinhardt and Karen Knutson
The art gallery handbook : a resource for teachers / edited by Helen Charman, Katherine Rose and Gillian Wilson
Museums and their visitors
Wonderful things : learning with museum objects
A teacher's guide to using castles
Social design in museums : the psychology of visitor studies : collected essays. Volume two
Judging exhibitions : a framework for assessing excellence
Museum studies : an anthology of contexts
The new museum community : audiences, challenges, benefits : a collection of essays
Including museums : perspectives on museums, galleries and social inclusion
Ohi katsova prelaatti : näkökohtia Sinebrychoffin taidemuseon renessanssimuotokuvaan = The prelate looks sideways : new light on a Renaissance portrait at the Sinebrychoff Art Museum
Perspectives on object-centered learning in museums
Teaching in the art museum : interpretation as experience
Touch in museums : policy and practice in object handling / edited by Helen J. Chatterjee
A place to discover : teaching science and technology with museums
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
The participatory museum / by Nina Simon
Museum and gallery education
Kuunneltuja kuvia : kuvataidetta näkövammaisille = Pictures for listening : visual arts for the visually handicapped / Erica Othman, Marjatta Levanto
The Caring museum : new models of engagement with ageing
Otto Neurath : museum and exhibition work : spaces (designed) for communication
A common wealth : museums in the learning age ; a report to the Department for Culture, Media and Sport
In search of a masterpiece : an art lover's guide to Great Britain and Ireland
Meeting on the role of museums in education and cultural action = Colloque sur le rôle des Musées dans l'éducation et l'action culturelle : Moscow-Leningrad 14th-21st May 1968
A study of science museums with special reference to their educational programs
Doing children's museums : a guide to 265 hands-on museums
ICOM Education (1982/83): 10
The art gallery handbook : a resource for teachers
The world between us - contemporary museums as public spaces : case study : EMMA
Creativity and technology : social media, mobiles and museums
Curating and the educational turn / Paul O'Neill & Mick Wilson (eds.)
Meeting on the role of museums in education and cultural action : Moscow-Leningrad, 14th-21st May 1968 / ICOM International Council of Museums
Museums in motion : an introduction to the history and functions of museums
Different images of science : a study of how science is constituted in exhibitions
Museums and adult learning : perspectives from Europe / edited by Alan Chadwick and Annette Stannett
Museum movement techniques : how to craft a moving museum experience / Shelley Kruger Weisberg
Museums and education : purpose, pedagogy, performance
A trip to the Orsay Museum
Dialogue-based teaching : the art museum as a learning space
In principle, in practice : museums as learning institutions
The adult and the museum
Museum educator's handbook
At least 101 things to do in a museum
Group inquiry at science museum exhibits : getting visitors to ask juicy questions
Museum theatre : communicating with visitors through drama
What learning looks like : mediated learning in theory and practice, K-6
Museum participation : new directions for audience collaboration
A matter of class : John Cotton Dana, progressive reform, and the Newark Museum
Places of learning : media, architecture, pedagogy
Handbook for school teachers
Good practice : collecting and sharing good practice for lifelong learners in art museums and galleries in Europe
A teacher's guide to using school buildings
Museum philosophy for the twenty-first century
It's all mediating: outlining and incorporating the roles of curating and education in the exhibition context
BALTIC the centre for contemporary art : tuotantolaitoksesta kulttuurikeskukseksi = BALTIC the centre for contemporary art : from a production plant to a centre for culture
The presented past : heritage, museums and education
Museum educator's handbook / Graeme K. Talboys
Gender perspectives : essays on women in museums
Museums and design education : looking to learn, learning to see
The art museum as educator : a collection of studies as guides to practice and policy / Council on museums and education in the visual arts ; Barbara Y. Newsom and Adele Z. Silver, eds.
What makes a great exhibition?
The museum in transition : a philosophical perspective
Museums at play : games, interaction and learning
Challenging history in the museum : international perspectives
Learning on display : student-created museums that build understanding
Irish Museum of Modern Art : artists' panel 2005 / 06 / [editor: Lisa Moran ; text: Christine Mackey .. [et al.]]
Rethinking learning : museums and young people
Developing cross curricular learning in museums and galleries / Sue Wilkinson and Sue Clive ; edited by Jennifer Blain
Touch in museums : policy and practice in object handling
Archaeological heritage : methods of education and popularization
Connecting kids to history with museum exhibitions
Summary.
Music in the museum : material concerning the CECA Conference Warszawa - Torun - Poznan, 6-12 October 1975
The organization of museums : practical advice
The engaging museum : developing museums for visitor involvement
Engaging the visitor : designing exhibits that work
Training needs : training and professional development programmes for museum and gallery educators to support the delivery of lifelong learning
Highlights in museum education / Leena Hannula
Text in the exhibition medium
Alienation in the white cube : an educational perspective on curating
Going to exhibitions / [written and re-ed. by Ulla Arnell, Inger Hammer, Göran Nylöf]
Lifelong learning in museums : a European handbook
It's all mediating : Conference report : International conference on curating and education in the exhibition context May 30-31, 2012, Helsinki, Finland
Vincent & Theo : brothers in art
Museums : social learning spaces and knowledge producing processes
Pterodactyls and old lace : museums in education
Creativity and technology : social media, mobiles and museums / edited by James E Katz, Wayne LaBar & Ellen Lynch
The museum in the service of man today and tomorrow : the museum's educational and cultural role : the papers from the ninth general conference of Icom = Le musée au service des hommes aujourd'hui et demain : le role éducatif et culturel des musées : acte
Art and the historic environment
World heritage sites : [a teacher's guide]
Conversations with visitors : social media in museums : selected essays
The good guide : a sourcebook for interpreters, docents and tour guides / Alison L. Grinder, E. Sue McCoy
The art museum as educator : a collection of studies as guides to practice and policy
Using museums as an educational resource : an introductory handbook for students and teachers / Graeme K. Talboys
"Provides an extraordinary and comprehensive international overview of the development, use and evaluation of games within museum and cultural contexts, through over 40 detailed cases studies. It draws on the experience of game designers and theorists and explores the range of new opportunities for interactivity using gaming."--Cover.
Using museums as an educational resource : an introductory handbook for students and teachers
