http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15837 civil wars
civil wars
On America and the Civil War
The Spanish civil war
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Jewish pogroms in the Ukraine and Byelorussia (1918-1921)
Doctor Zhivago
Catholics and the civil war in Spain
The royalist
Bone China
The Irish and British wars, 1637-1654 : triumph, tragedy, and failure
The Libyan Revolution and its aftermath
Girl at war : a novel
A game for swallows : to die, to leave, to return
Britain and the Spanish Civil War
A storm of swords. Part 2 : Blood and gold
The economic functions of violence in civil wars
Lost city radio : a novel
The crimson ribbon
The king's name
Shattered pillars
Robert E. Lee in Love and War written by John Jakes : comparison with accounts by historians Foote, Catton and McPherson
What is happening in Spain?
The order of scales
Russia's civil war
Becoming American under fire : Irish Americans, African Americans, and the politics of citizenship during the civil war era
In search of Africa
Killers of the King : The men who dared to execute Charles I
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
The return
A slant of light : a novel
On the eve of civil war in Spain
Warfare in African history
Commemorating the Irish Civil War : history and memory, 1923-2000
Spanish front
The memory of love
Honour to the dead
Foreign wings over the Basque country : the Spanish war
Ženskata strana na prikaznata : lični prikazni na krizata vo Makedonija 2001 = Ana femërore e rrëfimit = Women's side of the story : personal narratives about the Macedonian crisis 2001
A curse on Dostoevsky
The soldier's farewell
Across a bridge of dreams
Steles of the sky
The Spanish revolution in danger!
Documents on the Italian intervention in Spain
Unknown soldier. Vol. 3 : Dry season
Into the guns
The war in former Yugoslavia
Last horseman
Croatia : a nation forged in war
This hallowed ground : the story of the Union side of the Civil War
Aphrodite's war
A game of thrones
the Baptismal Font of Cervantes and the Tomb of Cardinal Cisneros (Alcalá de Henares)
On state, marginalization, and origins of rebellion : the formation of insurgencies in Southern Sudan
A girl made of dust
Rwanda and genocide in the twentieth century
Son of heaven
Personality and Identity Factors in the Liberian Civil War and Their Effects on the ECOMOG Peacekeeping Operation
A splendid little war
The frozen heart
Days without end
The templar magician
A fort of nine towers
Cromwell's blessing
Spain and Britain
Thailand-Burma border : history and current issues
New order in Valencia : an article from " The Times ".
Sudan : the failure and division of an African state
Ruined
Ireland's civil war
Christ or Franco? : an answer to the collective letter which the Spanish Episcopate issued to the bishops of the world
Echoes from afar
The politics of the Irish civil war
The civil war in Spain
Beirut 1990 : snapshots of a civil war
Great issues in American history : from the Revolution to the Civil War 1765-1865
The crossing : my journey to the shattered heart of Syria
Ending civil wars
Foreign intervention in Spain. 1
Bronco Benny
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 2
Anarchism, the republic and civil war in Spain : 1931-1939
Why Angola matters : report of a conference held at Pembroke College, Cambridge, March 21-22, 1994
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Homage to Catalonia
Spain in arms 1937
The aftermath of war : experiences and social attitudes in the western Balkans
The tiller of waters
News of the world : a novel
The flight : the best ever screen adaption of M. Bulgakov's novels
Sierra Leone after the war : reconstruction, aid and corruption
Finland and the United States, 1917-1919 : early years of mutual relations
The divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
The autumn republic
Unknown soldier. [Vol. 4] : Beautiful world
American destiny
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Spain in revolt : a history of the civil war in Spain in 1936 and a study of its social, political and economic causes
Sierra Leone After the War : Reconstruction, Aid and Corruption
The golden book of the Civil war
The bleeding land
The causes of the English Revolution, 1529-1642
Raspeto Kosovo : oskvernennye i uničtožennye pravoslavnye serbskie hramy i monastyri v Kosovo-Metohii (iûn' 1999 g.-maj 2001 g.) = Crucified Kosovo : desecrated and destroyed orthodox Serbian churches and monasteries in Kosovo and Metohia (June 1999 -May 2001)
The British wars, 1637-1651
Intervention : external involvement in civil wars
A dance with dragons
Spain today : revolution and counter-revolution
Gone with the wind
Sudan : race, religion and violence
The international regulation of civil wars
Managing conflict after civil war : the power-sharing and power-dividing approaches
This divided island : stories from the Sri Lankan war
The broken land
They fight like soldiers, they die like children
Revolution & counterrevolution in Spain. Incl. : "The civil war in Spain"
The last horseman
The greenhorn
The Great Rebellion 1642-1660
On May Day, 2018, sixty meteors entered Earth’s atmosphere and exploded around the globe with a force greater than a nuclear blast. Earthquakes and tsunamis followed. Then China attacked Europe, Asia, and the United States in the belief the disaster was an act of war. Washington D.C. was a casualty of the meteor onslaught that decimated the nation’s leadership and left the surviving elements of the armed forces to try and restore order as American society fell apart. As refugees across America band together and engage in open warfare with the military over scarce resources, a select group of individuals representing the surviving corporate structure make a power play to rebuild the country in a free market image as The New Confederacy.
G.I. Joe : Snake Eyes : Cobra civil war. volume 1
A nation and not a rabble : the Irish Revolution 1913-1923
One hundred days
DMZ. [11] : Free states rising
The fixer and other stories
The Spanish labyrinth : an account of the social and political background of the civil war
A long way gone : memoirs of a boy soldier
Among the ruins : Syria past and present
Malicious intent
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
The agony of Spain : socialist appeal to British democracy : Spanish envoys tell the facts
Decisive encounters : the Chinese civil war, 1946-1950
The United Nations and civil wars
In the night of time
Spanish testament
Conflict in Somalia and Ethiopia
The night wanderers : Uganda's children and The Lord's Resistance Army
When the hills ask for your blood : a personal story of genocide and Rwanda
The causes of the American civil war
Sahara man : travelling with the Tuareg
The hidden light of objects
Winters in the south
Unknown soldier. Vol. 2 : Easy kill
Chechnya : calamity in the Caucasus
The king of the crags
Broken bonds : Yogoslavia's disintegration and Balkan politics in transition
Sustainable Peace : Angola's recovery
At a time when most observers saw war in Europe as belonging to an ever more distant past, the wars of Yugoslav succession shattered this illusion. The direct and indirect consequences of these wars for people in the region are still not fully understood, but it is clear that the war has had far reaching social and political consequences for each national society as a whole.This groundbreaking volume provides a series of analyses of experiences and social attitudes in the Western Balkans in the aftermath of those wars. Based on survey data from 22,000 respondents, the editors have created a volume which contributes to our understanding of both specific war-related effects as well as a detailed description of contemporary attitudes and values across these societies.This book will be of interest to academic specialists and students interested in the effects of war on psychological health and on ethnic relations in the Western Balkans as well as how this applies to other post-conflict societies. It will also be of interest to sociologists, political scientists, and historians studying differences in attitudes between the countries, ethnic groups, and generations in this region related to diverse topics from ethnic tolerance to states' responsibility for equality and gender roles.
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
Sieges of the English Civil Wars
Under the North Star. 2 : The uprising
France, the French community and Nigeria : the background and manifestation of French involvement in the Nigerian civil war, 1967-1970
The book of the XV Brigade : records of British, American, Canadian, and Irish volunteers in the XV International Brigade in Spain 1936 - 1938.
The political consequences of the Addis Ababa agreement
A lion among men
Civil wars in the twentieth century
Why the South lost the Civil War
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
Spain and the great powers 1936-1941
The drama of Spain : from the proclamation of the republic to the civil war 1931-1936
Burgos justice : a years's experience of Nationalist Spain
A thousand splendid suns
Out of the Ashes
The English Revolution : politics, events, ideas
Historical dictionary of the Russian civil wars, 1916-1926
Fall of light
Lincoln's dreams
Battlefields of the Civil War : a guide for travellers
Civil war in China : the political struggle, 1945-1949
Vanished
Schopenhauer's telescope
Save Spain from fascism
The war of Nigerian unity, 1967-1970
A stunning story of love, betrayal, and family, set against the backdrop of a changing Taiwan over the course of the twentieth century. February 28, 1947: Trapped inside the family home amid an uprising that has rocked Taipei, Dr. Tsai delivers his youngest daughter, the unnamed narrator of Green Island, just after midnight as the city is plunged into martial law. In the following weeks, as the Chinese Nationalists act to crush the opposition, Dr. Tsai becomes one of the many thousands of people dragged away from their families and thrown into prison. His return, after more than a decade, is marked by alienation from his loved ones and paranoia among his communityconflicts that loom over the growing bond he forms with his youngest daughter. Years later, this troubled past follows her to the United States, where, as a mother and a wife, she too is forced to decide between what is right and what might save her familythe same choice she witnessed her father make many years before. As the novel sweeps across six decades and two continents, the life of the narrator shadows the course of Taiwans history from the end of Japanese colonial rule to the decades under martial law and, finally, to Taiwans transformation into a democracy. But, above all, Green Island is a lush and lyrical story of a family and a nation grappling with the nuances of complicity and survival, raising the question: how far would you be willing to go for the ones you love? From the Hardcover edition.
From conflict to reconstruction : reviving the social contract
The greatness of Oliver Cromwell
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Gone with the wind : The Illustrated screenplay
Army life in a Black Regiment
The protector
The Finnish revolution : a self-criticism
Making urban revolution in China : the CCP-GMD struggle for Beiping-Tianjin, 1945-1949
The battle for Spain : the Spanish civil war 1936-1939
Brothers' fury
Army of god : Joseph Kony's war in Central Africa
The angels have left us : the Rwanda tragedy and the churches
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
"Most accounts of Syria's brutal, long-lasting civil war focus on a domestic contest that began in 2011 and only later drew foreign nations into the escalating violence. Christopher Phillips argues instead that the international dimension was never secondary but that Syria's war was, from the very start, profoundly influenced by regional factors, particularly the vacuum created by a perceived decline of U.S. power in the Middle East. This precipitated a new regional order in which six external protagonists--the United States, Russia, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and Qatar--have violently competed for influence, with Syria a key battleground. Drawing on a plethora of original interviews, Phillips constructs a new narrative of Syria's war. Without absolving the brutal Bashar al-Assad regime, the author untangles the key external factors which explain the acceleration and endurance of the conflict, including the West's strategy against ISIS. He concludes with some insights on Syria and the region's future"--
Building a professional learning community in a conflict and post-conflict environment : a case-study of a high school in Liberia
Kingmaker : divided souls
La patraña del bolchevismo = The fabulous story of bolchevism = La fable du bolchevisme
Out of Oz
The king's list
The struggle against Franco oppression
Violence against civilians in civil wars : looting or terror?
Re Temur, exiled heir to his grandfather's Khaganate, has finally raised his banner and declared himself at war with his usurping uncle. With his companions - the Wizard Samarkar, the Cho-tse Hrahima, and the silent monk Brother Hsiung - he must make his way to Dragon Lake to gather his army of followers. Temur has many enemies, and they are not idle. The sorcerer who leads the Nameless Assassins, whose malice has shattered the peace of all the empires of the Celedon Highway, has struck at Temur's uncle already. To the south, in the Rasan empire, a magical plague rages. To the east, the great city of Asmaracanda has burned, and the Uthman Caliph is deposed. And in the hidden ancient empire of Erem, Temur's son has been born and a new moon has risen in the Eternal Sky.
Foreign journalists under Franco's terror
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
This is an epic historical adventure set during the Boer War. Dublin, 1899. On a foul night in a troubled city, lawyer Joseph Radcliffe watches the execution of a young Irish rebel. Radcliffe, together with his black American comrade Benjamin Pierce, has made a living defending the toughest cases in Dublin, but is haunted by the spectre of his defeats, the loss of his wife and child and his difficult relationship with his surviving son, Edward. While Ireland smoulders with rebellion, war breaks out in South Africa and when, after an argument with his father, Edward runs away to join the Irish forces fighting there, Radcliffe, accompanied by Pierce, sets out to find him and bring him home. South Africa, 1900. Both Radcliffe and Pierce have known war. Former cavalrymen in the US army, they have seen enough killing to last them a lifetime. But eight hundred miles north of Cape Town, amid the trackless veld, they experience the bloody brutality of a conflict that the British generals are shocked to discover they are losing. Under fire from Boer snipers and artillery, distrusted by the British forces, the two old soldiers will find their survival skills tested to the hilt as they search for the missing boy in this epic tale of heroism and treachery, love and loyalty.
Range of ghosts
Two comrades were serving
Abstract: Investors have stayed away from the African continent for a very long time and rightfully so. The continent is fraught with civil unrest from Somalia to Sudan, from Libya to Democratic Republic of Congo. Most of the countries that are experiencing civil unrests are resource-rich nations. This gives credence to the concept of 'resource curse' for resource-rich nations. Sierra Leone is no exception, having suffered an eleven-year long civil war, from 1991 to 2002, causing major setbacks for the country, from loss of lives to a disrupted economic system. However, with the speed of economic growth around the world, Africa has become an important entity with its vast natural resource deposits. The world needs Africa to fuel its economic growth, which has seen the influence and presence of China, with the fastest growing economy, see significant growth on the continent. Sierra Leone now enjoys some stability and its economy steadily growing. With the recent discovery of two oil wells off the coasts of Freetown is bound to see more FDI coming the country's way. The country also has embarked on reopening some of its mines that were closed because of the civil war. The country is expected to start negotiating for mining and exploration contracts. For the past 50 years, China has been working hard to strategically position itself in Africa and developed important bilateral relationships to maintain a strong foothold on the continent. China has become Africa's leading single donor, on a continent that largely depends on aid; this is a major advantage for the Asian giant. Western and Chinese aid are both aimed at the same goal, the UN's Millennium Development Goals (MDG). However, there are significant differences in their policies and implementations. The difference can be found in their conditions and/or what they are tied to (place or company to spend it with).
The National Palace (Madrid)
Conflict in Spain 1920 - 1937 : a documented record
The battle for Syria : international rivalry in the new Middle East
Turncoats and renegadoes : changing sides during the English Civil Wars
For whom the bell tolls
