http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15825 Prunus padus
Prunus padus European bird cherry
Studies in the structure of sentences in the plays of Harold Pinter
Jurisdictional immunities in international criminal law : especially of the heads of state and of ministers of foreign affairs
Shedding light on the early phases of cancer
Music from finland lp 206.
Changes in the yield and protein quantity of oat caused by Rhopalosiphum padi (L.) (Hom., Aphididae)
The 2nd international biennial of graphic arts : Györ, Hungary, from 3 Oct. to 30 Nov. 1993 = 2. nemzetközi grafikai biennálé : [Györ], október 3 - november 30, 1993
On the geology of the Tuomivaara area north of Vuokatti in Sotkamo
Metamorphism and deformation of the early Proterozoic Tuomivaara iron-formation, Finland
The Tuomikoski letters to Herman Persson. A tribute to the tradition of Nordic field bryology
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Select bibliography
Typology of Finnish derivational suffixes
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = Bildkonstakademins examensutställning = Finnish Academy of Fine Arts degree show, 14.5.-7.6.2009
Fotofeis : Scottish international festival of photography / [ed. by Alasdair Foster...et al.]
Nuorten 27. näyttely : Helsingin Taidehalli = De ungas 27. utställning : Helsingfors Konsthall = The exhibition of the young artists : 1.7. - 4.8.1974
Alarm system for insect migration using weather radars
Teuvo Tuomivaara : veistoksia : Aineen taidemuseo  3.11. - 31.12.2000 = sculptures : the Aine Art Museum 3.11. - 31.12.2000 / [toimitus: Katriina Pietilä-Juntura ; artikkeli: Marjaana Niskala]
Paratiisin puutarha : Helsingin kaupungin taidemuseo, Taidemuseo Meilahti 9.6. - 19.9.2004 = Paradisets trädgård : Helsingfors stads konstmuseum, Konstmuseet Mejlans 9.6. -19.9.2004 = Garden of Eden : Helsinki City Art Museum, Art Museum Meilahti 9.6. - 1 / [kirjoittajat = författarna = authors: Berndt Arell ... et al.] ; [luettelon toimitus = katalogredaktion = editorial work: Sointu Fritze]
Student's memories of Risto Tuomikoski
Early warning system for insect migration using weather radars
Intercropping, insect populations and pest damage : case study and conceptual model
The godson's memories of Risto Tuomikoski as a person, in the field and at the microscope
Abstract.
European bird cherry (Prunus padus Linneaus) : a biodiverse wild plant for horticulture
On the stratigraphy and petrography of the Tuomivaara iron formation in Sotkamo, northern Finland
Plant-aphid interactions : studies of cyanogenic glucosides and aphid-induced responses in Hordeum vulgare
Uncommon fruits for every garden
The vascular plant and miscellaneous publications of Risto Tuomikoski
Kuvan kevät : Kuvataideakatemian lopputyönäyttely = Bildkonstakademins examensutställning = Finnish Academy of Fine Arts degree show : Kuvataideakatemia, Kaiku-galleria, Kuvataideakatemian galleria, Galleria FAFA, 14.5. - 7.6.2009
Professor Risto Tuomikoski memorial issue
Polarbogen : Kunst aus den nördlichen Regionen Europas : Ausstellung Dresdner Bank, München, 25.10. - 22.11.1996 = Polararc : art from the northernmost area of Europa : Dresdner Bank, München, 25.10. - 22.11.1996
Open source art and distributed genius : reflections on Tuomi ́s networks of innovation / Chuck Dyke
Preference of cereal aphids for various cereal varieties and species of graminea, juncaceae, and cyperaceae
The edge : art from the northernmost part of Europe : City Art Center, Edinburgh, 17.4. - 23.5.1998 : Galärvarvet, Stockholm, 5.6. - 14.6.1998
The biography of professor Risto Tuomikoski: Bryologist, entomologist, linguistic, mycologist, vegetation scientist and ecologist
Biography, memoirs
Predation on the Bird Cherry-Oat aphid in cereals
Cultural boundaries - kohtaamisia Pietarissa : First Artsmo Exhibition : intensive programme : exhibition catalogue
Maisa Tikkanen, Ritva-Liisa Virtanen, Kirsimaria E. Törönen- Ripatti, Esa Tuomiranta : [Tina B : the Prague contemporary art festival, May 18 - June 27, 2006] / [artists presentations by Pirjo Julkunen]
Risto Tuomikoski as a vegetation researcher and ecologist
Keskellä kylää : Helsingin hiippakunnan kirkkoja = Kyrkor i Helsingfors stift = Churches in the Diocese of Helsinki
Running with the foreign ministers
The depositional environment of the early Proterozoic Tuomivaara Iron-Formation and associated metasediments, eastern Finland
A field trip with Risto Tuomikoski
