http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15896 Iranian languages
Iranian languages
Language in time and space : a Festschrift for Werner Winter on the occasion of his 80th birthday
The history of contemporary Iranian Jews
Studia iranica et alanica : Festschrift for prof. Vasilij Ivanovic Abaev on the occasion of his 95th birthday
Topics in Iranian linguistics
Voices at the borders, prose on the marigins : exploring the contemporary Pashto short story in a context of war and crisis
The formation of Aryan branch of Indo-European
Languages of South Asia : a guide
Iranica Cracoviensia : Cracow Iranian studies in memory of Władysław Dulęba
Iranian world and Volga-Permian languages
Adaptive multilinguals : a survey of language on Larak Island
Mihmani-i ayinah : (ingilisi-farsi) : dastan'ha-yi az zanan-i nivisandah-yi muasir-i Iran = A feast in the mirror : stories by contemporary Iranian women
Notes on the language and ethnography of the Zoroastrians of Yazd
Medioiranica : proceedings of the international colloquium organized by the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven from the 21st to the 23rd of May 1990
Iranian languages and texts from Iran and Turan : Ronald E. Emmerick memorial volume
A grammar of the Shina language of Indus Kohistan
The Balochi language of Turkmenistan : a corpus-based grammatical description
The Gilaki language
The Ōrmuṛī or Bargistā language : an account of a little-known Eranian dialect
Indo-Iranian languages and peoples
The Avestan vowels
Pashto : the complete course. IA
Romani : a linguistic introduction
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 1, Parachi and Ormuri
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 3, The Pashai language : Vocabulary
Old and new perspectives on South Asian languages : grammar and semantics
Pashto : the complete course. IIA
Vidyārṇavavandanam : essays in Honour of Asko Parpola
Studies in the history and language of the Sarmatians
Poet and hero in the Persian book of kings
An anthology of Iranian studies. 3
Minor languages : approaches, definitions, controversies : papers from the conference on 'Minor Languages : Coming to grips with a suitable definition', Bremen, June 2001
Comparative basic vocabulary of Khonjī and Lārī = Wāžahnāmi bunyādī tatbīqī ḫunǧā wa lārī
Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Aryan, Proto-Indo-Aryan and Proto-Iranian in archaeological perspective : summary of a holsitic attempt at reconstruction
The Iranian name for Christians and the "God-fearers"
Languages of Iran: past and present : Iranian studies in memoriam David Neil MacKenzie
When tradition meets modernity : five life stories from the Galesh community in Ziarat, Golestan, Iran
Evidentials : Turkic, Iranian and neighbouring languages
The ancient picture of the world in Indo-Iranian and Finno-Ugic languages
Pashto : the complete course. IIB
Etymological dictionary of the Iranian verb
This Introduction to Avestan provides a concise grammar of the Avestan language, including information on the language history and short text samples with a glossary.
Middle Iranian studies : proceedings of the international symposium organized by the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven from the 17th to the 20th of May 1982
Iranica varia : papers in honor of Professor Ehsan Yarshater
Studies in the historical development of the Ossetic vocalism
Religious texts in Iranian languages : symposium held in Copenhagen May 2002
Pashto : the complete course. IB
The Paikuli inscription : restoration and interpretation. 1, Restored text and translation
The Indo-European dialects
Iranian loanwords in Syriac
A grammar of Manichean Sogdian
A dictionary of first names
Old Avestan syntax and stylistics : with an edition of the texts
High variability phonetic training : Arabic and Persian speakers learning Finnish vowels /y/ and /ø
A sociolinguistic study of language shift in Mazandarani
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 3, 2, The Pashai language : texts and translations
Semantic spaces of Persian light verbs
Introduction to Avestan
Northern Talysh
Ancient and Middle Iranian studies : proceedings of the 6th European Conference of Iranian Studies, held in Vienna, 18-22 September 2007
The Iranian languages
Middle Iranian lexicography : proceedings of the conference held in Rome, 9-11 April 2001
The major languages of South Asia, the Middle East and Africa
Turkic-Iranian contact areas : historical and linguistic aspects
A Pali grammar for students
Papers included have been extensively revised, rewritten, and expanded; includes two papers not presented at the conference.
Iranians in Sweden : a study of language maintenance and shift
The fingers and their names in the Iranian languages : onomasiological studies on body-part terms, I
The vowel systems of five Iranian Balochi dialects
Pre-Proto-Iranians of Afghanistan as initiators of Śākta Tantrism : on the Scythian/Saka affiliation of the Dāsas, Nuristanis and Magadhans
Introduction to Pushtu : an official language of Afghanistan
A history of Persian literature. Vol. 17, The literature of pre-Islamic Iran : companion volume I
Discourse features in Balochi of Sistan : (oral narratives)
Studies in the language of the Iranian tribes in South Russia
Indo-Iranian frontier languages. Vol. 2, Iranian Pamir languages (Yidgha-Munji, Sanglechi-Ishkashmi and Wakhi)
The world's major languages
The Dardic and Nuristani languages
Comparative-historical linguistics : Indo-European and Finno-Ugric : papers in honor of Oswald Szemerényi III
