http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1584 pedagogy
pedagogy
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
Teaching approaches in music theory : an overview of pedagogical philosophies
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Learning with eTwinning
Initial teacher preparation for inclusive education in Ghana : status and challenges
The education of the child : and early lectures on education
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Development and facilitation of innovative pedagogy in the Nordic–Russian context : Project report
Using social media effectively in the classroom : blogs, wikis, Twitter, and more
Enhancing learning through the scholarship of teaching and learning : the challenges and joys of juggling
The future makers : professional teachers promoting pedagogical change
Starting from the heart
The theory and practice of teaching
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Commonsense schooling : based on the indications of Rudolf Steiner
Theater games for rehearsal : a director's handbook
Teaching in life sciences : current practices and development : reports from University pedagogy courses at Viikki Campus
The French educator Célestin Freinet (1896-1966) : an inquiry into how his ideas shaped education
The curriculum of the Rudolf Steiner school
The teacher as a source of educational support : exploring teacher-child interactions and teachers' pedagogical practices in Finnish preschool classrooms
Montessoripedagogy in China
Practical Piano Pedagofy : The Definite Text for Piano Teachers and Pedagogy Students
Abstract: Pedagogy of keyboard harmony and improvisation : music education students reflecting their experiences.
Pointillist, cyclical, and overlapping : multidimensional facets of time in online learning
Constructively aligned military education and training in the times of the European Bologna Process
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Stakeholders' conceptions of learning in learning management systems development
Web course design with topic-case driven methodology
Teaching singing in the 21st century
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
The school of the FuTure : theoretical and pedagogical approaches for creative and playful learning environments
Service-learning in design and planning : educating at the boundaries
The roots of education : five lectures given in Berne April 13th to 17th, 1924
Music 3-5
Group dynamics in flipped learning situations in higher education
An action-oriented critical pedagogical theory
Blooming young entrepreneurial and managerial talents in a cross-cultural educational context : TUAS - IB Degree Programme case study
Critical pedagogy and teacher education in the neoliberal era : small openings
Power and teacherhood : student teachers's perceptions of teachers' power and authority
"Movement activities can help toddlers channel their energy in creative and beneficial ways as they learn healthy habits. This physical education curriculum includes a variety of lesson plans and activities that support toddlers' movement in developmentally appropriate ways"--
Implementing Passion and risk-taking -pedagogy
The essential Montessori
Physical education in change : FIEP World Congress 2008  : abstracts : August 6-10, 2008, Sport Institute of Finland, Vierumäki
Open-space learning : a study in transdisciplinary pedagogy
Innovative techniques for large-group instruction : an NSTA Press journals collection
Beyond the grammar wars : a resource for teachers and students on developing language knowledge in the English/literacy classroom
"These guidelines were developed by the ODIHR Advisory Council of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief in co-operation with education experts. Aimed at both legislators and schools, they offer guidance on preparing curricula for teaching about religions and beliefs, preferred procedures for assuring fairness in the development of curricula, and standards for how they could be implemented."
Pedagogy, oppression and transformation in a 'post-critical' climate : the return to Freirean thinking
Lost subjects, contested objects : toward a psychoanalytic inquiry of learning
Open and Distance Learning is one mean to provide learning opportunities and to implement the idea of equal opportunities and the right to education. This publication focuses on the development of open and distance learning at Tribhuvan University in Nepal, in which there was a need to establish a new mode of learning for the population that is working. This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University.The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the capacity of Tribhuvan University to establish an open and distance learning system.
Spontaneous activity in education : complete & unabridged
An M+I+T++ research approach to network-based mobile education (NBME) and teaching-studying-learning processes : towards a global metamodel
Design pedagogy : developments in art and design education
A handbook for teaching and learning in higher education enhancing academic practice
Participation in and beyond liminalities:action research with unaccompanied asylum-seeking girls
Education for critical consciousness
Intercultural competence through drama : a teaching experiment
John Dewey on education : selected writings
In most Western developed countries, adult life is increasingly organized on the basis of short-term work contracts and reduced social security funds. In this context it seems that producing efficient job-seekers and employees becomes the main aim of educational programs for the next generation. Through case studies of young people from urban and countryside marginalized populations in Germany, USA and Brazil, this book investigates emerging educational practices and takes a critical stance towards what can be seen as neoliberal educational politics. It investigates how mediating devices such as CVs, school reports, school files, photos and narratives shape the ways in which those marginalized students reflect about their past as well as imagine their future. By building on process philosophy and time theory, post-structuralism, as well as on Vygotsky's psychological theory, the analysis differentiates between two discrete modes of human development: development of concrete skills (potential development) and development of new societal relations (virtual development, which is at the same time individual and collective). The book outlines an innovative relational account of learning and human development which can prove of particular importance for the education of marginalized students in today's globalized world.
Disability matters : pedagogy, media and affect
The havoc of capitalism : publics, pedagogies and environmental crisis
Student activity : a way to improve the conceptual understanding of physics in Lao PDR?
Interpreting national history : race, identity, and pedagogy in classrooms and communities
Education for human development : understanding Montessori
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
MApEC - Multimedia applications in education conference : proceedings 2006
Neoliberalism, pedagogy, and human development  : exploring time, mediation and collectivity in contemporary schools
Education and practice : upholding the integrity of teaching and learning
Equine Assisted Activities in Finland : The current situation from the point of view of the people working in the field
Language teaching tomorrow : the journal of higher education language teaching and learning
Redefining multicultural education : inclusion and the right to be different
Practical advice to teachers : fourteen lectures given at the foundation of the Waldorf School, Stuttgart, from 21 August to 5 September 1919
Critical pedagogy primer
Superteaching
Translation in language teaching and for professional purposes : [proceedings of a joint seminar organised by the Centre for Translation and Language Studies, University of Surrey, in association with the British Association for Applied Linguistics, and held at the University of Surrey, Guilford, 3-5 July 1986]. Volume 3, Translation in teaching and teaching translation
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
PBL in context : bridging work and education
Learning in the open, aesthetic alignment, and the pedagogy of simultaneity
Critical revolutionary pedagogy spiced by pedagogical love
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy?
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
At the heart of Montessori. 2, core principles in action
Creating an inclusive school
Musiikkikasvatus = Finnish journal of music education. 2006.. Nro 1-2 : Vol. 9
Being reflexive in critical educational and social research
International Journal of Social Pedagogy
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Toledo guiding principles on teaching about religions and beliefs in public schools
Education through work : a model for child-centered learning
Learning and teaching in an international context : research, theory and practice
Critical dispositions : evidence and expertise in education
The primary objective of the present paper is to discuss and analyse the use of humor in the context  of multicultural classroom. This primarily theoretical discussion also attempts to gain a more  comprehensive understanding of how humor can be employed in teaching and instruction thus  contributing to learning. Fundamentally, the intention is to determine dimensions of appropriate and  benevolent humor in terms of learning. The questions to be considered in this paper are as follows: 1)  what the humor is like in classroom, and 2) why humor used in classroom is regarded appropriate or  inappropriate. For this paper, humor in classroom is studied in the light of topic related literature.  Humor as a complex form of communication is discussed here by reviewing a number of academic  publications on the topic. Furthermore, the two pivotal concepts of humor and culture are discussed  briefly. This theoretical overview is also supplemented by a few student interviews from culturally  and linguistically diverse backgrounds. The present paper focuses mainly on the theoretical aspects  of classroom humor and humor as a pedagogical tool. Through this mainly theoretically oriented  study, our aim is to identify some of those features which could potentially contribute to the use of  appropriate humor as derived from the Instructional Humor Processing Theory (IHPT) and previous  research findings. In conclusion, this study offers some viewpoints on humorous features relevant to  promoting an inspiring learning experience.
International perspectives on the pedagogically innovative uses of technology
Vocal pedagogy and contemporary commercial music : reflections on higher education non-classical vocal pedagogy in the United States and Finland
Discussions on some educational issues. 9
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Practical social pedagogy : theories, values and tools for working with children and young people
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Where's the learning in service-learning? / Janet Eyler, Dwight E. Giles, Jr. ; foreword by Alexander W. Astin
Communication skills for working with children and young people : introducing social pedagogy
Montessori for the New Millennium : practical guidance on the teaching and education of children of all ages, based on a rediscovery of the true principles and vision of Maria Montessori
Teaching and learning in context : why pedagogical reforms fail in Sub-Saharan Africa
Paulo Freire's intellectual roots : toward historicity in praxis
Education landscapes in the 21st century : cross-cultural challenges and multi-disciplinary perspectives
Bringing the Montessori approach to your early years practice
Transforming practice : critical issues in equity, diversity and education
At the heart of Montessori. 4, the pre-school child (3-6 years)
Adults learning Finnish as a foreign language : role of support, emotions and reasons connected with learning
The advanced Montessori method. 1, Spontaneous activity in education
Educational Studies Collaboratively via Distance and Contact learning
Use of Humor in Multicultural Classroom
Handbook of educational drama and theatre
The Montessori method : scientific pedagogy as applied to child education in "The children's houses" with additions and revisions by the author
Changing world : changing pedagogy
Posthumanism and educational research
At the heart of Montessori. 5, the elementary school child (6-12 years)
Diffusion of an American Montessori education
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
At the heart of Montessori. 6, the adolescent (12+ years)
Discontinuity as theoretical foundation to pedagogy : existential phenomenology in Otto Friedrich Bollnow's philosophy of education
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
Images of imagination : an aesthetic approach to education
Informal in Formal : the Relationship of Informal and Formal Learning in Popular and Jazz Music Master Workshops in Conservatoires
Educational encounters : Nordic studies in early childhood didactics
Reflections on the Reggio Emilia approach : a collection of papers
Critical pedagogy, the state, and cultural struggle
The unconventional teacher and his peers : analyzing the educational ideologies of the teachers in Tohru Fujisawa's Great Teacher Onizuka manga
This book is a complete introduction for all educators who want to understand the techniques, theories and methods of teaching today. It explores the issues that underpin teaching, offering fresh insights with a broad multidisciplinary perspective. It will help teachers at all levels to understand the techniques that they can call upon at different times and situations, and will help to develop more effective teaching practice. This fully updated second edition contains new material on e-moderating and its implications for teaching theory, issues surrounding discipline, and the ethical dimensions of teaching. "The Theory and Practice of Teaching" will be of interest to anyone wanting to develop a deep understanding of the key themes and latest developments in teaching, and is an ideal companion volume to "The Theory and Practice of Learning."
The discovery of the child
Creating opportunities for interaction in the English classroom through drama
Lean Pedagogy : Using Lean Thinking to Improve Student Results and Optimiza Classroom Costs
Policy research in educational settings : contested terrain
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Global Education From a Teachers' Perspective
Toys as culture
"The second edition of the Critical Pedagogy Primer not only introduces the topic but also provides a vision for the future of the critical pedagogy. Kincheloe's notion of an "evolving criticality" makes sure that critical pedagogy will continue to be a vibrant and creative force that makes a powerful difference in education and in the world in general. As it prepares readers for the challenges of the future, it focuses on the traditions and individuals who have helped construct the discipline. This attention to the past and the future provides readers with an introduction unlike most initiations into academic disciplines. In a richly textured but direct manner, Kincheloe captures the spirit of critical pedagogy in a language accessible to diverse audiences. Both the uninitiated and those with experience in critical pedagogy can learn from this perspective on the field."--BOOK JACKET.
Balance in teaching : Stuttgart September 15-22, 1920 and October 15-16, 1923
Teaching geography : Rudolf Steiner education
International handbook of the religious, moral and spiritual dimensions in education / part 2
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
European journal of social education : a periodical of FESET = Journal européen d'education sociale : revue de FESET
Intensity of Interaction in instrumental music lessons
Exploring relationship between Pakistani teacher's pedagogical beliefs and ICT use for teaching and learning
Research methods for pedagogy
The Montessori approach to discipline
Rethinking pedagogy for digital age : designing and delivering e-learning
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Researching IT in education : theory, practice and future directions
Pedagogy and praxis in the age of empire : towards a new humanism
Learning theory and online technologies
Montessori : a modern approach
From brawn to brain : strong signals in foreign language education : proceedings of the ViKiPeda-2007 Conference in Helsinki, May 21-22, 2007
The pedagogical development of an international teacher in the cultural context of Finnish CLIL home economics
The field of special needs education is well established, and although it continues to develop in exciting and controversial ways, involving some of education's leading thinkers, many people feel it is lacking a coherent theoretical analysis of its own. Students and practitioners, looking for some solid theory to reinforce their own study or practice, commonly have to "borrow" from other disciplines, such as psychology and sociology, since there has been no attempt to provide a theoretical foundation for the special needs community. This book seeks to provide taht foundation and brings together contributions from key names in the field from the UK and beyond.
The Montessori method
"Focusing on the interdependence between human, animal, and machine, posthumanism redefines the meaning of the human being previously assumed in knowledge production. This movement challenges some of the most foundational concepts in educational theory and has implications within educational research, curriculum design and pedagogical interactions. In this volume, a group of international contributors use posthumanist theory to present new modes of institutional collaboration and pedagogical practice. They position posthumanism as a comprehensive theoretical project with connections to philosophy, animal studies, environmentalism, feminism, biology, queer theory and cognition. Researchers and scholars in curriculum studies and philosophy of education will benefit from the new research agendas presented by posthumanism"--
Adventure education : an introduction
The education of man
Critical pedagogy in uncertain times : hope and possibilities
Maria Montessori : her life and work
Teaching toward the 24th century : Star Trek as social curriculum
Introducing dialogic pedagogy : provocations for the early years
Early Interaction in Kiasma's Babies Play with Colour Workshops : A Survey on Parents' Perceptions
Service-learning in higher education : critical issues and directions
Learners and pedagogy
Theorising special education
Pedagogical design and pedagogical usability of web-based learning environments : comparative cultural implications from Africa and Europe
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Strengthening media literacy : know-how-talkoot as a pedagogic model
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
Critical education in the new information age
Congress on research in dance : 2009 conference proceedings : global perspectives on dance pedagogy: research and practice : special conference : 25-27 June 2009, The Centre for Excellence in Performance Arts, De Montfort University, Leicester, UK
The fat pedagogy reader : challenging weight-based oppression through critical education
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Revisiting the Chinese learner : Changing contexts, changing education
Beats, rhymes, and classroom life : hip-hop pedagogy and the politics of identity
Researching children researching the world : 5x5x5=creativity
Taking design thinking to school : how the technology of design can transform teachers, learners, and classrooms
Layered curriculum : the practical solution for teachers with more than one student in their classroom
Maria Montessori : the Italian doctor who revolutionized the education systems of the world
The essentials of education : five lectures deleiered during the Educational Conference at the Waldorf School, Stuttgart, April 8th to 12th, 1924
Knowledge and critical pedagogy : an introduction
Trying to teach in a season of great untruth : globalization, empire and the crises of pedagogy
Pedagogical love and good teacherhood
Authentic childhood : exploring Reggio Emilia in the classroom
Evolving pedagogy : greetings from Finland
Exploring play for early childhood studies
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Some actual problems of the pedagogical and general education in the north of Europe
Cultivating educational action research in Lao PDR : for a better future?
Military pedagogy in the future
Researching international pedagogies : sustainable practice for teaching and learning in higher education
The private voice studio handbook : a practical guide to all aspects of teaching
The way of a child
Open and distance learning : developing learning opportunities in the teacher education in Nepal
The challenges of educating people to lead in a challenging world
Rethinking citizenship education : a curriculum for participatory democracy
Sociology of education : emerging perspectives
The role of self-efficacy in instrumental jazz improvisation pedagogy : experiences of three piano teachers
This publication describes the basis from which the structures, strategies and teaching and learning processes of open and distance learning were created and implemented for the first time at Tribhuvan University in Nepal. JAMK University of Applied Sciences has collaborated with diverse organisations in Nepal for several years. The development collaboration that this publication focuses on concerns the Training of Trainers for the Teacher Qualification Upgrading Programme in Nepal (ToT Nepal) funded by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland, HEI ICI programme. The main goal of the programme was to strengthen the expertise of Tribhuvan University in order to establish an open and distance learning system, and thereby to provide more flexible studying possibilities to teachers who are already working. This publication provides viewpoints, concepts and some practices that have been discussed and worked on with the personnel of Tribhuvan University during the workshops. The concept of learning and pedagogy forms the foundation for the development of education. Therefore, the issue of learning shows as a cross-cutting theme in the articles. Furthermore, the context of the development of open and distance learning has a fundamental impact on the content of the development work. In the case of Nepal, the technology infrastructure is still rather weak and, therefore, starting from the basics reflects from the articles.The writers were the experts in the above-mentioned project from JAMK and Häme Universities of Applied Sciences. The writers of the articles cover their role and expertise areas in the project.
Rudolf Steiner on education : a compendium
At the heart of Montessori. 3, the infant toddler (0-3 years)
The advanced Montessori method
Mentoring the mentor : a critical dialogue with Paulo Freire
Towards Active and Working Life Orientated Learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Education on the Dalton Plan
Revolution or reconstruction  : considering change in Finnish piano pedagogy
Yliopistopedagogiikka = Journal of university pedagogy
Learning through collaborative gaming : a process-oriented pedagogy
From childhood to adolescence : including "Erdkinder" and the functions of the university
The present article will examine informal learning in popular and jazz music education in Finland  and evaluate it as a part of formal upper secondary vocational musicians' training, which is typically  teacher directed. It is not necessarily the best model of working in popular and jazz music learning,  which has traditionally benefitted from learning in informal playing situations. This article examines  workshops which were implemented as joint efforts with professional musicians. The adoption of  this model is proposed for realizing informal learning in the field. This kind of approach is quite  new in music education, and the research on the theme is still scarce. The findings of present  research show that in workshops there appears multi-level learning which develops musicianship.  Music schools and institutions should recognize the potential of informal learning, and the teachers  should develop learning environments which can benefit from it. The choice of music to be played,  learning from playing experiences, and the evaluation of learning outcomes are to a great extent  within students' responsibilities. Carrying them out requires responsible and initiative action,  problem-solving skills, communication skills, and readiness to reflect experiences.
Education for the world of to-morrow
The advanced Montessori method. 2, The Montessori elementary material
Self management and occupational well-being
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Instrumental teaching : a practical guide to better teaching and learning
At the heart of Montessori. 1, core principles
Concentrated study : a pedagogic innovation observed
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
La voix du traducteur a l'école = The translator's voice at school. 2, Praxis
Measurement in military pedagogy
Teaching at its best : a research-based resource for college instructors
In Finland, the Pedagogical Studies for Vocational Teachers include 10 credits of studies in education. Half of our  students complete them in connection with the pedagogical studies for teachers. The training consisting of distance  education has been traditionally bought from the University. Some of the students have felt that studying education  according to the university requirements has been hard for them. They would like a more practical approach to  educational studies. Our students also come from a large area in northern Finland. Therefore, an opportunity for  distance education is important for them. Tutoring has an important role in this implementation. To respond to these  challenges, we have designed a more practical implementation of the educational studies, in which the students only  have two face-to-face days. The new implementation was piloted in the autumn term 2012. The pilot succeeded very  well. Students liked to study and learnt a lot about the different areas of education. The study was continued in the  Spring 2014. Students of Education (19 )made the same pre and post-surveys like in the Pilot. Research results were  quite similar than in Pilot study.
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Toddlers moving & learning
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
From memories of the past to anticipations of the future : pre-service elementary teachers' mathematical identity work
Alternative educational futures : pedagogies for emergent worlds
Learning to participate:participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
Educating through art : the Steiner school approach
Making dance special : developing dance in the curriculum with pupils with special educational needs
Awerness Perception Presence: Inquiring into Forming a Body of Work
