http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15875 lectures
lectures
Assess your own teaching quality
Outlines of aesthetics, dictated portions of lectures
53 interesting things to do in your lectures
Licences and liberty : the future of public service broadcasting
Teaching engineering
Lecturer rating system
On liturgical theology : the Hale Memorial Lectures of Seabury-Western Theological Seminary, 1981
Abstract.
"This ground-breaking work, originally published 15 years ago, continues to serve as the primary reference on the theories of omission potential and translational contact in sign language interpreting. In the book, noted scholar Jemina Napier explores the linguistic coping strategies of interpreters by drawing on her own study of the interpretation of a university lecture from English into Australian Sign Language (Auslan). A new preface by the author provides perspective on the importance of the work and how it fits within the scholarship of interpretation studies. The concept of strategic omissions is explored here as a tool that is consciously used by interpreters as a coping strategy. Instead of being a mistake, omitting part of the source language can actually be part of an active decision-making process that allows the interpreter to convey the correct meaning when faced with challenges. For the first time, Napier found that omission potential existed within every interpretation and, furthermore, she proposed a new taxonomy of five different conscious and unconscious omission types. Her findings also indicate that Auslan/English interpreters use both a free and literal interpretation approach, but that those who use a free approach occasionally switch to a literal approach as a linguistic coping strategy to provide access to English terminology. Both coping strategies help negotiate the demands of interpretation, whether it be lack of subject-matter expertise, dealing with dense material, or the context of the situation. Napier also analyzes the interpreters’ reflections on their decision-making processes as well as the university students’ perceptions and preferences of their interpreters’ linguistic choices and styles. Linguistic Coping Strategies in Sign Language Interpreting is a foundational text in interpretation studies that can be applied to interpreting in different contexts and to interpreter training."
A moving target
Effective teaching in higher education
The academic presentation : situated talk in action
Word choice and narration : artistic language use in academic lectures
Lectures on ethics
The language of business studies lectures : a corpus-assisted analysis
Elizabeth Costello : eight lessons
Cognitive archaeology from theory to practice : the early cycladic sanctuary at Keros
The theory & practice of teaching
Resonate : present visual stories that transform audiences
Linguistic coping strategies in sign language interpreting
A handbook for teaching & learning in higher education : enhancing academic practice
Man and value
Creativity and democracy in education : practices and politics of learning through the arts
Implementing a lecture feedback system using semi-ad-hoc wireless networks
Short studies on great subjects : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Professor Borges : a course on English literature
Personality : lectures delivered in America
Nils Westermarckin arkisto 1934-1989
Hints on the study of the Bhagavadgita
The art and science of lecture demonstration
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Communicating in the health sciences
Thiagi's interactive lectures : power up your training with interactive games and exercises
Hölderlin's hymn "The Ister"
Lectures in English as a lingua franca : interactional features
The lecture methods
Nobel lectures : from the Literature Laureates, 1986 to 2006.
Shakespeare, the theatrical dimension
Prof. S. Bugge's studies on Northern mythology
Ralph Waldo Emerson in Europe : class, race, and revolution in the making of an American thinker
The essence of good teaching
The art of lecturing : a practical guide to successful university lectures and business presentations
The Swedish imperial experience, 1560-1718
Innovative techniques for large-group instruction : an NSTA Press journals collection
Handbook for teachers : course structures, teaching methods and assessment
"Written for the thoughtful professional, The Skillful Teacher Is a hands-on survival manual for restoring confidence, effectiveness, and vigor to the critical practice of teaching."--BOOK JACKET.
The craft of scientific presentations : critical steps to succeed and critical errors to avoid
2000 tips for lecturers
An introduction to yoga
The world of perception
The Rights and wrongs of women
In this second edition of the book that has become a classic in the field, award winning author Stephen D. Brookfield offers inspiration and down to earth advice to new and seasoned teachers. "The Skillful Teacher" is a comprehensive guide that shows how to thrive on the unpredictability and diversity of classroom life and includes insights developed from the hundreds of workshops conducted by the author. This new edition also reflects the many changes that have come about in the decade since the book was first published and includes new chapters that deal with emerging topics such as classroom diversity and teaching in online learning environments.
What's the use of lectures
Foundations of ethics : the Gifford lectures delivered in the university of Aberdeen, 1935-6
Unboxed : engagements in social space
The singer as interpreter : Claire Croiza's master classes
Discourse structuring and text analysis of three varieties of English
Lectures & conversations on aesthetics, psychology and religious belief
Remembering the future
Principles and practice of nurse education
Economic aspects of the Vikings in the West - the archaeological basis : the Félix Neubergh lecture
Brilliant presentations : what the best presenters know, do and say
Giving a lecture : from presenting to teaching
Social research methods
Six memos for the next millenium
"Communicating in the Health Sciences, third edition is an accessible and engaging introduction to communication within the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It explores the nature of communication and the communication issues facing students and professionals in the health sciences. It addresses a number of important skills, such as interpersonal communication; preparation for effective study; writing records, referrals and academic pieces; intercultural communication; and leading groups. This third edition follows a new five part structure: Understanding Communication, Learning to Communicate, Communicating in the Workplace, Communicating in Teams and Doing Advanced Communication. It also includes a new chapter on 'Digital Communication in a Networked World' and key term definitions in the margins."--Publisher's website.
The struggle to establish more democratic education pedagogies has a long history in the politics of mainstream education. This book argues for the significance of the creative arts in the establishment of social justice in education, using examples drawn from a selection of contemporary case studies including Japanese applied drama, Palestinian teacher education and Room 13 children's contemporary art. Jeff Adams and Allan Owens use their research in practice to explore creativity conceptually, historically and metaphorically within a variety of UK and international contexts, which are analysed using political and social theories of democratic and relational education. Each chapter discusses the relationship between models of democratic creativity and the cultural conditions in which they are practised, with a focus on new critical pedagogies that have developed in response to neoliberalism and marketization in education. The book is structured throughout by the theories, practices and the ideals that were once considered to be foundational for education: democratic citizenship and a just society.
English for presentations : Multi-ROM
Inside-out wellness : the wisdom of mind/body healing
The unanswered question : six talks at Harvard
The skillful teacher : on technique, trust, and responsiveness in the classroom
Lecturing and explaining
Hazar bishah = Hezarbisheh: majmuah'i az maqalat, sukhanrani'ha, naqd'ha va musahabah'ha-yi Mahshid Amir Shahi = views, reviews, interviews of Mashid Amir-Shahy
Declaring his genius : Oscar Wilde in North America
Foundations of ethics : the Gifford lectures delivered in the University of Aberdeen, 1936-6
Aspects of the novel
J. J. Tikkanen and the teaching of art history
Philosophical lectures by Samuel Williams, LL. D., on the constitution, duty and religion of man
Lecturing : case studies, experience and practice
Sign language interpreting : linguistic coping strategies
The meaning of it all
What to listen for in music
Foundations of ethics : the Gifford lectures delivered in the University of Aberdeen, 1935-6
A Blended Learning Solution and the Impacts on Attendance and Learning Outcomes
A Professional legacy : the Eleanor Clarke Slagle lectures in occupational therapy, 1955-2010
Abnormal : lectures at The Collège de France, 1974-1975
Applying the science of learning to university teaching and beyond
Televised instruction : a series of lectures from Wayne-RCA invitational conference on televised instruction, June 19-22, 1961.
Selected papers in aesthetics
