http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15886 biogeography
biogeography
Phylogenetics : the theory and practice of phylogenetic systematics
Dynamic biogeography
Phylogeography and population genetics of social parasitism in Myrmica ants
Species diversity and phylogenetic systematics of American knifefishes (Gymnotiformes, Teleostei)
The ecology of Sulawesi
Systematic and regional biogeography
Taxonomic treatment of the fern genus Lindsaea Dryand. ex Sm. in Ecuador
Ecological niches and geographic distributions
Plant-water relationships in arid and semi-arid conditions : reviews of research
Pacific Basin biogeography : a symposium
Biodiversity and biogeography of the Kuril Islands and Sakhalin. Volume 3
An introduction to applied biogeography
The Jacques Cousteau : The movie box. 2, World Without the Sun : Elävä meri
Phylogeny, evolution and biogeography of the mysid genus Pseudomma (Crustacea, Peracarida, Mysidacea), including a phylogenetic analysis of the order Mysidacea
The Alfred Russel Wallace reader : a selection of writings from the field
Principles of biogeography
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Curculionoidea (Coleoptera: Polyphaga) : proceedings of a symposium (28 August, 1996, Florence, Italy), XX International Congress of Entomology
Taxonomy and biogeography of Macquarie Island seaweeds
Biodiversity and biogeography of the Kuril Islands and Sakhalin. Volume 1
Primate biogeography : progress and prospects
Tropical rainforests : past, present & future
Relics : travels in nature's time machine
Variasjon i krav til vernalisering og daglengde for blomstring samt populasjonsgenetisk struktur i norske populasjoner av Arabidopsis thaliana.
Molecular systematics and zoogeography of the "glacial relict" element
Biodiversity and biogeography of the Kuril Islands and Sakhalin. Volume 2
Fundamentals of biogeography
Biogeography and ecology of Turkmenistan
Benthic macroinvertebrate and bryophyte assemblages in boreal springs : diversity, spatial patterns and conservation
Estonian wetlands and their life
Biogeography : a study of plants in the ecosphere
Predictive species and habitat modeling in landscape ecology : concepts and applications
Biogeography
The sage handbook of biogeography
Owls of the world
Developments in strategic landscape monitoring for the Nordic countries
Island life : or, the phenomena and causes of insular faunas and floras, including a revision and attempted solution of the problem of geological climates
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and Earth
The faunal connections between Europe and North America
Proceedings of the Smithsonian Marine Science Symposium
Biodiversity profile of the middhills physiographic zone
The geographic mosaic of coevolving plant-herbivore interactions : genetic variation, local adaptation and plant secondary chemistry
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
A tropical rainforest : the nature of biodiversity in Borneo at Belalong, Brunei
Journal of biogeography
Systematics and biogeography : cladistics and vicariance
Evolutionary biogeography : an integrative approach with case studies
The encyclopaedic dictionary of physical geography
African biogeography, climate change, & human evolution
A critical appraisal of ecosystem theory using case studies of plant and animal invasions in Australasia.
Elytra : new series
World trade and biological exchanges before 1492
Description of the ecoregions of the United States
Invasion biology and ecological theory : insights from a continent in transformation
Vernalization and photoperiodic regulation of flowering time and population genetic structure of Norwegian populations of Arabidopsis thaliana
Species diversity in space and time
"Of the 7,000 estimated non-native species present in North America, approximately 1,000 are invasive. Clearly, invasive species are in the minority, but their small numbers don't keep them from causing billions of dollars in economic and ecological harm each year. Policymakers and ecologists continue to try to figure out which species might be harmful, which invasive species are doing the most damage, and which of these might respond best to eradication efforts. Invasive species reports and case studies are prevalent in political, environmental, and scientific news cycles, and a significant portion of the public is concerned about the issue. In this book, Simberloff will first cover basic topics such as how non-native species are introduced, which areas have incurred the most biological invasions, and how the rates of biological invasions have shifted in recent years. He then moves on to the direct and indirect impacts of the impacts of invasive species on various ecosystems, such as habitat and resource competition, how invasive species transmit pathogens, and how introduced plants and animals can modify a habitat to favor other non-native species. Simberloff's final chapters will discuss the evolution of invasive species, the policies we currently have in place to manage them, and future prospects for controlling their spread. The book will also contain a section dedicated to the more controversial topics surrounding invasive species: invasive natives, useful non-native species, animal rights versus species rights, and non-native species' impacts on the biodiversity of an ecosystem"--
Biological invasions in Europe and the Mediterranean Basin
Biogeography and ecology of Bulgaria
The great American biotic interchange
Statistical inference from band recovery data : a handbook
Biodiversity profile of the Terai and Siwalik physiograhic zones
Notes from Wallace's Malay expedition.
Vicariance biogeography : a critique : symposium of the Systematic Discussion Group of the American Museum of Natural History, May 2-4, 1979
Small mammals of Uganda
Evolutionary ecology of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) : intra- and interspecific interactions in circumpolar populations
Late Quaternary vertebrate faunas of the Lesser Antilles : historical components of Caribbean biogeography
Global ecology and biogeography
The Smithsonian Marine Science Symposium was held on 15-16 November 2007 in Washington, D.C. It represented the first major dissemination of marine research results since the establishment of the Smithsonian Marine Science Network (MSN). The 39 papers in this volume represent a wide range of marine research studies that demonstrate the breadth and diversity of science initiatives supported by the MSN. The first section contains an overview of the MSN along with papers describing the multidisciplinary investigations spanning more than 37 years for the four Smithsonian marine facilities that constitute the Network: the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center at the Chesapeake Bay, Maryland; the National Museum of Natural History's Smithsonian Marine Station at Fort Pierce, Florida; the Caribbean Coral Reef Ecosystems Program, with its Carrie Bow Marine Field Station in Belize; and the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama. Subsequent papers represent findings by Smithsonian scholars and their collaborators on overarching topics of marine biodiversity, evolution, and speciation; biogeography, invasive species, and marine conservation; and forces of ecological change in marine systems.
West Indian mammals from the Albert Schwartz Collection : biological and historical information
Foundations of systematics and biogeography
XIV Pacific Science Congress, Khabarovsk, USSR, August, 1979 : Abstracts. Section F2, Marine biology
Biogeography of microscopic organisms : is everything small everywhere?
Panbiogeography : tracking the history of life
Biogeography : space, time and life
Wing variation of Maculinea arion (Linnaeus) in Finland (Lepidoptera, Lycaenidae)
The structure and dynamics of geographic ranges
Amphibians of La Escalera Region, southeastern Venezuela : taxonomy, ecology, and biogeography
Biogeographical evolution of the Malay Archipelago
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The evolution of plants
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Paleobiogeography : [using fossils to study global change, plate tectonics, and evolution]
The distributional history of the biota of the Southern Appalachians. Part 2, flora
Introduction to biogeography
Geographical population analysis : tools for the analysis of biodiversity
The song of the dodo : island biogeography in an age of extinctions
Seasonally dry tropical forests : ecology and conservation
Phylogeography of southern European refugia : evolutionary perspectives on the origins and conservation of European biodiversity
Spatial variation of benthic macroinvertebrate biodiversity in boreal streams : biogeographic context and conservation implications
On the organic law of change : a facsimile edition and annotated transcription of Alfred Russel Wallace's Species notebook of 1855-1859
The theory of island biogeography
Natural systems : the organisation of life
Systematics and biogeography of Cephalopods. Volume 1
Island life : the phenomena and causes of insular faunas and floras including a revision and attempted solution of the problem of geological climates
Insects and the rain forests of South East Asia (Wallacea)
The Galápagos : a natural history
Zoogeography of fresh waters. Vol. 3, Distribution and dispersal of freshwater animals in Africa, Pacific areas and South America
The encyclopedia of Malaysia. Plants
Biogeography : an ecological and evolutionary approach
Phylogeography : the history and formation of species
Distribution ecology : from individual habitat use to species biogeographical range
"Biologists searching for a resource that explores all of the exciting changes that have occurred recently in the field will turn to this eighth edition. It offers insight into the multidisciplinary nature of the field, presenting a sound historical base, up-to-date coverage, and a look at the latest controversies. The authors evaluate conflicting theories and provide a reasoned judgment as to which is preferable. In a new chapter the authors examine marine biogeography, so that biologists can compare and analyze the data, patterns and problems arising from continental, marine and island biogeography"-- Provided by publisher.
Developments in woodpecker biology
Tropical rain forests : an ecological and biogeographical comparison
A reexamination of the phylogenetic relationships of the sand darters (Teleostei: Percidae)
The Cayman Islands : natural history and biogeography
The recent climatic fluctuation in Finland and its consequences : a symposium
Where do camels belong? In the Arab world may seem the obvious answer, but they are relative newcomers there. They evolved in North America, retain their greatest diversity in South America, and the only remaining wild dromedaries are in Australia. This instructive and controversial book delivers unexpected answers.
Species invasions : insights into ecology, evolution, and biogeography
A revision of the dwarf Zonosaurus Boulenger (Reptilia: Squamata: Cordylidae) from Madagascar, including descriptions of three new species
Geography of the Palaearctic Papilionoidea (Lepidoptera)
Basic biogeography
"This book studies the ecology of invasive species, examining the effects that such invasions have on various types of ecosystems"--
Evolutionary history of the butterfly subfamily Satyrinae (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae)
Invasive species : what everyone needs to know
Evolution : process and product
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
Systematics and biogeography of Cephalopods. Volume 2
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Faunal regions and the diversity of Lepidoptera
Zoogeography of fresh waters. Vol. 2, Distribution and dispersal of freshwater animals in North America and Eurasia
Analytical biogeography : an integrated approach to the study of animal and plant distributions
Biodiversity profile of the high mountains and high himal psysiographic zones
Paleogeography of the Caribbean region : implications for Cenozoic biogeography
The old wasp and the tree : fossils, phylogeny and biogeography in the Orussidae (Insecta, Hymenoptera)
Ecology and biogeography of Pinus
Systematics and biogeography of Aralia L. (Araliaceae) : revision of Aralia Sects. Aralia, Humiles, Nanae, and Sciadodendron
The Jacques Cousteau : The movie box. 3, Voyage to the Edge of the World = Matka maailman ääriin
XIV Pacific Science Congress, Khabarovsk, USSR, August, 1979 : Abstracts. Section F2, F2a, Marine biology, Biology of shelf
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 26, Deep water Pyramidelloidea of the Tropical South Pacific : Turbonilla and related genera
Distribution of carabid beetles in Fennoscandian archipelagoes : an island-mainland comparison
Arctic life of birds and mammals : including man
Introduction to zoogeography
Geographical ecology : patterns in the distribution of species
R-mode analysis of taiga bird distributions: comparison between qualitative and quantitative data
High altitude tropical biogeography
Ground beetle dynamics in intensively managed agricultural landscapes
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
Hawaiian biogeography : evolution on a hot spot archipelago
Where worlds collide : the Wallace Line
Areography : geographical strategies of species
Gerald & Lee Durrell in Russia
Biological resources and migration
The ecology and biogeography of Nothofagus forests
