http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15895 Persian language
Persian language
The new unabridged English-Persian dictionary. Vol. 3, J-O
Dictionary English-Persian, Persian-English
The English-Persian collegiate dictionary. Vol. 2, M-Z
Āmūziš-i zabān-i fārsī = Persian language teaching. Kitāb-i 4, Daura-yi pīšrafta = Advanced course
A sociolinguistic study of Persian in Teheran
Farsi : the complete course I. Part B
Mohammed Āsafī, the story of Jamāl and Jalāl : an illuminated manuscript in the library of Uppsala university
A manual of Pahlavi. 1, Texts, Alphabets, Index, Paradigms, Notes and Introduction
The concise English-Persian dictionary
English-Persian dictionary
The combined new Persian-English and English-Persian dictionary = Farhang nawīn paiwast-i fārisī-inglīsī wa inglīsī-fārisī
Farhang moaser English-Persian dictionary : Persian-English
The Persian language
Fārsī barā-yi ingilīsī zabānān = Persian for English speaking people
Amuzeshe zabane farsi : Persian language teaching. 1
Ha-Torah be-Farsit-Yehudit = A Judeo-Persian Pentateuch : the text of the oldest Judeo-Persian Pentateuch translation British Museum Ms. OR. 5446
The Aryanpur progressive English-Persian, Perian-English dictionary : one volume, companion
The shorter English-Persian dictionary
Āmūziš-i zabān-i fārsī = Persian language teaching. Kitāb-i 1, Daura-yi muqaddimātī = Elementary course
Oxford elementary learner's dictionary : English/Persian
The Approved General Terms. 2
A Thematic Dictionary of Modern Persian
The modern Persian language
An introduction to Persian
Persian grammar : for reference and revision
Farhang-i du sūyah-i hamrāh-i pīshraw-i Āryānpūr (Fārsī - Ingilīsī, Ingilīsī - Fārsī) = The Aryanpur progressive English-Persian, Persian-English dictionary : one volume, companion
Farsi : the complete course I. Part A
Telecommunications : the approved terms. 1
The new unabridged English-Persian dictionary. Vol. 5, S-Z
The one-volume Persian-English dictionary
Modern Persian conversation-grammar
Teach yourself modern Persian
A concise dictionary English-Persian : together with a simplified grammar
The Approved General Terms. 1
A manual of Pahlavi. 2, Ideograms, glossary, abbreviations, index, grammatical survey, corrigenda to part 1
Milet picture dictionary : English-Farsi
A practical dictionary of the persian language
The new unabridged English-Persian dictionary. Vol. 1, A-C
Colloquial Persian : the complete course for beginners
Farsi : the complete course. 1B
The shorter Persian-English dictionary
A manual of classical Persian prosody : with chapters on Urdu, Karakhanidic and Ottoman prosody
The new unabridged English-Persian dictionary. Vol. 4, P-R
A Tajik Persian reference grammar
The Gabri dialect : spoken by the Zoroastrians of Persia
The English-Persian collegiate dictionary : in two volumes : a new dictionary containing over 200,000 words, meanings and definitions = Farhang-e daneshgahi-je englisi-farsi. Vol. 2, M-Z
Farsi : the complete course. 1A
Persian-English English-Persian learner's dictionary : a dictionary for English speakers studying Persian (Farsi / Dari)
Milet picture dictionary : English - Farsi
Farhang-i yak jildi-i pishraw-i Aryan'pur = The Aryanpur progressive English-Persian dictionary, one volume, concise : ingilisi-farsi
Farsi on the go!
The new unabridged English-Persian dictionary. Vol. 2, D-I
Elementary Persian grammar
Phonotactics of Persian
A dictionary of the Persian and English languages, designed for the use of military and civil officers and schools
A message from the East : a translation of Iqbāl's Payām-i Mashriq into English verse
Persian-English dictionary
Modality, aspect and negation in Persian
Early Persian lexicography : farhangs of the eleventh to the fifteenth centuries
Modern Persian texts
The concise Persian-English dictionary
Farhang moaser : English-Persian dictionary = Farhang-i muʻāṣir Inglīsī-Fārisī
Mango Languages teaches in-depth and comprehensive language and grammar skills.
The English-Persian pocket dictionary
English-Farsi, Farsi-English dictionary
Key to modern Persian conversation grammar
Farhang Moaser school dictionary English-Persian = [Farhang-i Mu'asir-i  madrasah]
The Behistan inscription of king Darius : translation and critical notes to the Persian text with special reference to recent re-examinations of the rock
A concise dictionary of the Persian language
My talking dictionary & interactive cd rom : Farsi & English
Persian grammar : history and state of its study
An English-Persian dictionary
Outline of a Persian-English dictionary
Farhang-i hamrāh-i pīshraw-i Āryānpūr (Fārsī - Ingilīsī)  = The Aryanpur progressive Persian-English dictionary : one volume, companion
A comprehensive Persian-English dictionary : including the Arabic words and phrases to be met with in Persian literature : being Johnson and Richardson's Persian, Arabic, and English dictionary
Farhang-i jami-i pishraw-i Aryanpur Farsi - Inglisi = The Aryanpur progressive Persian-English dictionary : one volume, concise
Complete modern Persian (Farsi)
Persian proverbs
The English-Persian collegiate dictionary : in two volumes : a new dictionary containing over 200,000 words, meanings and definitions = Farhang-e daneshgahi-je englisi-farsi. Vol. 1, A-L
A manual of Pahlavi. 2 , Glossary
The English-Persian collegiate dictionary. Vol. 1, A-L
