http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15843 dental hygiene
dental hygiene
[Ylioppilaiden terveydenhoitosäätiön julkaisuja]
Fluoride mouthrinses and dental caries : a cross-sectional study on Finnish children
Oral mucosal lesions and oral hygiene habits in the home-living elderly
Trends in toothbrushing frequency among Finnish adolescents between 1977 and 1995.
Tooth cleaning methods and their effectiveness among adults in rural Tanzania
Summary: Student health survey 2000 : a national survey among Finnish university students.
Health behaviour of a young family's father : a study of health behaviour of a young family's father, his transition to fatherhood and his role as a health educator conducted at maternity health care clinics and well-baby clinics : the Finnish family competence study
Improving the oral health status of older people by using clinical interventions and oral health promotion and disease prevention programs : a review study
Oral health among young adults and the middle-aged in Iran
For the good of the horse
The boy who hated toothbrushes
Preadolescents and their mothers as oral health-promoting actors : non-biologic determinants of oral health among Turkish and Finnish preadolescents
A salutogenic perspective to oral health : sense of coherence as a determinant of oral and general health behaviours, and oral health-related quality of life
Oral self-care among Finnish adults with diabetes mellitus : a focus on periodontal diseases
Clinical practice of the dental hygienist
Patient assessment tutorials : a step-by-step guide for the dental hygienist
Community-wide oral health promotion in the Pitkäranta District of Russian Karelia : a case study
Evaluation of a school oral health education programme in Tanzania : an ecological perspective
Equine dentistry manual III
Objective      This study aimed to monitor mineralization changes in initial caries lesions on newly erupted second molars using laser fluorescence (LF) scanning after a 1-month targeted tooth brushing intervention.      Methods      Altogether, 124 13- to 14-year-old school children were invited to participate. Of those who fulfilled the clinical criteria (at least one initial lesion with LF value >10 in second molars), 51 gave their written consent to participate. Laser fluorescence values were registered at baseline and after 1-month follow-up period. All participants were individually taught targeted tooth brushing of their second molars and randomly provided tooth paste with 0 or 1500 ppm fluoride. Brushing frequency was investigated at baseline and after the follow-up. Change in LF values was compared considering the tooth, content of fluoride in the paste and brushing frequency.      Results      In lesions with LF values ≤30 at baseline, change in LF values demonstrated improvement. Improvement was detected especially in upper molars. In lesions with LF values >30 at baseline, improvement was least detected. Brushing frequency increased slightly during the intervention.      Conclusions      Laser fluorescence is a simple method and useful in monitoring remineralization of incipient lesions even in weeks. Targeted tooth brushing seems to induce remineralization even in weeks. Laser fluorescence could be a valuable motivating tool in promoting patients' self-care.
Periodontal and dental health and oral self-care among adults with diabetes mellitus
Smoking and oral health : a population survey in Finland
Oral pathology : clinical pathologic correlations
Assessment of the effect of an oscillating/rotating electric toothbrush on oral health : a 12-month longitudinal study
An economic evaluation of two caries preventive methods
Oral health status in a Finnish village
Schoolchildren's oral health counselling within the organisational context of public oral health care : applying and developing theoretical and empirical perspectives
Dental fear among adults in Finland
Oral hygiene habits of 11-year-old schoolchildren in 22 European countries and Canada in 1993/1994
Risk factors of gingival injuries in plaque removal by toothbrushing
Dental health habits in early childhood : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
Oral hygiene and root caries occurrence in Slovenian adults
English summaries.
It's not catching tooth decay
Promotion of self care in oral health : a symposium held in Oslo, Norway, September 10th to 12th, 1986
Mosby's comprehensive review of dental hygiene
Effect of monthly prophylaxes on oral health of the frail elderly : a three year follow-up study : a pilot study
The ability to accurately assess patients is vital to the practice of Dental Hygiene--a complete and accurate assessment is the starting point to providing thorough patient care. Patient Assessment Tutorials takes you through the process of patient assessment, and provides you with information on both the actual physical assessment as well as effective patient communication. The highly visual, step-by-step style teaches you vital assessment processes quickly and thoroughly. Excellent features include detailed, full-color illustrations and photographs to visually guide you through procedures and techniques, case studies and personal accounts that bring the content to life, and more.
The principles and practice of endodontics
Oral health in the Finnish adult population : Health 2000 Survey
Diagnose oral diseases quickly and accurately! Oral Pathology: Clinical Pathologic Correlations, 7th Edition presents diseases and conditions by appearance and presentation, so that you can easily identify and plan treatment for common oral and paraoral problems. An atlas-style overview of pathologic conditions opens the book, and then each chapter describes pathologies in detail - depicting each with full-color clinical photos and photomicrographs. In addition to covering the latest advances in oral pathology, this edition includes new radiographic images demonstrating advanced imaging techniques. Expert educators Joseph Regezi, James Sciubba, and Richard Jordan provide a quick reference that's ideal for the lab, NBDE review, or chairside use!
Prosthetic rehabilitation of missing teeth and oral health in the elderly
Aspects and determinants of children's dental fear
Fashions in makeup from ancient to modern times
What's in your mouth? : your guide to a lifelong smile
Third-molar-related problems in Finnish conscripts : clinical status, microbiology and current treatment practice
Laser fluorescence in monitoring the influence of targeted tooth brushing on remineralization of initial caries lesions on newly erupted molar teeth : RCT
"The Fearful Dental Patient: A Guide to Understanding and Managing helps the dental professional understand the basics of fears and phobias, how to identify dental phobia, and how to overcome it in cooperation with the patient. Dr. Weiner and his colleagues are all practicing dentists and provide proven diagnosis and treatment options. Chapters address basic concepts about patient fear, behavioral modalities to identify dental anxiety, modalities to manage dental fears, pharmacological and sedation techniques, and hypnosis. Chapters also discuss treating specific types of patients: those with psychiatric comorbidities, children, seniors, and special needs patients. The entire dental team will benefit from the practical presentation and proven methods to better understand and treat fearful patients"--Provided by publisher.
Plaque formation and gingivitis after mouthrinsing with 0.2% delmopinol hydrochloride, 0.2% chlorhexidine digluconate and placebo for 4 weeks, following an initial professional tooth cleaning
Dental hygiene theory and practice
Experience is the best teacher : manual of dental hygiene
Dental Caries Prevalence in the Rapakivi Granite and Olivine Diabase Areas of Laitila, Finland : academic dissertation
The fearful dental patient : a guide to understanding and managing
Oral infections in home-living elderly patients admitted to an acute geriatric ward
Dental health habits in early childhood
Oral health among Iranian preadolescents : a school-based health education intervention
Dental health in primary teeth after prevention of mother-child transmission of mutans streptococci : a historical cohort study on restorative visits and maternal prevention costs
Oral health behaviour, conditions and care among dentate elderly patients in Lithuania : preventive aspects
Understanding periodontal diseases
Oral and dental hygiene : a guide for immigrants in Finland
Oral self-care among Finnish adolescents : self-reporting and self-assessment of gingival health and its determinants
Dental health education : for dental health educators in school and community dental health programmes with special consideration for the education of individuals during dental treatment
Disease prevention and oral health promotion : socio-dental sciences in action
Summary.
Launching product on North American markets : case XYLIFLOSS Pocket Flosser
Maisy, Charley and the wobbly tooth
Oral hygiene methods : the scientific way : synopses of clinical studies
Natural immunity in dental caries : longitudinal studies of serum and salivary antibodies reactive with Streptococcus mutans in young children in relation to dental caries and some maternal factors
Dentists' decisions on caries risk and preventive treatment by dental state among 15-year-old adolescents
Toothbrushing frequency between the ages of 12 and 18 years : longitudinal prospective studies of Finnish adolescents
Oral health in a non-institutionalized disabled school population
Psychological features characterizing oral health behavior, diabetes self-care and health status among IDDM patients
Early childhood oral health
Xylitol chewing gum in caries prevention : a longitudinal study on Finnish school children
Dentist's desk reference : materials, instruments and equipment
Self-assessed bleeding and plaque as methods for improving gingival health in adolescents
Dental fear - hammashoitopelko
Dental health and school-based health education among 15-year-olds in Tehran, Iran
Defining business opportunities for Finnish dental equipment in Guangdong province
Need of orthodontic treatment and prevalence of craniomandibular dysfunction in Finnish children
Dental fear : psychophysiology, cognition and behavior
The purpose of this study was to increase the understanding of the dental equipment market in China and define potential business opportunities in the Guangdong province especially for Finnish investors. The research question was: how to define the potential business opportunity for investors of Finnish dental equipment in the Guangdong province. The objective of this study was to research who the potential customers for Finnish dental equipment are and what the potential customers' requirements and preferences are in Guangdong province. The underlying aim of the study was to provide useful information on the dental equipment market in the Guangdong province to Finnish investors, so that they could consider which segment should be targeted and whether or not to enter the specific market in the future. The conceptual framework for this study was based on the theories of the market environment, market segmentation and marketing mix by authors such as Kotler, Daniels and Jobber. Initially, the study was focused on exploring the current Chinese dental market by investigating the market environment and competition within the industry. Afterwards, business opportunities in the Guangdong province were defined by market segmentation and the marketing mix; moreover customers' requirements and preferences were studied. The deductive approach was used to carry out primary research. Quantitative research was conducted in this study to analyze the question of how to define business opportunity in Guangdong province by using a questionnaire. In addition, secondary research was used to observe the development of the current Chinese dental market. The secondary research revealed that oral diseases are still high in China, and with the improvement of people's living standard, the demand for oral treatment and service is becoming higher and higher. However, the competition in the Chinese dental market has become tougher in the past few years, since many foreign dental companies have entered the market. As a result, the findings of the primary research revealed that although the interest in the Finnish dental equipment is not exactly high in the Guangdong province, there are certain hospitals that showed an interest in any foreign dental equipment. In order to help Finnish investors to understand the dental market in the Guangdong province in detail, the segmentation of hospitals was presented at the end of the thesis. This provides suggestions on potential customers to target in the future.
Dental health habits of Finnish adolescents
Community-wide oral health promotion in the Pitkäranta district of Russian Karelia : a case study
Oral health behaviour in adolescence
Smart Habit Xylitol campaign, a new approach in oral health promotion
Boys and girls as health-promoting actors : determinants of oral health-related lifestyle among 11- to 12-year-old schoolchildren
Developing instruments for measuring determinants of dental health behaviour in adults
Preventive dentistry and dental education in Iran
Complete dental bleaching
