http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15887 analytical chemistry
analytical chemistry
Complexation in analytical chemistry : A guide for the critical selection of analytical methods based on complexation reactions
Electrogenerated chemiluminescence of luminol and its applicability to the trace determination of cobalt (II)
X-ray methods
Methods of quantitative micro-analysis
Handbook of analytical derivatization reactions
Recent research developments in raman spectroscopy. Vol. 1
Classical methods. Vol. 1, Classical methods
Extraction of PCBs and PCDD/Fs from food and feed matrices using pressurised liquid extraction (PLE)
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1: vol. 1, Theory and practice; [Section A: Analytical chemistry : its objectives, functions, and limitations and Section B: Application of chemical principles]
Analytical chemistry
Principles and practice of analytical chemistry
Aspects on aquatic sampling and exploratory data analysis of hydrophobic organic compounds
EDTA titrations : an introduction to theory and practice
Errors, measurement and results in chemical analysis
Qualitative structure-property relationships in large descriptor spaces
Analytical chemistry : theoretical and metrological fundamentals
Acid-bases in analytical chemistry
Colloidal/solid phase extraction (C/S PE) methods based on hydrogel nanoparticles, titanium dioxide microparticles and empore membranes applied to biological and environmental matrices
Compact-disc microfluidic methods for characterization of therapeutic antibodies : analysis of post-translational modifications
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 3, Analytical chemistry in industry
Protein-based capacitive biosensors for the detection of heavy metal ions
Miniaturized, membrane-based and environmentally green sample preparation systems : applications for biological and environmental aqueous samples
Sample pretreatment and separation
Chemical applications of molecular beam scattering
Green analytical chemistry
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 25
Complexation in analytical chemistry : a guide for the critical selection of analytical methods based on complexation reactions
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1, Theory and practice; Section D-4 : Classical physcal methods and Section D-5 Thermal methods: vol. 8
Novel clean-up, concentration and laser desorption/ionization strategies for mass spectrometry
Functional aspects of cellobiose dehydrogenase : applications for biosensor development
Agilent literature search
Development and evaluation of a filter-bed-based system for full-scale treatment of industrial landfill leachate
Flow injection analysis : a practical guide
Novel detection schemes and high resolution separations in microcolumn liquid separations
Nuclear spin relaxation in paramagnetic transition metal complexes : a carbon-133 NMR and quantum chemical study
Chemical measurements in biological systems
Modern analytical chemistry
Instructor notes to accompany sample preparation for chemical analysis
Size characterisation of water-soluble polymers using asymmetrical flow field-flow fractionation
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1, Theory and practice; Section E: Application of measurements ; Section F: Principles of instrumentation and Section G: Preparation for analytical research and utilization: vol. 10
Treatise on analytical chemistry, part 1 : theory and practice. Vol. 1, Section A : analytical chemistry : its objectives, functions, and limitations ; Section B : application of chemical principles
Basic gas chromatography
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 2, Analytical chemistry of the elements
Chemometrics : statistics and computer application in analytical chemistry
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1, Theory and practice; [Section A: Analytical chemistry : its objectives, functions, and limitations and Section B: Application of chemical principles]
Solving problems in analytical chemistry
The identification of organic compounds : a manual of qualitative and quantitative methods
Introduction to open tubular columns
Chemical analysis of organometallic compounds. Vol. 4, Elements of group V
Quantitative analytical chemistry
Capillary electrophoresis of small molecules and ions
An introduction tothe theory and practice of analytical chemistry
Isocyanates, amines and alkanolamines : sampling, chromatography and detection
Treatise on analytical chemistry. 1, 1, Theory and practice
Analytical letters
Quantitative chemical analysis
Physical chemistry : series one. Vol. 13, Analytical chemistry : part 2
Potentiometry and ion selective electrodes
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 34, Discrete sample introduction techniques for inductive coupled plasma mass spectrometry
Principles of instrumental analysis
Microscale and selected macroscale experiments for general and advanced general chemistry : an innovative approach
Fundamentals of analytical chemistry
New methods of analytical chemistry
New tools for trapping and separation in gas chromatography and dielectrophoresis : improved performance by aid of computer simulation
Chemical Separations
Chemical sensors and biosensors for medical and biological applications
Basic relationships of gas chromatography
High-temperature reversed-phase liquid chromatography in open tubular columns
Ion exchange resins
Modern trends in analytical chemistry : P. A. Electrochemical detection in flow analysis : proceedings of the scientific symposium held at Matrafüred, Hungary, October 17-20, 1982. P. B, Pattern recognition in analytical chemistry, Matrafüred, October 20-22, 1982
Physical chemistry : series one. Vol. 12, Analytical chemistry : part 1
Exploiting atomic layer epitaxy thin film deposition techniques in solid-state chemical sensor applications
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry.. Vol. 35,, Modern Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy
Encyclopedia of analytical science
Advanced analytical chemistry
Applications of supercritical fluids in industrial analysis
Ultraviolet and visible spectroscopy
Recovery information in analytical measurement
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 17
Bioanalytical chemistry
Chemical equilibrium in analytical chemistry
Student solutions manual for Skoog, West, Holler, and Crouch's Fundamentals of analytical chemistry, 8th ed. : [teaching supplement]
Characterization of surface species generated in atomic layer epitaxy on silica
Detection in analytical chemistry : importance, theory, and practice : developed from a symposium ... at the 191st Meeting of American Chemical Society, New York, New York, April 13-18, 1986
Analytical chemistry : an introduction
Electroanalytical chemistry : a series of advances. Vol. 18
Survey of analytical chemistry
Chromatographic separations
Analytical method development for ultra-trace determination of human pharmaceuticals in aqueous samples : assessing the performance of a sewage treatment plant
Encyclopedia of separation science
Complexation in analytical chemistry : a guide for the critical selection of analytical methods, based on complexation reactions
Mass spectrometry in science and technology
Fluorecence and phosphorescence
First dice your dill (Anethum graveolens L.) : new methods and techniques in sample handling
Gas chromatography
Natural product analysis : chromatography - spectroscopy - biological testing
Analytical chemistry : some new techniques
Handbook of analytical tehcniques. Vol. 2
Statistical methods in analytical chemistry
Immuno-affinity interactions in sample preparation and analysis
Methods for determination of benzo(a)pyrene and high molecular weight (>300 Da) polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in particulate matter from ambient air and vehicle exhausts
Handbook of analytical separations. Vol. 1, Separation methods in drug synthesis and purification
Advances in analytical chemistry and instrumentation
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1, Theory and practice; vol. 11 Section H ; Common apparatus, techniques and operations. Section I ; Classical methods of analysis. Section I-1; Quantitative analysis: gravimetric. Section I-2; Quantitative analysis: titrimetric
Wilson and Wilson's comprehensive analytical chemistry. Vol. 54, Advances in flow injection analysis and related techniques
Process analytical chemistry : control, optimization, quality, economy
Treatise on analytical chemistry. Part 1, Theory and practice; Section A: Analytical chemistry : its objectives, functions, and limitations and Section B: Application of chemical principles : vol. 1
Stabilization of Phospholipid Coatings in Capillary Electrophoresis
Handbook of analytical chemistry
Ionic equilibria in analytical chemistry
New applications and developments of field-asymmetric ion mobility spectrometry - mass spectrometry (FAIMS-MS)
13C NMR spectroscopy : methods and applications
