http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15897 seed cultivation
seed cultivation
Forest tree seed of the north temperate regions : with special reference to North America
Fruit and seed production : aspects of development, environmental physiology and ecology
Fodders for the Near East: alfalfa
Tree seedling production and management of plantation forests : proceedings of the meeting in Tanzania, 3-10 November, 1997
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 2000 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 2000
Seedling establishment and growth after direct seeding with Pinus sylvestris : effects of seed type, seed origin, and seeding year
Critical factors in cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) panicle production in Finland and the implications for seed production
First world conference on organic seed : challenges and opportunities for organic agriculture and the seed industry : July 5-7., 2004, FAO headquarters, Rome
Tomato plant culture : in the field, greenhouse, and home garden
Seed production of agricultural crops
Encouraging diversity : the conservation and development of plant genetic resources
Geographic variation in forest trees : its genecological evaluation and application in breeding and seed production
Forest tree seed directory 1975 = Catalogue de graines forestières = Catálogo de semillas forestales
Lettuce, endive and chicory
Germination characteristics of autumn collected Pinus sylvestris seeds
Seed orchards are the link between tree breeding and reforestation. This paper presents data on cone, seed and pollen production and seed quality gathered over 21 years in a Pinus sylvestris (L.) experimental seed orchard containing plots with 14 different combinations of stand density and targeted pruning height. The treatments' stand densities ranged from 267 to 4000 stems ha-1, and the target graft heights ranged from 2 to 6 meters. Pollen production began at the same orchard age for all studied combinations of stand density and target height but the level of pollen production per hectare increased more rapidly in treatments with higher stand densities. In treatments with dense spacing, cone and seed production initially increased more rapidly than in treatments with wider spacing, thereby providing an earlier return on investment and a shorter seed production lag time. However, the levels of cone and seed production in such treatments over the entire study period were not appreciably different to those achieved in treatments with wider spacing and higher target height. The treatments did not differ substantially with respect to seed quality. These results show that comparable levels of seed production can be obtained with different combinations of stand density and target height, giving seed orchard owners and managers a wide range of viable management options..
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : intergrating methods for producing more with less : Murcia and Almeria, Spain, September 27 - October 1, 2009
Ex situ storage of seeds, pollen and in vitro cultures of perennial woody plant species
Forest regeneration in the Northern parts of Europe : proceedings of the Finnish-Russian Forest Regeneration Seminar in Vuokatti, Finland, Sept. 28th - Oct. 2nd, 1998
Bibliography of seeds
Insect pollination of cultivated crop plants
International Symposium on Agrotechnics and Storage of Vegetable and Ornamental Seeds : Fifth International Symposium on Seed Research in Horticulture : Bari, Italy, June 14-16, 1993
Quality declared seed system : expert consultation, Rome 5-7 May 2003
The potato : botany, production and uses
Summary: Profitability of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) and silver birch (Betula pendula R.) seed orchards in Finland.
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilasto 2002 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 2002
Long-term variation in Scots pine seed crop size and quality in northern Finland
Organic seed production and saving : the wisdom of plant heritage
EAPR2011 : abstracts : the 18thTtriennial Conference of the European Association for Potato Research, July 24-29, 2011 Oulu,Finland
Organic seed in the Nordic countries
Handbook of seed physiology : applications to agriculture
Improved grassland management
Ecology of soil seed banks
Variation in seed yield of cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) in Finland
Brave new seeds : the threat of GM crops to farmers
Seed health problems in tropical forest tree seeds and their impact on seedling production
Investigations into the dispersal of birch pollen with a particular view to the isolation of seed source plantations
Pinus contorta from untamed forest to domesticated crop : proceedings of a meeting with IUFRO Working Party S2.02.06 "Pinus contorta provenances and breeding" and Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå August 24-28,1992
Studies on Scots pine seed orchards in Finland with special emphasis on the genetic composition of the seed
Effects of pruning and stand density on cone and pollen production in an experimental Pinus sylvestris seed orchard
Site-specific grasses and herbs : seed production and use for restoration of mountain environments
Seed biology and the yield of grain crops
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Fundamentals of plant breeding and hybrid seed production
Effects of haulm killing and gibberellic acid on seed potato (Solanum tuberosum L.) and techniques for micro- and minituber production in northern latitudes
Energy efficiency in grain preservation
World list of seed sources = Liste mondiale de sources de semences = Lista mundial de fuentes de semillas
Models for designing the production-distribution system in supply chains of the Finnish nursery industry
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Summary: Enlarging the seed utilization areas toward to north by selective harvesting of Scots pine seed orchards.
Seed policy and programmes for the Central and Eastern European countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other countries in transition : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes for the Central and Eastern European Countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other Countries in Transition : Budapest, Hungary, 6-10 March 2001.
Screening early autumn frost hardiness among progenies from Norway spruce seed orchards
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1. 1. 1993 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1. 1. 1993
Suomen metsänjalostuksen yleistilastoa 1996 = General statistics on forest tree breeding in Finland 1996
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : best practices and options for decision making
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
Knott's handbook for vegetable growers
FAO seed review. 1979-80
Agricultural seed production
Guidelines for distribution of tree seed in small bags "Small quantities and high quality"
Crop improvement for sustainable agriculture
On the application of forest genetics and forest tree breeding research to practical forest seed production
Hartmann and Kester's plant propagation : principles and practices
Parameters, relationship and selections in pines
Agricultural and horticultural seeds : their production, control and distribution
The biology of Pissodes validirostris Gyll. (Col., Curculionidae) and its harmfulness, especially in Scots pine seed orchards
Modelling crop-weed interactions
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies regenerated from seeds
7th International Symposium on Timing Field Production of Vegetables : Skierniewice, Poland, August 23-27, 1993
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
Digital atlas of economic plants in archaeology
Seed campaigns : guidelines for promoting the use of quality seeds in developing countries
Some results on the regularities of seed crops in Scots pine seed orchards
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of pinus sylvestris and picea abies regenerated from seeds
Genetic functioning of Scots pine seed orchards
The plant propagator's bible
The reference manual of woody plant propagation : from seed to tissue culture : a practical working guide to the propagation of over 1100 species, varieties and cultivars
Genetic gain and gene diversity of seed orchard crops
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Flower induction by exogenous plant hormones in Scots pine and Norway spruce grafts
True potato seed based potato production technology for the Sudan
Functioning of a Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) seed orchard
Managing the potato production system
Establishment guide : a guide to the establishment of research and demonstration plantings of nitrogen fixing trees
Hemp : industrial production and uses
Seeds, sex and civilization : how the hidden life of plants has shaped our world
40 years of EUCARPIA : European Association for Research on Plant Breeding
Seed identification handbook
FAO seed review. 1984-85
Growing Food  : A Guide to Food Production
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Seed production : principles and practices
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : San Antonio, Texas, USA, December, 3-6, 2006
