http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15806 living organisms
living organisms kingdom of living organisms
The distribution and diversity of soil fauna
Advances in ecological research : [ecosystems in a human-modified landscape: a european perspective]
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
Scatter, adapt, and remember : how humans will survive a mass extinction
Amphibians of La Escalera Region, southeastern Venezuela : taxonomy, ecology, and biogeography
Biotic response to global change : the last 145 million years
Community ecology : a workshop held at Davis, CA, April 1986
Safety case for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel at Olkiluoto. Data basis for the biosphere assessment BSA-2012. Part I-II ; Appendices
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
The future of life
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Individual-based models and approaches in ecology : populations, communities and ecosystems
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Ecosystems and human well-being : current state and trends : findings of the Condition and Trends Working Group
Tropical forest community ecology
Citizens of the sea : wondrous creatures from the Census of Marine Life
Guns, germs and steel : a short history of everybody for the last 13000 years
Ecology of the city of Sofia : species and communities in an urban environment
Evolution of life-histories in stochastic environments : Cole's paradox revisited
The diversity of life
The impact of climate change on ecosystems and species : environmental context
Acidification in Finland
Ecology : the experimental analysis of distribution and abundance
The web of life : a new scientific understanding of living systems
Safety case for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel at Olkiluoto : biosphere assessment 2012
Strategy for biotechnology and genetic engineering in agriculture
Ecological assembly rules : perspectives, advances, retreats
Conservation of rare or little-known species : biological, social, and economic considerations
The story of life
Five kingdoms : an illustrated guide to the phyla life on earth
Citizens of the sea : wondrous creatures from the Census of marine life
Biological thermodynamics
Mycorrhizal ecology
Biogeography and ecology of forest bird communities
The Arctic : the complete story
