http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15898 career choice
career choice
Career development and systems theory : a new relationship
Get a life, not a job : do what you love and let your talents work for you
A one-page tool to reinvent yourself and your careerThe global bestseller Business Model Generation introduced a unique visual way to summarize and creatively brainstorm any business or product idea on a single sheet of paper. Business Model You uses the same powerful one-page tool to teach readers how to draw "personal business models," which reveal new ways their skills can be adapted to the changing needs of the marketplace to reveal new, more satisfying, career and life possibilities. Produced by the same team that created Business Model Generation, this book is based on the Business Model.
Career development interventions in the 21st century
Ladies' business menu : fForum - promoting women's entrepreneurship and leadership
Career crossroads : a headhunter ́s guide to career strategy
Career planning today : hire me!
University students' approaches to learning, self-regulation, and cognitive and attributional strategies : connections with well-being and academic-success
By accident or by design? : social enterprise leaders' stories of their career choice
How to prepare for a career in fashion
Career development in childhood and adolescence
How to get a job in television : insider secrets you need to know to get and keep your dream job in TV
Job, interviews, success
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
Opportunities in library and information science careers
Intergenerational mobility in self-employment : a regional approach
Professional empowerment of immigrants : a qualitative study on unemployed academic Russian immigrants in Finland
Personality and aspired occupations of business students
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan"--Provided by publisher.
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
Career counselling
Viewpoint : an introduction to travel, tourism, and hospitality
Starting out : essential steps to your dream career
Career directions : the path to your ideal career
History and philosophy of science. 7, Science industry and society : studies in the sociology of science
Who wants to be a scientist? : choosing science as a career
What color is your parachute? : a practical manual for job-hunters and career-changers
Hospitality & tourism : an introduction to the industry
Adolescents ́ career goals in social context
The complete guide to careers in special events : step toward success!
Diversity & women's career development : from adolescence to adulthood
Getting unstuck : how dead ends become new paths
Becoming an interior designer
Social habitus and the impact of socio-cultural factors on vocational behavior of adolescents : a cross-national comparison of French and Finnish students
What color is your parachute? : A practical manual for job-hunters & career changers
Now is the time to do what you love : how to make the career move that will change your life
The great mid-life career switch : 15 important tips to help you change careers at half-time
Cornerstones for professionalism
Vocational psychological and organisational perspectives on career : towards a multidisciplinary dialogue
Women's career strategy choices and fertility in Finland
Born for this : how to find the work you were meant to do
"The step-by-step process in Careers in Special Events will help event planners showcase their skills. It shows them how to create a unique and creative approach with a proven plan. Industry professionals provide insight and advice on gaining the appropriate skills, making contacts, networking, and using knowledge to ace job interviews. Various Action Steps are featured throughout the pages, as well as exercises to reinforce concepts. The Practice Activity at the end of each chapter helps measure progress and identify areas of individual focus. Samples of cover letters and thank you notes in addition to dining etiquette when interviewing over a meal are also presented to give event planners all the tools they'll need to succeed. -- Provided by publisher.
So good they can't ignore you : why skills trump passion in the quest for work you love
Tiivistelmä (Finnish summary)
Becoming a midwife
Finding a job : how to plan your career
Understanding career counselling : theory, research and practice
Career choice in management and entrepreneurship : a research companion
Career counselling : constructivist approaches
Career programming : linking youth to the world of work
Marie Curie actions in brief : a pocket guide
The art of building windmills : career tactics for the 21st century
Explains how to identify personal goals and interests and reveals how to apply that information toward obtaining satisfying employment, with tips on interviews, salary-negotiation techniques, and career searching online.
"The world has gotten smaller" : third year IB high school students' perceptions on the international baccalaureate diploma programme: internationalisation, English medium instruction and career choice
The attraction of the teacher's work : a comparative view on the decision to become a teacher
Beauty pays : why attractive people are more successful
Organized around the National Career Development Association's competencies and the American Counseling Association's Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice, this top-selling text presents theories, assessments, planning tools, resources, and technologies relevant to modern career development. With four chapters devoted to career development in educational settings, this book analyzes the aspects of career development interventions for the elementary, middle and high school, higher ed, and community audiences. Also provided are strategies for implementing career counseling techniques and creating and designing career development programs.
What color is your parachute? 2012 : a practical manual for job-hunters and career-changers
Why are so few women promoted into top management positions?
All my sisters
Image vs. Reality in a Receptionist's Job
Preparing for success : practical guide for young musicians
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Essential elements of career counseling : processes and techniques
Zen and the art of making a living : a practical guide to creative career design
Career counseling : a holistic approach
Managing competitiveness in pursuit of a legal career : women attorneys in Finland and Poland
Career planning strategies: hire me!
The girl from the Savoy
Business model you : a one-page method for reinventing your career
Career flow : a hope-centered approach to career development
A guide to career management and programming for adults with disabilities : a 21st century perspective
Graduate attributes, learning and employability
The road to success : a career manual : how to advance to the top
Getting into nursing
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Career choice and development
On the path of a doctor : motivations and satisfaction of medical doctors in their career-related decisions
Careers and family : sex roles and adolescent life plans
The Chicago guide to your career in science : a toolkit for students and postdocs
Careers : the graphic guide to finding the perfect job for you
Vocational interests : meaning, measurement, and counseling use
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Starting your career as a dancer
Women in mathematics : a cross-cultural comparison
The anthropology graduate's guide : from student to a career
Career counseling interventions : practice with diverse clients
Increasing girls' interest in technology education as a way to advance women in technology
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Curious minds : how a child becomes a scientist
Career counseling : foundations, perspectives, and applications
Introduction to work psychology
Making vocational choices : a theory of vocational personalities and work environments
In demand : career guidance in EU neighbouring countries
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
Gradireland : the official careers directory 2007 for students and graduates in Ireland, north &south
In this extraordinary eye-opening account, Georgetown University professor Dr. Calvin Newport debunks the long-held traditonal notion that 'following your passion' is good career advice.
The connection between vocational orientation and vocational commitment, career choice satisfication and choice of a teaching career in the humanities and natural sciences : a four-year follow-up study
Handbook of life design : from practice to theory and from theory to practice
The complete career makeover
Nursing students and older people nursing : towards a future career
Managing careers : theory and practice
Organizational membership : personal development in the workplace
Applying career development theory to counseling
Essays on the consequences of international assignments on expatriates' identity and career aspirations
Career choice and development : applying contemporary theories to practice
Career information, career counseling, and career development
Jumpstart your career to a brilliant future
On the impact of computer science outreach events on K-12 students
A Nordic perspective on career competences and guidance : career choices and career learning
Women in science : career processes and outcomes
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Screw work, let's play : how to do what you love and get paid for it
Theories of career development
Great jobs for math majors
