http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15808 cryptogams
cryptogams spore plants
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Catalogue of Canadian plants. Part 6 , Musci
Mating system and distribution of enzyme genetic variation in bracken (Pteridium aquilinium)
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 3, Nepal and Pakistan
Fungi fimicoli italici : a guide to the recognition of basidiomycetes and ascomycetes living on faecal material = guida al riconoscimento dei basidiomiceti e degli ascomiceti che vivono su materia fecale
An atlas of plant structure. Vol. 2
Germplasm diversity and evaluation : algae, fungi, and lichens
Danish fungi as represented in the herbarium of E. Rostrup
The Victorian fern craze : a history of pteridomania
Studies on moss spores. 1, The triglycerides of Polytrichum commune spores and their mobilization and degradation in relation to the germination phases
An evolutionary survey of the plant kingdom
The life cycle and genetic structure of the red alga Furcellaria lumbricalis on a salinity gradient
A comparative study of gametophyte morphology, gametangial ontogeny and sex expression in the Asplenium adiantum-nigrum complex (Aspleniaceae, Pteridophyta)
Small-scale pattern and mobility of plant species in alvar grassland
Influence of chemicals on inoculum production by Leptosphaeria maculans on canola (Brassica napus L.) residues
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 1, Algae and Fungi
A manual of the spores of New Zealand Pteridophyta : a discussion of spore morphology and dispersal with reference to the identification of the spores in surface samples and as microfossils
Cryptogams distributed by the Farlow Herbarium of Harvard University : Reliquiae Farlowianae. 1-600
Phylogeny and evolutionary relationships of the moss families Brachytheciaceae and Meteoriaceae
Pollen and spore morphology : Plant taxonomy. Gymnosperme, Pteridophyta, Bryophyta
Molds, mushrooms and mycotoxins
Oak-rich temperate forest : conservation ecology of cryptogams and vascular plants at local and landscape level
Cryptogamic botany
Heavy metals in european mosses: 2000/2001 survey : UNECE ICP Vegetation
Bryophytes and fungi on dead spruce : integrating conservation with forest management planning
Cryptogamous plants in the forest communities of Bialowieza National Park : Ecological atlas (project CRYPTO 4)
Nonvascular plants: form and function
Plant resources of South-East Asia. 15 :1, Cryptogams: Algae
The ferns and fern-allies of west tropical Africa .. : being a supplement to second edition of the flora of west tropical Africa
A biology of the algae
Botany of the Canadian eastern arctic. Part 2, Thallophyta and Bryophyta
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1988. Vol. 2, Central and Eastern Nepal
AN ATLAS OF PLANT STRUCTURE 1.
Cryptogamic botany. Vol. 2, Bryophytes and pteridophytes
Monographic studies on Orthotrichum (Musci)
Tropical plant science
Proceedings of the Congress of East Asiatic Bryology, Helsinki, August 12-19, 1990
Cryptogamous plants in the forest communities of Białlowieża National Park : functional groups analysis and general synthesis (project CRYPTO 3)
Pollen and spore morphology : plant taxonomy. Pteridophyta
Non-flowering plants
Strasburger's textbook of botany
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 15, Teil 1, Differenzierung und Entwicklung
The taxonomy of Ulva Linnaeus, 1753, and Enteromorpha Link, 1820, (Chlorophyceae) in the Netherlands
Sovremennoe sostoânie biologiceskogo raznoobraziâ na zapovednyh territoriâh Rossii = the present-day state of biological diversity within protected areas. Vypusk 3, Liǎjniki i mohoobraznye = Issue 3. Lichens and bryophytes
Cryptogams of the Himalayas : scientific results of the Botanical Expedition to the Himalayas and Adjacent Areas 1986. Vol. 1, The Kathmandu Valley
British ferns and their allies : an abridgement of the "Popular history of British ferns," and comprising the ferns, club-mosses, pepperworts, and horsetails
Liverworts, mosses and ferns of Europe
Ecology of Daldinia spp. with special emphasis on Daldinia loculata
