http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15877 Sumerians
Sumerians
A history of Sumer and Akkad : an account of the early races of Babylonia from prehistoric times to the foundation of the Babylonian monarchy
The Sumerian world
Studies in Neo-Sumerian administrative machinery
The God Enki in Sumerian royal ideology and mythology
Warriors and weapons of early times in colour
The age of God-kings : 3000-1500 BC
Myths from Mesopotamia : creation, the flood, Gilgamesh, and others
Sumerian and Babylonian psalms
Sumerian mythology. a study of spiritual and literary achievement in the third millenium B. C.
Gender reversals and gender cultures : anthropological and historical perspectives
Treasures of the Iraq Museum
The ancient Near East : historical sources in translation
A comparative study of six city-state cultures : an investigation conducted by the Copenhagen polis centre
The art and architecture of the ancient Orient
Umma messenger texts in the British Museum, part three (UMTBM 3)
Enmerkar and the lord of Aratta : a Sumerian epic tale of Iraq and Iran
Daily life in ancient Mesopotamia
The world's oldest literature : studies in Sumerian belles-lettres
Early Mesopotamia : society and economy at the dawn of history
Mythology and mythologies : methodological approaches to intercultural influences : proceedings of the Second Annual Symposium of the Assyryan and Babylonian Intellectual Heritage Project held in Paris, France, October 4-7, 1999
Love songs in Sumerian literature : critical edition of the Dumuzi-Inanna songs
A history of Sumer and Akkad
Two Neo-Sumerian royal hymns : Sumerian texts with English introduction, translations and notes
The Sumerian problem
Archeology and the Sumerian problem
The age of god-kings : 3000-1500 BC
The Encyclopedia of ancient civilizations
The Sumerian problem in the light of heuristics : (a research report)
Inanna, queen of heaven and earth : her stories and hymns from Sumer
Cultural atlas of Mesopotamia and the ancient Near East
The invention of cuneiform : writing in Sumer
The Sumerians : their history, culture, and character
The Sumerian sacred marriage in the light of comparative evidence
Early ancient Near Eastern law : a history of its beginnings : the early dynastic and Sargonic periods
From the tablets of Sumer : twenty-five firsts in man's recorded history
The ancient Near East
Excavations at Ur : a record of twelve years' work
Babylon : Mesopotamia and the birth of civilization
History begins at Sumer : thirty-nine firsts in man's recorded history
Sumerian mythology : a study of spiritual and literary achievement in the third millenium B. C.
The household utensils of the Sumerians and Babylonians
Sumer and the Sumerians
Everyday life in ancient Mesopotamia
Reading Sumerian poetry
Mesopotamian cosmic geography
The most ancient East : the Oriental prelude to European prehistory
Literature begins at Sumer, we may say. Given that this ancient crossroads of tin and copper produced not only bronze and the entire Bronze Age, but also by necessity, the first system of record-keeping and the technique of writing. Scribal schools served to propagate the new technique and their curriculum grew to create, preserve and transmit all manner of creative poetry. In a lifetime of research, the author has studied multiple aspects of this most ancient literary oeuvre, including such questions as chronology and bilingualism, as well as contributing fundamental insights into specific genres such as proverbs, letter-prayers and lamentations. In addition, he has drawn conclusions for the comparative or contextual approach to biblical literature. His studies, widely scattered in diverse publications for nearly fifty years, are here assembled in convenient one-volume format, made more user-friendly by extensive cross-references and indices.
The archæology of the cuneiform inscriptions
The ancient civilizations of the world, the first social structures in which culture and religion were born, are the subject of this comprehensive, wide-ranging encyclopedia. The work of over thirty international experts, including Colin Renfrew, O.R. Gurney, Richard Leakey and many other leading academics in the field of ancient history, 'The Penguin Encyclopedia of Ancient Civilizations' provides a fascinating overview of the prehistoric world and a detailed analysis of separate ancient civilizations. The art, architecture, language, mythology and chronology of early societies as diverse as ancient Egypt, Troy, India, West Asia, South America and Europe are fully discussed, and there is a special section of references for further reading. Structured to enable the reader to draw together contemporary events and to locate geographically connected civilizations, like those that flourished in Mesopotamia, the encyclopedia contains over 300 illustrations and twenty-eight maps.
The unbeatable light : melammu and its biblical parallels
Sumerian sources of tablet XII of the epic of Gilgameš
The notion of the desert in Sumero-Accadian and West-Semitic religions
The Ancient Orient : an introduction to the study of the Ancient Near East
The "Ur-Nammu" Stela
In this comprehensive study, Horowitz examines all of the extant Mesopotamian texts (both Sumerian and Akkadian) relating to the ideas of the physical universe and its constituent parts (Heaven, Earth, subterranean waters, underworld). The author shows that the Mesopotamian view of the universe was at once cohesive as well as discordant and deficient, while remaining fairly constant over more than 2,500 years. Horowitz first surveys the various sources for Mesopotamian cosmic geography, including various mythological and literary texts, as well as the famous "Babylonian Map of the World" and various astrological and astronomical texts. The universe was built by the gods in earliest times and was thought to be held together by cosmic bonds. Given this general notion, there is nevertheless significant variety in the inclusion or omission of various elements of the picture in texts of different genres and from different periods. In addition, the available evidence leaves a number of problems unsolved. What are the bounds of the universe? What is beyond the limits of the universe? In the second section of the book, Horowitz then discusses each of the various regions and their names in various locales and time periods, drawing on the disparate sources to show where there is coherence and where there is difference of perspective. In addition, he discusses all of the names for the different parts of the universe and examines the geographies of each region. Of importance for both Assyriologists and those interested in the history of ideas, particularly the cosmologies of the ancient Near East.
Ur of the Chaldees : a record of seven years of excavation
Tradition and the poetics of innovation : Sumerian court literature of the Larsa dynasty (c. 2003-1763 BCE)
