http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1581 marks
marks marks and signs signs and marks
Aprilia : the complete story
Marketing Strategy in Terms of Promotion and Communication for Energy Drinks in Ghana. Case Company: Sinebrychoff Brewery.
Transfer of brand associations over time : the brand extension of Nivea
Visual expedition to the identity of record label: paradise lost recordings
The illustrated directory of tractors
Endothelial function and regulation of vascular tone in normal and complicated pregnancies
A guide to remembering Japanese characters
Pleiotropy of vitamin D-mediated gene regulation
A dictionary of symbols
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Read me first! : a style guide for the computer industry
Background of the Trade Mark Reform and the EUTM
Quantification and clinical relevance of cystatin C
Languages of art : an approach to a theory of symbols
Sacred tattoos of Thailand : exploring the magic, masters and mystery of Sak Yan
Seventeen-year-old Karou, a lovely, enigmatic art student in a Prague boarding school, carries a sketchbook of hideous, frightening monsters--the chimaerae who form the only family she has ever known.
Brown's signalling : how to learn the commercial code and all other forms of signalling as required at B.O.T. examinations, to which is appended the British signal manual, comprising a complete signal book for small vessels : Marconi wireless telegraphy explained
Great American craft beer : a guide to the nation's finest beers and breweries
Lines : a brief history
Students' preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in KUAS cafeterias, Finland
The behaviour of Finnish consumers towards eco-labelled products; Case: S-Group Oyj
Retail marketing and branding : a definitive guide to maximizing ROI
The Illustrated encyclopedia of signs & symbols
Abstract.
Way of the sign
Recycling & Redesigning Logos : A Designer's Guide to Refreshing & Rethinking Design
This book analyzes the history of Mesopotamian imagery form the mid-second to mid-first millennium BCE. It demonstrates that in spite of rich textual evidence, which grants the Mesopotamian gods and goddesses an anthropmorphic form, there was a clear abstention in various media from visualizing the gods in such a form. True, divine human-shaped cultic images existed in Mesopotamian temples. But as a rule, non-anthropomorphic visual agents such as inanimate objects, animals or fantastic hybrids replaced these figures when they were portrayed outside of their sacred enclosures. This tendency reached its peak in first-millennium Babylonia and Assyria. The removal of the Mesopotamian human-shaped deity from pictorial renderings resembles the Biblical agenda not only in its avoidance of displaying a divine image but also in the implied dual perception of the divine: according to the Bible and the Assyro-Babylonian concept the divine was conceived as having a human form; yet in both cases anthropomorphism was also concealed or rejected, though to a different degree. In the present book, this dual approach toward the divine image is considered as a reflection of two associated rather than contradictory religious worldviews. The plausible consolidation of the relevant Biblical accounts just before the Babylonian Exile, or more probably within the Exile - in both cases during a period of strong Assyrian and Babylonian hegemony - points to a direct correspondence between comparable religious phenomena. It is suggested that far from their homeland and in the absence of a temple for their god, the Judahite deportees adopted and intensified the Mesopotamian avoidance of anthropomorphic picorial portrayals of deities. While the Babylonian representations remained confined to temples, the exiles would have turned a cultic reality - i.e., the nonwritten Babylonian custom - into a written, articulated law that explicity forbade the pictorial representation of God.
A process philosophy of signs
Dark Tourism and Destination Marketing
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarising at university Is there a secret to successful study? The answer is 'yes'! There are some essential skills and smart strategies that will help you to improve your results at university. This easy-to-use guide helps to develop the essential academic skills of writing and thinking needed to cite and reference with confidence in your academic studies. Plagiarism and the most common methods of quoting, summarising and paraphrasing are explained and modelled throughout the book. HOW TO CITE, REFERENCE & AVOID PLAGIARISM AT UNIVERSITY provides tips, tools and techniques you will need to perform with excellence, including how to: * understand the importance of correct citation and referencing in academic writing * be aware of the facts about plagiarism and how it can be identified and avoided * search for and evaluate sources from the literature * introduce the work of others into your own text * understand and use the five most common citation and referencing styles. Visit www.smarterstudyskills.com to access a wealth of useful information, tips, templates and interactive activities that will support your skills development.
C. S. Peirce's logic of vagueness
Reading the Maya glyphs
Applying genome-wide approach to define the genetics of low-density lipoprotein oxidation in two large cohorts
Peirce's concept of sign
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Analysing phonetic transcription : a typology of errors
Sieraad symbol signaal = The Jewel - sign and symbol
Signs and symbols : what they mean and how we use them
Brand driven growth : case Amer Sports Corporation in the sporting goods industry
Graphical representation of sound trademarks - past, present and future
Symbolism in liturgical art
Chinese symbolism and art motifs : a comprehensive handbook on symbolism in Chinese art through the ages
Logo Creed : the mystery, magic and method behind designing logos
Daughter of smoke & bone
Sports procurement and its impact on the sports retail market in Finland, case Millet
I think I am a verb : more contributions to the doctrine of signs
Design management methods in private label brand development: case Stockmann, Cristelle & Co
Meaning in language : an introduction to Semantics and Pragmatics
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
Branding People
The book of punctuation
Michelson interferometer with porch swing bearing for portable FTIR spectrometer
Free prostate-specific antigen forms and kallikrein-related peptidase 2 : tools for prostate cancer diagnostics
Symbol, pattern and symmetry : the cultural significance of structure
Classic farm tractors
Airway inflammatory markers in asthma and rhinitis : microRNA, nasal nitric oxide and proteome analysis
The secret language of symbols : a visual key to symbols and their meanings
The Kodansha Kanji learners course : a step-by-step guide to mastering 2300 characters
Symbols and meanings in school mathematics
Chinese characters explained = [Hanzi de fenjie]
Signs in contemporary culture : an introduction to semiotics
Shady characters : ampersands, interrobangs and other typographical curiosities
The semiotic grounds of animal assistance : sign use of guide dogs and their visually impaired handlers
Collector's encyclopedia of Nippon porcelain : identification & values
Walk this way : sign graphics now
Role of Social Media for Cosmetic Surgery
Jaguar : Speed and Style
The pursuit of signs : semiotics, literature, deconstructions
Green public procurement and eco-labels
Design management methods in private label brand development : case Stockmann: Cristelle & Co
Biomarkers for non-alcoholic steatohepatitis with special emphasis on lipid metabolism
Daughter of smoke and bone
THE BOOK OF SIGNS
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
Sähkötekniikan piirrosmerkit = Symboler för elscheman = Graphical symbols for electrical diagrams
"The Eight Immortals, the five elements, the dragon and the phoenix, yin and yang-representations of these important cultural symbols are pervasive in Chinese literature, art, and architecture and without an understanding of their significance, much Chinese history, folklore, and culture cannot be fully appreciated. In this comprehensive handbook, C.A.S. Williams offers concise explanations of these essential symbols and motifs. Arranged alphabetically for easy access, the book not only explains essential cultural symbols, accompanied by their Chinese characters, but also contains many articles on Chinese beliefs, customs, arts and crafts, food, agriculture, and medicine. This fourth revised edition of Chinese Symbolism and Art Motifs, first published in Shanghai in 1941, has been completely reset and now uses the Pinyin pronunciation of Chinese names and words. The book has become a standard reference volume for students of China and Chinese culture." "For those who are visiting China, Chinese Symbolism and Art Motifs is an indispensable guide to the Middle Kingdom's artistic and architectural wonders. For the general reader, it is a valuable compendium of fascinating sinological lore. Book jacket."--BOOK JACKET.
The Book of Punctuation was written by Yosef Gikatilla (1248 - c. 1325) in his early philosophical-kabbalistic period. The exact date of origin of this short treatise, however, cannot be established with certainty. The text focuses first of all on Hebrew vowels, which are fundamental elements in Gikatilla's theory of creation. The author integrates the vowels in a complex system, assigning a specific task to each of them with respect to the cosmos and to creation, according to their respective grammatical functions. The book, which is inspired both by medieval cosmology and by the philosophy of Maimonides, reveals a unique concept of linguistic mysticism. This trilingual volume offers for the first time the critical edition of the Hebrew text of the work together with the Latin version made in 1486 by the convert Flavius Mithridates for the Humanist Giovanni Pico della Mirandola and an English translation.
Sign, symbol & form / Louise Bowen Ballinger, Raymond A. Ballinger
Pictogram and icon collection : from public signage to web icons
Social Media as a Tool of Marketing and Creating Brand awareness : Case study research
The chinese calligraphy sourcebook : the essenteial illustrated guide to over 300 beautiful characters
Brand equity & advertising : advertising's role in building strong brands
BMW X5 : limited edition extra 1999-2006
Perceptions of Students of Rovaniemi University of Applied Sciences on the Brand of Fazer Food Services
Pictogram and icon graphics : from public signage to web icons
The pursuit of signs : semiotics, literature, deconstruction
What's in a Chinese character = Quwei hanzi
Basics of semiotics
John Deere farm tractors : a history of John Deere Tractor
What should you know about trademarks when doing business in Russia : Case - Project application for the Baltic Institute of Finland
Latvian ornament
The creation of the Chinese script
Changes in atherosclerosis risk factors induced by hormone replacement therapy or ethanol consumption
Information technology - 8-bit single-byte coded graphic character sets : international standard. Part 10, Latin alphabet no. 6
Graphics alive
Information processing - 8-bit single-byte coded graphic character sets : international standard. Part 4, Latin alphabet no. 4
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers : from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Signs and meanings : world and text in ancient Christianity
The world encyclopedia of tractors & farm machinery
Social selling luxury : Increase sales by engaging in the digital world
Superior brand name types in high & low context cultures
Signs, symbols and icons : pre-history to the computer age
Asian brand strategy : building and sustaining strong global brands in Asia
Swedish IP cases from 2014 - an overview
Biodistribution studies in small animal models using pre-clinical SPECT/CT imaging
Towards an integrative information society : studies on individuality in speech and sign
Beyond the brand : why engaging the right customers is essential to winning in business
Way of the sign III
Strategic brand management : building, measuring, and managing brand equity
The triumph of the symbol : pictorial representation of deities in Mesopotamia and the biblical image ban
Symbol signs : the complete study of passenger/pedestrian oriented symbols developed by The American Institute of Graphic Arts for the U. S. Department of Transportation
Cross-cultural brand perception
New mythologies in design and culture : reading signs and symbols in the visual landscape
Identification of biomarkers for type 2 diabetes
Earmarks, furmarks and the community: multiple reindeer property among West Siberian pastoralists
A short course in international intellectual property rights : protecting your brands, marks, copyrights, patents, designs, and related rights worldwide
Emblems : forms of pride : how to enjoy your blazer
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Polygenic risk scores, transcriptomics, and molecular mechanisms of Alzheimer's disease-related risk genes
Semiotics of religion : signs of the sacred in history
The Swastika : the earliest known symbol, and its migrations; with observations on the migration of certain industries in prehistoric times
Basic Chinese-Korean character dictionary
Handbook of pottery and porcelain marks / compiled by J. P. Cushion ; in collaboration with W. B. Honey
Wordcraft : the art of turning little words into big business
The Japanese stage-step course : writing practise e-book
Handbook of pictoral symbols : 3.250 examples from international sources
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers:from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Symbols and their meanings
Facts of life
1001 symbols : the illustrated key to the world of symbols
Sign, image and symbol
Death in transit
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Whisky classified : choosing single malts by flavour
Consumption and everyday life
Great farm tractors
Proceedings of the Scripta 2011 : writings and cognition
Roles : an introduction to the study of social relations
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Student's preference choice among private and national brands of snacks in Kuas Cafeterias, Finland / Juan Jose Garcia Navarro & Lucia Palkovicova
Luxury retail management : how the world ́s top brands provide quality product and service support
Outward signs : the powerlessness of external things in Augustine's thought
Picturing Future Events : Building a Visual Identity for a New Music Festival
The graphic facilitator's guide : how to use your listening, thinking & drawing skills to make meaning
Information processing - 8-bit single-byte coded graphic character sets : international standard. Part 1, Latin alphabet no. 1
Semiotics : an introductory anthology
Fundamentals of Chinese characters
TRACTORS : 100 YEARS OF INNOVATION
Marks of excellence : the function and variety of trademarks
Dimensions of sociolinguistic landscapes in Europe : materials and methodological solutions
Creating Brand for CoreFinland Ltd
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
Cars that rock with Brian Johnson : burn rubber with Brian in the most iconic cars ever built
Motivational drivers of behavioral online brand engagement in content consumption context : examining brand commitment and trust in online content as moderators
Fashion insignia : patches and emblems
Summary.
Expression of hyaluronan synthases and hyaluronidases in gynecological malignancies
Stiff : the story of a record label 1976-1982
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The world of tractors
Brand Strategy: Five Branding Decisions. A Research on Manchester United FC
Military aircraft insignia of the world
This book explores the use of sign systems within institutions across the globe and explores the needs and considerations behind each project.
Shady characters : the secret life of punctuation, symbols, & other typographical marks
Archigraphia : architectural and environmental graphics = architektur- und signalisierungsgraphik = la création graphique appliquée à l'architecture et à l'environnement
Signs grow : semiosis and life processes
Signet Signal Symbol : Handbuch internationaler Zeichen = emblème signal symbole : répertoire de signes internationaux = signet signal symbol : handbook of international signs
Social media landscapes : tracing the uses and functions of a hybrid sign
Chinese calligraphy ; from pictograph to ideogram : the history of 214 essential Chinese/Japanese characters
Symbol sourcebook : an authoritative guide to international graphic symbols
The Importance of Positioning and Networking in the Globalization Process of a Small-Sized Brand - Case: SabrinaTach
Vauxhall/Opel Astra : owners workshop manual
Today's hieroglyphs = Die Hieroglyphen von heute = Hiéroglyphes de notre temps
The World's Greatest Tractors
Free PAPP-A: a Novel Marker in Acute Coronary Syndrome Patients
Summary in Chinese.
From sign to text : a semiotic view of communication
Strategic brand management : a European perspective
VW Jetta, Rabbit, GTI & Golf automotive repair manual
Architecture from without : theoretical framings for a critical practice
Symbolism : the universal language
The title of the letter : a reading of Lacan
Semiotic insights : the data do the talking
Incidence, biomarkers, and outcome of acute kidney injury in critically ill adults
Kia Sephia & Spectra automotive repair manual
The articles in this volume investigate everyday textual material of sociolinguistic landscapes in the early 21st century. Sociolinguistic landscapes reflect societal change, and they enable observers to map what linguistic resources are used in various contexts and to study how these resources interact and are interpreted. The articles present not only quantitative results of the presence of languages in signs but also look into how authors and designers make use of an endless pool of linguistic resources, how visible semiotic items contribute to create a sense of space, what types of mental processes are involved in the production, and how various audiences (residents, occasional passers-by, and language regulators) interpret and construct signs and sociolinguistic landscapes to form their own understanding of semiotic space.
Processing cultural meaning
Brandchild : insights into the minds of today's global kids and their relationship with brands
A sign is just a sign
Sefer ha-Niḳḳud, a kabbalistic book, is a mystical explanation of the [Hebrew] vowel-points.
The element encyclopedia of symbols
Signs & symbols : what they mean and how we use them : a fascinating visual examination of how signs and symbols developed as a means of communication throughout history in art, religion, psychology, literature and everyday life
How to cite, reference & avoid plagiarism at university
Consumer motivations to join a brand community on Facebook
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Layout techniques for landscape architecture
Nya bildsymboler för många fler = New graphical symbols for many more
The domain of images / James Elkins
Magic and mystical symbols : CD-ROM and book
Characterization of synchrotron radiation based functional lung imaging
The sign of the cross : the gesture, the mystery, the history
The EU Trademark Reform and Scope of Protection
Kids and branding in a digital world
Visual aid : stuff you've forgotten, things you never thought you knew, and lessons you didn't quite get around to learning
Production of feeds for African catfish Clarias gariepinus using plant proteins
The last good man
Collins Chinese language and culture
Letter recognition : from perception to representation
The use of brand value as a managerial tool : a case study
The Impact of Perceived Fit on Customer Evaluations of Brand Extension
Export and import of sporting goods
Free PAPP-A : a novel marker in acute coronary syndrome patients
Branding strategies of horizontal international mergers and acquisitions : a case study of a Finnish global company
The elite bicycle : portraits of great marques, makers and designers
Tradition toward the future
Market research on luxury e-business in China
Signs & symbols : what they mean and how we use them
The meaning of meaning : a study of the influence of language upon thought and of the science of symbolism
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Zeichen + Signets : eine Sammlung internationaler Beispiele = Signs + emblems : a collection of international examples
Graphic symbols for children
Classic Harley-Davidson : a celebration of an American icon
American dream bikes :  leading edge motorcycle design and technology
Secrets of success in brand licensing
Material vision into fashion : design, branding and innovation in the process of setting up a fashion label, case luxaa
Idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus : a study of epidemiology, genetics, and cerebrospinal fluid
Biomarkers - regulatory and toxicological perspectives
Peirce, signs, and meaning
Encyclopedia of signs, omens, and superstitions
Signs and symbols : an illustrated guide to their origins and meanings
The world encyclopedia of beer
Intersemiotic Translation from Novel to Graphic Novel and a Case Study of Neil Gainman's Neverwhere
A theory of linguistic signs
Search and protect: the process of creating great brands
Cultural impact on international branding : a case of marketing Finnish mobile phones in China
IMC, the next generation : five steps for delivering value and measuring returs using marketing communication
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
Merkkien selitys = Teckenförklaring = Explanation of symbols
How can Masterkong Instant Noodle penetrate to the Finnish market
Semiotic investigations : towards an effective semiotics
Gilera : the complete story
Hanzi shuxie rumen = Rudiments of Chinese character writing
