http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15834 incentive travel
incentive travel
This thesis introduces an incentive programme, customized for a fictive international group. The products and services used for this programme are only from suppliers operating in Eastern Uusimaa in Finland and are the members of the Premium Visit network. The supporting authority of this thesis is Porvoo Tours, for whom the incentive package will be submitted for their further use and development. The theoretical part implies the definition of incentive travel, its guidelines and limitations, as well as the current situation of this specific type of tourism in the region of Eastern Uusimaa. The empirical part consists of a description and evaluation of those suppliers, which could be reached through a survey. Semi-structured interviews with the same companies form the basis to an analysis of possibilities for product development in the region. Together with the summary, which displays the result in form of a four-day programme, further development possibilities are shown in the last chapter.
Finland as a destination for french and german incentive travel
Business travel
Business travel : conferences, incentive travel, exhibitions, corporate hospitality and corporate travel
Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism
Service quality in incentive business
Corporate travelling abroad : case: upmarket food and wine culture trips
Conference & incentive travel
The aim of this thesis was to find out whether companies organize trips and meetings mainly abroad for their customers or personnel, for promoting sales or launching new products.  In addition to this the aim of the thesis was to find out how often the trips and meetings are organised and what criteria companies use when choosing the destination and the travel organizer and whether they organize any other program during the trips or meetings.   The research was conducted as a structured interview. The companies were chosen from the Helsinki Stock Exchange Main List and altogether fifteen companies were interviewed. Out of the fifteen companies three chose to answer by e-mail and one interview was conducted over the phone. All the other interviews were conducted by the researcher personally.  As a result from the interviews it can be said that all of the companies interviewed do organize trips and meetings to a certain extend.  Further the results indicate that companies do not organize trips and meetings abroad very often and when they do they should be as short as possible. Companies also try to avoid any unnecessary business trips and try and use for example teleconferencing if possible.   The companies included in this research are not totally against the idea of a wine and food culture trip. However the trip cannot be only pleasure but it has to include an official part as well.
Incentive Tourism for international customers in Eastern Uusimaa
Abstract: Russian corporate travelling : Finland as a destination for MICE tourism.
Hotel convention sales, services, and operations
Incentive tourism for international customers in Eastrn Uusimaa
Business travel and tourism
Incentive travel in Helsinki's tourism sector
