http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15888 bartenders
bartenders
The Drop
This must be the place : memoirs of Montparnasse
The sommelier prep course : an introduction to the wines, beers, and spirits of the world
Imbibe! : from absinthe cocktail to whiskey smash, a salute in stories and drinks to "Professor" Jerry Thomas, pioneer of the American bar
"A lively, historically informed, and definitive guide to classic American cocktails. Cocktail writer and historian David Wondrich presents the colorful, little-known history of classic American drinks--and the ultimate mixologist's guide--in this engaging homage to Jerry Thomas, father of the American bar. Wondrich reveals never-before-published details and stories about this larger-than-life nineteenth-century figure, along with definitive recipes for 100 punches, cocktails, sours, fizzes, toddies, slings, and other essential drinks, plus twenty new recipes from today's top mixologists, created exclusively for this book. This colorful and good-humored volume is a must-read for anyone who appreciates the timeless appeal of a well-made drink--and the uniquely American history behind it"--Publisher description.
The deans of drink : the amazing lives & turbulent times of Harry Johnson & Harry Craddock as seen in a new light
This introduction to the history, science and varieties of alcoholic beverages is essential for today's hospitality manager. Written as a practical guide, this book helps managers understand wines, beers and spirits - from the history of alcohol to the marketing and selling of it. The user-friendly approach teaches wine by the grape, beers by the type of yeast used in fermentation, and spirits by breaking them into two categories (aged or non-aged and fruit or grain-based). This edition includes a new forward by Ken Rubin, a logical reorganization of early chapters, and material devoted to the management and marketing of beverage operations.
The Principles and practice of bar and beverage management
Cocktail culture : recipes & techniques from behind the bar
The secrets of service
World's best cocktails : 500 signature drinks from the world's best bars and bartenders
The wine, beer, & spirits handbook : a guide to styles and service
The bar book : elements of cocktail technique
Bar service : a non-technical manual for male and female bar-staff
A lively, historically informed, and definitive guide to classic American cocktails. Cocktail writer and historian David Wondrich presents the colorful, little-known history of classic American drinks--and the ultimate mixologist's guide--in this engaging homage to Jerry Thomas, father of the American bar. Wondrich reveals never-before-published details and stories about this larger-than-life nineteenth-century figure, along with definitive recipes for 100 punches, cocktails, sours, fizzes, toddies, slings, and other essential drinks, plus twenty new recipes from today's top mixologists, created exclusively for this book. This colorful and good-humored volume is a must-read for anyone who appreciates the timeless appeal of a well-made drink--and the uniquely American history behind it.
The joy of mixology
The inside man
Run to you
The hospitality manager's guide to wines, beers, and spirits
