http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15849 partnerships
partnerships
Emerging musical innovators : Eastwood Guitars
Instrumental innovators. Episode 6, Kustom Amplification
Google speaks : secrets of the world's greatest billionaire entrepreneurs, Sergey Brin and Larry Page
"In 1986, Ed Catmull co-founded Pixar, a modest start-up with an immodest goal: to make the first-ever computer animated movie. Nine years later, Pixar released Toy Story, which went on to revolutionize the industry, gross $360 million, and establish Pixar as one of the most successful, innovative, and emulated companies on earth. This book details how Catmull built an enduring creative culture -- one that doesn't just pay lip service to the importance of things like honesty, communication, and originality, but committed to them, no matter how difficult that often proved to be. As he discovered, pursuing excellence isn't a one-off assignment. It's an ongoing, day-in, day-out, full-time job. And one he was born to do"--
In this compelling memoir, Nokia's legendary CEO Jorma Ollila presents a riveting account of the inner workings of the company that created the global mobile revolution. CEO from 1992 to 2006, Ollila led Nokia from near catastrophe to become the world's leading mobile phone manufacturer. He built a company where visionary thinking and courageous decisions were combined with exceptional creativity and first-rate engineering, leading to phenomenal growth. Readers will follow Ollila's personal and professional journey, where they'll learn about the fine line between stratospheric success and disastrous failure. His stories are filled with lessons about the nature of leadership, the importance of shared values, and the need for strategic thinking.Ollila offers a uniquely clear picture of life as a CEO, with many insights into how business is conducted at the highest levels. He is especially upfront about working with his executive and management teams as well as encounters with figures such as Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and George Soros. He offers poignant as well as illuminating stories of hair-raising risks and huge successes, but also of poor judgment and bad decision-making. Against All Odds, translated into English for the first time, includes a new Epilogue to bring the reader up-to-date on Ollila's thoughts about more recent events regarding the company, up to and including their decision to sell their mobile phone business to Microsoft.
Creativity, Inc. : overcoming the unseen forces that stand in the way of true inspiration
Cases and materials on business associations : agency, partnerships, and corporations
The truth about Ikea : the secret behind the world's fifth richest man and the success of the Swedish flatpack giant
Hit men : power brokers and fast money inside the music business
The Code Napoleon, or, The French Civil Code
Business for punks
Against all odds : leading Nokia from near catastrophe to global success
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship and betrayal
The DC Comics encyclopedia : the definitive guide to the characters of the DC Universe
Becoming Steve Jobs : how a reckless upstart became a visionary leader
From a gravel pit to the far reaches of the world : the story of Larox and its founder, Mr Nuutti Vartiainen
Dreams to remember : Otis Redding, Stax Records, and the transformation of Southern soul
Motown : music, money, sex and power
Feel like going home : portraits in blues & rock'n'roll
Idea man : a memoir by the co-founder of Microsoft
Partnership governance in Finnish and English private equity limited partnerships
Instrumental innovators. The guitar tone collection
Airport and aviation security : U.S. policy and strategy in the age of global terrorism
Instrumental innovators. Episode 7, First Act
Suomalaisten kirjailijain muotokuvia Werner Söderström osakeyhtiön veistoskokoelmasta = Finska författareporträtt i Werner Söderström osakeyhtiös skulptursamling = Portraits of Finnish authors in the collections of Werner Söderström osakeyhtiö
Mutual fund manager turnover : changes in fund characteristics
Making people's music : Moe Asch and Folkways Records
Instrumental innovators. Episode 1, Paul Reed Smith
Hatching Twitter : a true story of money, power, friendship, and betrayal
Leimet 50 : from a blacksmith's workshop into a global player
The alpha masters : unlocking the genius of the world's top hedge funds
International income tax problems of partnerships = Régime fiscal international des sociétés de personnes en matière d'impôt sur le revenu = Internationale Einkommenssteuerprobleme bei Personengesellschaften = Aspectos internacionales del impuesto sobre la renta de las sociedades de personas
The half that's never been told : the real-life reggae adventures of Doctor Dread
Airline : identity, design and culture
The Sun rock box : rock'n'roll recorded by Sam Phillips 1954-1959
The taxation consequences of Scandinavian mutual fund investments and after-tax performance evaluation
The Rhino Records story : the revenge of the music nerds
I Hate The Man Who Runs This Bar! : The survival guide for real musicians
Marissa Mayer and the fight to save Yahoo!
The truth about Ikea : how to create a global brand and secretly become the world's richest man
Dylan : behind closed doors : the recording sessions (1960-1994)
Corporations, crime and accountability
Folkways records : Moses Asch and his encyclopedia of sound
Damages for non-pecuniary loss in a comparative perspective
Emerging musical innovators : Eastwood guitars
The legal framework of Finnish private equity funds : a legal study on limited partnership law and securities regulation in context
Alfred Kärcher : "a Württemberg inventor & entrepreneur" : exhibition catalogue 17.9.2009 - 7.2.2010
International who's who in popular music 2003
Respect yourself : the Stax Records story ; Stax Volt revue : live in Norway 1967.
The Everything investing in your 20s and 30s book : learn how to manage your money and start investing for your future - now!
Kone : family, company and entrepreneurship in the industrial century
Dylan : Behind closed doors : The recording sessions (1960-1994)
Business persons : a legal theory of the firm
Spinning blues into gold : Chess Records: the label that launched the blues
Corporations and criminal responsibility
Instrumental innovators. Episode 3 : Dave Smith
The RKO gals
Well done! : the common guy's guide to everyday success
All the rave : the rise and fall of Shawn Fanning's Napster
Howling at the moon : the true story of the mad genius of the music world
Instrumental innovators. Episode 3, Dave Smith
Tearing down the wall of sound : the rise and fall of Phil Spector
Piercing the corporate veil
National tax policy in Europe : to be or not to be?
Sounds and silence : travels with Manfred Eicher
The Sun country box : country music recorded by Sam Phillips 1950-1959
The Starday story : the house that country music built
Blue Note records : the biography
The role of personal contacts of foreign subsidiary managers in the coordination of industrial multinationals : the case of Finnish subsidiaries in Portugal
Red notice : how I became Putin's no. 1. enemy
Becoming Elektra : the true story of Jac Holzman's visionary record label
Nordic company law : the regulation of public companies in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden
iCon : Steve Jobs, the greatest second act in the history of business
Who killed Martin Hannett? : the story of Factory Records' musical magician
The men behind Def Jam : the radical rise of Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin
EC company law : the common denominator for business undertakings in 12 states
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Softwar : an intimate portrait of Larry Ellison and Oracle
Grinding it out : the making of McDonald's
