http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15856 Austrians
Austrians
the Silent mountain : the battle of the alps
Women of distinction : Margaret of York [and] Margaret of Austria
A crosslinguistic study of the language of space : sign and spoken languages
This book examines spatial language in sign languages (Turkish Sign Language, Croatian Sign Language, American Sign Language, and Austrian Sign Language) and spoken languages (Turkish, English, and Croatian). The book presents a novel model, the Crossmodal Spatial Language, to account for similarities and differences in these languages. The model, which consists of Spatial Representations, Reference Frames, Temporal Representations, Conceptual Structure, and Linguistic Representations, shows that the features from spatial input are not necessarily mapped on the spatial descriptions regardless of modality and language. The book reports several studies to examine the descriptions of static and dynamic spatial scenes which involve, among others, spatial relationals such as left-right, front-back, besides, in, on, to, toward, pass by, away, and cause to move. The findings suggest that language users construct a spatial relation between the objects in a given time, employ a reference frame, which may not be encoded in the message, and use the same conceptual structure consisted of BE-AT for static spatial situations and GO-BE-AT for static dynamic situations.
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Progress in sign language research : in honor of Siegmund Prillwitz = Fortschritte in der Gebärdensprachforschung : Festschrift für Siegmund Prillwitz
Musical voices of early modern women : many-headed melodies
Austrian economics : tensions and new directions
"Often regarded as the greatest German poet of the twentieth century, Rainer Maria Rilke (1875-1926) remains one of the most influential figures of European modernism. In this Companion, leading scholars offer informative and thought-provoking essays on his life and social context, his correspondence, all his major collections of poetry including most famously the Duino Elegies and Sonnets to Orpheus, and his seminal novel of Modernist anxiety, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge. Rilke's critical contexts are explored in detail: his relationship with philosophy and the visual arts, his place within modernism and his relationship to European literature, and his reception in Europe and beyond. With its invaluable guide to further reading and a chronology of Rilke's life and work, this Companion will provide an accessible, engaging account of this extraordinary poet whose legacy looms so large today"--Provided by publisher.
The concept of possession is central to human experience. Thus the variety of ways in which we can "have" diverse items such as a family, an idea, or a headache is matched by a rich array of linguistic structures. An understanding of the full range of possible structural variation requires the study of languages in both natural modalities, signed and spoken, making this volume a very timely addition to research in the target domain. This volume summarises results from a large-scale typological investigation on possession and existence in 28 sign languages around the world. It includes detailed investigations of sign language data from Venezuela, Belgium, Jordan, Uganda, Japan, Austria, Catalonia, and the US, as well as two sign languages from "deaf villages", in Bali and in Ghana. Detailed data from village communities with a high incidence of hereditary deafness offer particularly fascinating insights and have never before featured in a comparative typological study. The volume also includes the full set of elicitation materials used for data collection in this cross-linguistic study, as well as a CD/DVD with video clips illustrating examples from the sign language data.
The Times guide to the peoples of Europe
Possessive and existential construction in sign languages
The Austrians : a thousand-year odyssey
The Cambridge companion to Rilke
Austrian historical memory & national identity
Austria : a survival guide to customs and etiquette
