http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15860 Modern Latin
Modern Latin
With its striking range and penetrating depth, Brill's Encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin World traces the enduring history and broad cultural influence of Neo-Latin, the form of Latin that originated in the Italian Renaissance and persists to the modern era. Featuring original contributions by a host of distinguished international scholars, this two-volume work explores every aspect of the civilized world from literature and law to philosophy and the sciences. An invaluable resource for both the advanced scholar and the graduate student.
Dear Brother, Gracious Maecenas: Latin letters of the Gyldenstolpe Brothers (1661-1680) presents Latin letters exchanged between six sons of Michael Wexionius Gyldenstolpe, the first Professor of History and Politics at the Academy of Turku. The letters offer insights into the life of a seventeenth-century educated family; their subject matters range from learned discussion to gossip and from largerworld news to family items. The Gyldenstolpe brothers tell about their education, career search, travels, sociel networks, marriage negotiations, jobs, finances, joys and sorrows, hopes and fears. In the present volume, the letters that have been preserved in one manuscript are edited; their contents are discribed in English synopses and commented upon. The introductory chapter dicusses the language, epistolary style and conventions of Latin letter writing. The volume serves readers interested in several aspects of Swedish and Finnish history and culture in the early modern period.
Brill's encyclopaedia of the Neo-Latin world
Johannes Magnus and the composition of truth : Historia de omnibus Gothorum Sueonumque regibus
Dear Brother, Gracious Maecenas : Latin letters of the Gyldenstolpe Brothers (1661-1680)
Discourses of power : ideology and politics in Neo-Latin literature
Painting the new reality : colours in Neo-Latin
Johannes Magnus (1488–1544), the last Catholic archbishop of Uppsala to hold residence in Sweden, was the author of a monumental work about Swedish history, in the form of biographies of over 200 kings, from the grandsons of Noah to Gustavus Vasa. The work is entitled Historia de omnibus Gothorum Sueonumque regibus, the 'History of all the Kings of the Goths and the Swedes', and was published posthumously in Rome in 1554. Johannes' work gained spectacular importance in the 17th century, when the dominions of Sweden were increased through the bellicose efforts of King Gustavus II Adolphus and his successors: it became the ideological basis for Swedish patriotism and was translated into Swedish by order of the king. But when historians eventually began to ask questions about the factual accuracy of the work, they found it doubtful. Johannes was claimed to have used his imagination to invent his history, instead of having subjected his sources to critical evaluation in order to find out about the past, as was demanded by later historians. In short, the work was seen as full of invented people and events.
