http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p159 textbooks
textbooks
Case studies in government : an enquiry approach
Diagnostic studies in children with acute infections : microbes and biomarkers
History and social studies - methodologies of textbook analysis : report of the educational research workshop held in Braunschweig (Germany) 11-14 September 1990
Pathways to better writing practices in foreign language teaching : an analysis of writing exercises in an English course book used in a migrant class
Senior history
Savoir-faire : an advanced French course
Images of the other in Finnish primary school geography books
Clustering of vocabulary for different levels of Finnish learners of EFL : a content analysis on textbooks
To be or not to be : a case study of formulaic sequences in Finnish EFL texbooks for upper secondary school
The restless world 1913-63
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
Studying history : some practical suggestions
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
"If I were a textbook writer" : views of EFL textbooks held by Finnish comprehensive school pupils
Calculus with applications
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
Culture and kultur - what is the difference, or is there any? : a comparative analysis of cultural content in English and Swedish textbook series for upper secondary school
The balancing act of teaching : a comparison between EFL teachers' views and a textbook analysis of the role of perceptual learning styles in Finnish 3rd grade EFL textbooks
Ireland : from the earliest times to A.D. 800
Drawing on the right side of the brain : a course in enhancing creativity and artistic confidence
Practical guide to reading Finnish
Text materials in modern education : a comprehensive theory and platform for research
Finnish upper secondary school EFL teachers' satisfaction with current textbooks
Chemistry : As Level and A Level
The news. Courses 5-6, Exercises
Finnish : an essential grammar
Life. B1+ : Intermediate
Splanchnic metabolism and blood flow in man : PET studies with reference to obesity and diabetes
Community-acquired pneumonia in adult patients with special reference to rapid methods for etiological diagnosis
The story of Africa : from the earliest times. Bk 1
Elements of visual design in the landscape
'Minna, the Model' and other stories : gender roles in an English textbook series for Finnish lower secondary schools
Then and now : a history for natal schools : standard eight
Intermediate European history
Business friend's guide. 3
The language of schooling : a functional linguistics perspective
Caesar to Churchill. Book 4, The years of fulfilment (1783-1965)
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
Business studies : AS and A level
Integrated principles of zoology
Slim John : English by television. 1, television englannin kurssin oppitunnit 1-13
Physics for scientists and engineers
History around us
Painless English : terveydenhuoltoalan englantia. 1, Texts & exercises
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Fifth book of lessons for the use of schools
Juta's junior certificate history course : stds. VII & VIII
British history for secondary schools. Book 5, 1815 to the present day
Survey sampling reference guidelines : introduction to sample design and estimation techniques
Basic Cantonese : a grammar and workbook
Text-based intervention concerning photosynthesis in content and language integrated learning
The valuable textbooks : a study on relationship values and attitudes in an EFL-textbook series
Presentation of cultural information about the UK : textbooks of English from primary school to upper secondary school
Intermediate Irish history
Tropical Africa in world history. 4, The modern world
A primary history for Uganda
A dictionary of colour : a lexicon of the language of colour
Ecology discovery activities kit : a complete teaching unit for grades 4-8
Tropical Africa in world history. 3, Africa in modern history after 1800
Words, phrases and sentences : a comparison of writing activities and tasks in textbook series of English and Swedish for grades 7 to 9
The story of Uganda
Grammar instruction in Finnish upper secondary school EFL textbooks
"In Tyranny of the Textbook, a retired educational director, gives a fascinating look behind-the-scenes of how K-12 textbooks are developed, written, adopted, and sold. Readers will come to understand why all the reform efforts have failed. Most importantly, the author clearly spells out how the system can change so that reforms and standards have a shot at finally being effective".
Eleven short stories
Pictorial history. Book 4, A simple account of people and things from the reign of George III to the present day
A history course for junior secondary schools in Nigeria. Bk 1
Say it in English. 4, Workbook : Lessons 27 A-42E : Pages 69-108
Diversities and interculturality in textbooks : Finland as an example
Discourses of minorities in English textbooks of the upper level of comprehensive school
From Napoleon to Hitler : a reference book
Finnish summary.
Outcomes : intermediate ; student's book
Graphic design : the new basics
Ferment and change
Practice first : basic grammar for business
The birth of modern Ireland
Early European history. Part 2, Medieval and early modern times
Venous thromboembolism and obstruction after pacemaker implantation : a prospective study of 150 consecutive cardiac pacing implantations
A history of West Africa : A.D. 1,000 to the present day : notes, topics, lectures, essays, questions and model answers : for the school certificate and G C E
Mechanical engineering principles
Issues in curriculum : a selection of chapters from past NSSE yearbooks : ninety-eight yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education, part 2
"No better, no worse - but definitely different" : the presentation of target cultures in two English textbook-series for Finnish secondary school children
History of the West Indian peoples. Book 4, Eighteenth century to modern times
"Exercise Was Just a Way Modifying My Body." : Exercise Dependence and Orthorexia among Students in Kainuu Region: A Quantitative Study
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Text-linguistic features in Finnish and Anglo-American textbooks and textbook translations
Late mortality and cardiovascular morbidity after cancer at a young age in Finland
English pronunciation teaching in Finland
That's what Dad says, anyway : gender representations in Key English textbooks
Cardiovascular health and fitness after childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia
Stories from Uganda history
People in history : from Caractacus to Alexander Fleming
Harry Potter and the chamber of secrets
Queen Anne to Queen Elizabeth II
Japan in modern history : junior high school
Looking for Alaska
Tympanometry and spectral gradient acoustic reflectometry in the diagnosis of otitis media in young children
The raven boys
Tropical Africa in world history. 1, The foundations of modern history
The Japanese stage-step course : writing practise e-book
Celts and Normans
Adinopectin and leptin and their associations with cardiovascular risk factors and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in young adults : the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Fact and fun : exercises. 1-3
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Animal growth and development
India and the world
The amulet of Samarkand
History for young Scots. Book 2, From the union of 1707 to the present day
Fact and fun : exercises. 4-6
Time for English. 2, Opettajan ohjekirja
The Feynman lectures on physics. Vol. 1, Mainly mechanics, radiation, and heat
Read and practise
Assignment geography : structured exercises in human geography
Selling the invisible : a field guide to modern marketing
Europe in the nineteenth century
Taking it a tad further : comparing English and Swedish course materials in terms of presenting prosody and accent variation
Australian people
'Practice makes perfect' : learning to learn in secondary school EFL textbooks
Days with Dick
Instructor's manual to accompany Vector mechanics for engineers : dynamics
The Renaissance and the Reformation : a textbook of European history 1494-1610
Introductory astronomy and astrophysics
Historian's handbook : a key to the study and writing of history
Thousands of words : a comparative study on the functions of pictorial illustrations in English language textbooks
Teaching grammar in grades 7 through 9 : an analysis of English and Swedish L2 textbooks
Conquest and colonisation
The Golem's eye
Pragmatics exercises and pragmatic metalanguage in English United textbook series for Finnish upper secondary school
Thou shalt not write about... : a study of taboo content in Finnish EFL textbooks for upper secondary school
Europe and South Africa : a history for South African high schools
New illustrated history : standard VII : with exercises for oral work, home work, tests and examinations
The encyclopedia of political thought
In touch. Course 2, Been there, done that
Ireland : from A.D. 800 to A.D. 1600
Life. B1: Pre-intermediate
Vector mechanics for engineers.. Dynamics
Ancient India : a textbook of history for middle schools
Deutsche Lieder für Schulen ; English songs for schools
Relativization in Scottish standard English: a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Presentation of the American culture in EFL textbooks : an analysis of the cultural content of Finnish EFL textbooks for secondary and upper secondary education
Derivation in Finnish upper secondary school English L2 textbooks
The role of the learner and the way language is portrayed in the exercises of English and Swedish textbooks for adults
Students' African guide
Discerning cultural depictions and mistakes in Kafe Piter, a Russian language textbook for Finnish students
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Colloquial English : a complete English language course
Companion book to today and yesterday : questions, notes on authors etc. and vocabulary
Write in style : a guide to good English
In other words : a coursebook on translation
Song of Väinämöinen : language of Finland : an introduction to Finnish language
The age of revolutions
Practicing oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school EFL textbooks
Say it in English. 4, Workbook : Lessons 1A-26C : Pages 1-68
Geography : people and places in a changing world
The story of modern Europe from the 1870 to the present day
From start to Finnish : a short course in Finnish : lisämateriaalia opettajalle
A history course for junior secondary schools in Nigeria. Bk 3
French For dummies
Outcomes: upper intermediate ; student's book
Steps in America : textbook
New headway: upper-intermediate student's book. Part B , units 7-12
A general history of Europe : (350-1900).. Part 2, (150-1900)
Precalculus : based on Schaum's Outline of precalculus by Fred Safier
Nonverbal communication
History for young Scots. Book 1, From the earliest times to the union of 1707
The first wheezing episode in small children : virus etiology, clinical characteristics and one-year outcome
Modus novus : Lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = Studies in reading atonal melodies
Colloquial Thai : the complete course for beginners
A Hanbook of English grammar for Finnish learners
Psychology : the science of behaviour
A text book history of West Africa : A.D. 1000 to the present day
Pictorial history. Book 3, A simple account of people and things from the time of the Tudors to the end of the reign of George II
Social studies for second year high school
American sign language : a teacher×s resource text on grammar and culture
Relativization in Scottish standard English : a corpus-based study on newspaper language
Optimal schedule for home blood pressure measurements and clinical significance of the variability in home-measured blood pressure and heart rate
History book. Bk 1, Africa in the ancient world
Europe and the world, 1300-1763
Today and yesterday : a British-American reader
A history of Scotland for schools. Book 1, From the earliest times to 1747
Common Entrance History Notes. Pt 2
The news. Courses 7-8, Exercises
The legacy of the past : a history for standard eight
A visual history of the West Indies
European history. Part 3, Modern times
History book. Bk 2, Africa from the rise of Islam to the end of slave trade
Our country - India
A world of weater : fundamentals of meteorology : a text/laboratory manual
Breadwinners, sportsmen and conforming girls : representations of gender in Finnish EFL textbooks
Tropical Africa in world history. 2, The growth of Europe and the British empire
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Anthropology : the cultural perspective
Cardiovascular health from childhood to adulthood : with special reference to early vascular changes : The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
Tyranny of the textbook : an insider exposes how educational materials undermine reforms
Russian : a self-teaching guide
A history of West Africa : for schools and colleges
Gateway to engineering english : opettajan opas
Africa : past and present
The story of Africa : from the earliest times. Bk 2
An outline of Nigerian history
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Modern times (from 1760)
Japan in modern history : primary school
Steps into English. 1
