http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15933 child policy
child policy
Early childhood development in Albania
International perspectives on research in early childhood education
Exploring human traffiking as a public health and 'glocal' issue : future considerations and a plea for Finnish society to take action
Summary in Russian.
Children
Cash-for-childcare : the consequences for caring mothers
China's one-child policy and multiple caregiving : raising little suns in Xiamen
The diverse impacts of the neoliberal social policies on children's welfare and social work with young people : the Finnish perspective
Constituting families: a study in governance : United Kingdom Association for Legal and Social philosophy, 19. annual conference at Cardiff, April, 1993
Children in the Muslim Middle East
Children and society : children's attitudes to politics and power
Transnational adoption in China and flexible citizenship : China's one-child policy, transnational adoption and the rise of flexible kinship systems
Promoting evidence-based practice in early childhood education : research and its implications
Summary: Children's politics and the birth of childhood.
Family policies in the context of family change : the Nordic countries in comparative perspective
Nordic childhoods and early education : philosophy, research, policy and practice in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden
The failed century of the child : governing America's young in the twentieth century
From child welfare to child well-being : an international perspective on knowledge in the service of policy making
This unique volume is an outstanding tribute to Al Kahn one of the most influential researchers on children welfare in the 20th century and an impressive collection of 23 chapters written by leading researchers in the field. The book provides an exceptional opportunity to experience the history of the last 50 years of child welfare as well as its current status and future. The book chapters take us through the movement, from a deficit-oriented policy to a developmental model, from a targeted and selective strategy to a universal approach, from child welfare to child well being. Chapters contributed by world renowned experts from 6 countries and 4 continents, are organized in 5 clusters. The first one, which includes Al Kahn last written contribution to the field, looks at how children and families have changed over time as did the research on their well being. The next cluster of chapters focuses specifically on the traditional child welfare system. Following are several chapters on different theoretical perspectives in children welfare and well being. The fourth cluster of chapters focus on economic support for child and family well-being. Finally, the last cluster of chapters advance the agenda moving toward discussion of child well being. This book is a must for anyone interested in children welfare and well being in research, practice, advocacy and policy making arenas.
Population, family, and welfare : a comparative survey of European attitudes. Vol. 2
Family support : linking project evaluation to policy analysis
Safeguarding childhood : early intervention and surveillance in a late modern society
Children's services : shaping up for the millennium : supporting children and families in the UK and Scandinavia
Child welfare and social policy : an essential reader
International perspectives and empirical findings on child participation : from social exclusion to child-inclusive policies
Child well-being, child poverty and child policy in modern nations : what do we know ?
Summary and conclusion (s. 142-143).
Constructing childhood : theory, policy and social practice
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Social work and child welfare politics : through Nordic lenses
Child care as an issue of equality and equity : the example of the Nordic countires
Child protection : risk and the moral order
Children, families and social exclusion : new approaches to prevention
Promoting children's welfare in the Nordic countries
Global childhoods : globalization, development and young people
Child protection systems : international trends and orientations
The politics of German child welfare from the empire to the Federal Republic
Social policy for children & families : a risk and resilience perspective
The politics of childhood : international perspectives, contemporary developments
Who cares for America's children? : child care policy for the 1990s
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Children in Europe
Growing up in Europe : contemporary horizons in childhood and youth studies
The media, social science, and social policy for children
Children and global conflict
Contesting childhood
Citizens, families, and reform
This insightful book examines the meaning of, and impacts on, cash-for-care systems for mothers of small children. The contributors present a comprehensive overview of the major political and economic contradictions, theoretical debates concerning cash-for-care, and explore the possibility of implementing it into the social policy system. In social research, cash-for-care is often described as a reactionary benefit that operates against the women's interests. Economists, in turn, ask why the state should pay for reducing female employment and for care that is given anyway. Nevertheless, 'woman-friendly' Nordic countries have introduced cash-for-childcare schemes and many parents are willing to use them. The book examines the payment schemes as a complex whole, where on the one hand the scheme responds to the parents' desires, but on the other, produces some questionable consequences. The authors highlight conditions in which cash-for-childcare schemes would not reflect any anachronism but instead will function as a useful tool of contemporary social policy. This unique book provides a broad theoretical and empirical view on cash for childcare. It will prove invaluable for academics of social work and policy. Politicians, social policy administrators and labour market researchers interested in family issues will also find this important resource an enriching read.
Midnight's children
Children of glasnost : growing up Soviet
The politics of child support in America
American childhood : a research guide and historical handbook
20 years of making babies that were never born : Japanese family friendly policies for the diminishing social ideal
Why we need a new welfare state
Childhood lost : how American culture is failing our kids
A Finland fit for children : the national Finnish plan of action called for by the Special Session on Children of the UN General Assembly
Love's uncertainty : the politics and ethics of child rearing in contemporary China
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Children and the politics of culture
Critical geographies of childhood and youth
The missing child in liberal theory : towards a covenant theory of family, community, welfare, and the civic state
Accounting for the persistence of widespread child labour amidst high economic growth in post-1991 economic reform India including a case study of Karur District, Tamil Nadu
Deaf around the world : the impact of language
European childhoods : cultures, politics and childhoods in Europe
Selfish and prospective : theory and evidence of pocketbook voting
Children, changing families and welfare states
Inventory of projects regarding families and children co-financed by the European Commission from 1993 to 1997
Child welfare : historical dimensions, contemporary debate
Children and social policy
The Finnish government's child and youth policy programme 2007-2011
'Childhood' in 'crisis'?
International journal of child and family welfare : an official publication of the European Scientific Association for Residential and Foster Care for Children and Adolescents
Children in poverty : child development and public policy
IDEA requirements for preschoolers with disabilities : IDEA early childhood policy and practice guide
Coping with population challenges
Children's rights on Finland's agenda : annual report of the Ombudsman for children 2010.
Childhood, youth and migration : connecting global and local perspectives
Discovering child poverty : the creation of a policy agenda from 1800 to the present
The development of children and family policy in Estonia from 1945 to 2000.
Family support : direction from diversity
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Sociology and social policy for the early years
Children of the Russian state : 1917-95
Casework in child care
Understanding children's social care : politics, policy and practice
Caring for children and older people - a comparison of European policies and practices
The politics of parental leave policies : children, parenting, gender and the labour market
Encyclopedia of children and childhood : in history and society. Volume 2 F-R
Encyclopedia of children and childhood : in history and society. Volume 1 A-E
The politics of childhoods real and imagined. Volume 2, Practical application of critical realism and childhood studies
Doing better for children
Childhood : changing contexts
China's one-child family policy
A new regime of governing childhood? : Finland as an example
The French obsession with population has roots in the old regime, when the French state used its power to convince French men and women to marry and procreate large families. Drawing on archival research, Tuttle explores the interactions of men, women, and officials all vying for control of the reproductive process.
Children and social security
The origins of active social policy : labour market and childcare policies in a comparative perspective
From children's services to children's spaces : public policy, children and childhood
Summary.
Families in struggle : child mental health and family well-being in Finland during the economic recession of the 1990s : the importance of parenting
Children in the political system : origins of political legitimacy
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Street children and services : a qualitative study of street children in the context of service delivery system in Bangladesh
Conceiving the old regime : pronatalism and the politics of reproduction in early modern France
Women, power and policy : comparative studies of childcare
Children taken seriously : in theory, policy and practice
Family and child policy in Russia : new clothes for the new emperor?
Intercountry adoption : policies, practices, and outcomes
This book shows the different ways in which migration matters in the context of global and local childhood and youth. Furthermore, it highlights that childhood, youth and migration as well as local and global perspectives need to be thought and analyzed together, to address the significant dimensions of social inequality in the context of growing up. Migration as a phenomenon is most often motivated by the search for a better life. Very often children and young people, migrating alone or together with their families, migrate to ameliorate their own or others' living conditions and seize opportunities for realizing a good life. Today as well as in the past this search for a better life is very often triggered by socio-economic reasons, war or terrorism. Against the backdrop of the topic raised above the book deals with children and young people's own perspective in countries of migration. It promotes the idea of connecting global and local issues of childhood and youth with a special focus on questions of education. It studies questions of global and local living and highlights living circumstances shaped by patterns of migration and mobility.
A Finland fit for children : the National Finnish Plan of Action called for the special session on children of the UN General Assembly
By exploring existing material on the human trafficking phenomenon, this article aims to build a rationale for future research and development on human trafficking issues. The scope of this study is placed within the context of public health and highlights child trafficking. The qualitative data analysis software ATLAS.ti 6.2 is utilized to sketch a conceptual network of human trafficking issues. A coding scheme was planned and administered where specific terms were chosen for analysis. The aim of this study is to explore the phenomenon of exploitation and human trafficking and learn the ways in which it is addressed in the context of public health. Examples of existing action against human trafficking are discussed especially in the light of child trafficking. Global partnerships will also be discussed in terms of how they fit within the UN Millennium Goal of 2015. Considerations for future action for both local Finnish society as well as South Asian society will be addressed. The preliminary findings presented suggest that the human trafficking phenomenon is multi-faceted and should be understood as a 'glocal', intertwined public health issue..
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
We present and test a theory of prospective and retrospective pocketbook voting. Focusing on two large reforms in Sweden, we establish a causal chain from policies to sizeable individual gains and losses and then to voting. The Social Democrats proposed budget cuts affecting parents with young children before the 1994 election, but made generous promises to the same group before the 1998 election. Since parents with older children were largely unaffected we use a differenceindifferences strategy for identification. We find clear evidence of prospective pocketbook voting. Voters respond to campaign promises but not to the later implementation of the reforms.
The politics of child daycare in Britain
Enhancing partnerships towards effective strategies on DDRR : proceedings of the second national consultation workshop on the use of child soldiers in the Philippines : 09-12 November 2003, Lauremar Beach Hotel Opol, Misamis Oriental
The handbook of children's rights : comparative policy and practice
Mind, society and behavior
