http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1590 spelman music
spelman music
Aural thinking in Norway : performance and communication with the hardingfele
Cosmic meltdown. vol. 1
The Näppäri method
Economy class
Jouhikko : The bowed lyre
Stemmasoittoa viululla = Harmony parts for Finnish fiddle music
Southern journey. Volume 7, Ozark frontier : Ballads and old-timey music from Arkansas
English summary: Music and identity at grassroots level : analysis of caterogy-work of an amateur musicians group.
In the heart of a waking dream
"Do not dance to the screeching, insidious accordions. Burn them"
Essence : musique suédoise = Swedish music
Mademoiselle, voulez-vous danser? : Franco-American music from the New England borderlands
Fiddling for Norway : revival and identity
Family traditions - passed on vocally and instrumentally
The Sligo indians
Stemmasoittoa viululla : harmony parts for finnish fiddle music
Southern journey. Volume 2, Ballads and breakdowns : Songs from the southern mountains
To welcome Paddy home
Southern journey. Volume 7 : Ozark frontier
Southern journey. Volume 1 : Voices from the American South
Black Appalachia : string bands, songsters and hoedowns
Bundle and go
Pelti polskia laulaa : kansanmusiikkia blueshuuliharpulla = Finnish polska on the blues harp
My wild Irish vegetables
Black Texicans : balladeers and songsters of the Texas frontier
The Nordic fiddler : [for violin and piano with optional violin accompaniment, easy violin and guitar]
Tauno Krossin kaksiriviskirja : The melodeon book of Tauno Krossi
Fiddling it all back home
Scandinavian songbook : For piano and accordion
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2012
Stemmasoittoa viululla : harmony parts for Finnish fiddle music
In search of the philosopher's stone / YL:n Hyytiälän Pelimiehet
Over seas
Arctic paradise : contemporary folk music from Finland 2010
Ashokan farewell ; Beautiful dreamer : songs of Stephen Foster
Issues in the conceptualization of music
Southern journey. Volume 2 : Ballads and breakdowns
The crooked stovepipe : Athapaskan fiddle music and square dancing in Northeast Alaska and Northwest Canada
Kaustinen folk music festival
