http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15971 sales work
sales work
The sales manager's success manual
Evaluation of the KONE CRM tool and recommendations to facilitate and harmonize its usage and perception by the sales force
How to read a client from across the room : win more business with the proven character code system to decode verbal and nonverbal communication
Sales management : theory and practice
Improve performance through self-awareness and relationships. Mattson and Seidman, C-level executives at Sandler Training, a world leader in sales training, focus readers on the 11 core principles that can reshape identity and promote professional growth. The Sandler System reveals the insights necessary to shift your own beliefs, behaviors, and attitudes to match those of the highest-earning, most successful sales representatives.
"The Collaborative Sale guides sales professionals toward alignment with buyers, by helping them overcome their problems and challenges, and creating value"-- Provided by publisher.
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 3.
Sales force management : leadership, innovation, technology
Successful selling in a week
Joe Girard's 13 essential rules of selling : how to be a top achiever and lead a great life
Actively crafting customer value or merely representing a solution : linking value-based selling to salesperson performance
Changing the sales conversation : connect, collaborate, close
Can I have 5 minutes of your time? : a no-nonsense, fun approach to sales from xerox's former #1 salesperson
Customer satisfaction research : case: Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Selling to Sweden Case: SW-Development Ltd.
Smarter selling : how to grow sales by building trusted relationships
How to sell anything to anybody
Leading the sales force : a dynamic management process
Agile selling : getting up to speed quickly in today's ever-changing sales world
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 2.
Fire your sales team today : then rehire them as sales guides in your new revenue department
The invisible sale : how to build a digitally powered marketing and sales system to better prospect, qualify and close leads
Professional dining room management
Predictable revenue : turn your business into a sales machine with the $100 million best practices of Salesforce.com
Seven steps to success for sales managers : a strategic guide to creating a winning sales team through collaboration
The collaborative sale : solution selling in a buyer-driven world
Luxury sales force management : strategies for winning over your brand ambassadors
Art Sobczak's proven, never-experience-rejection-again system. Now in an updated 2nd Edition , it offers even smarter tips and techniques for prospecting new business while minimizing fear and rejection. While other books on cold calling dispense long-perpetuated myths such "prospecting is a numbers game," and salespeople need to "love rejection," this book will empower readers to take action, call prospects, and get a yes every time. Updated information reflects changes and advances in the information gathering that comprises the "smart" part of the calling Further enhances the value and credibility of the book by including more actual examples and success stories from readers and users of the first version Author Art Sobczak's monthly Prospecting and Selling Report newsletter (the longest-running publication of its type) reaches 15,000 readers, and Smart Calling continues to rank in the Top 20 in the Sales books category on amazon.com and has sold over 20,000 copies Conquer your fears and master the art of the cold calling through the genius of Smart Calling, 2nd Edition .
More proactive sales management : avoid mistakes even great sales managers make - and get extraordinary results
When buyers say no : essential strategies for keeping a sale moving forward
Selling for dummies
ABC's of relationship selling through service
The new strategic selling : the unique sales system proven successful by the world's best companies
The Art of selling value: how to win the sale (and keep customers happy) when you can ́t compete on price
Rethinking sales management : a strategic guide for practitioners
Brilliant selling
Jolles draws on his successful sales background and decades of research to lay out a simple, predictable, and ethical process that will enable you to lead others to discover for themselves what and why they need to change.
World class selling : new sales competencies
Zero to hero : seven steps to revolutionize your sales
Achieving a strategic sales focus : contemporary issues and future challenges
Guerrilla profits : 10 powerful strategies to increase cashflow, boost earnings & get more business
Inspire me - Inspire yourself : and bank the results. Osa 1.
"The Customer Service Activity Book offers 50 dynamic, engaging exercises to help customer relations professionals provide remarkable service experiences over and over, building the customer loyalty and word-of-mouth that drive profits."--P. 4 de couv.
Selling quality at Laatukoru Oy: Introduction to Swiss watches
"Power pitching" : "secrets to empower your speeches and presentations"
The art of closing the sale : the key to making more money faster in the world of professional selling
Winning new business : essential selling skills for non-sales people
The objectives of the research were to identify and describe the ongoing processes as they were at the moment, and to provide insight on how to develop these processes. The research covers the first stage of the three stage process development of the Business Information Services. Findings create a base line for the stages 2 and 3; otherwise these stages are not covered by this research. The second stage's objective will be to create clear individual description for the processes and modify existing information and other documents to suit the processes. The objective of the third stage is to conduct the actual process development. The research also provides suggestions on how to develop individual functions inside the process. The theoretical framework was based on literature about process management and development on sales organisation. Most of the theory is based on authors Kai Laamanen,  Jouko Hannus, Olli Lecklin, and Hans-Henry Kvist. These authors have a broad understanding of Finnish organisational process management. The study was executed in the form of two group interviews, or workshops in a basis of an action research method. The researcher and three other sales team members formed the target group, which was used for the data collection. In addition to workshops the data was collected by interviewing the sales director of the Business Information Services to ensure that the collected data was coherent with all interviewees. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results revealed a clear and simple sales process map that describes the ongoing processes inside the sales unit. The results also indicated that there was another significant process that has not been described before. This was the customer relationship management process. It was seen important to include this process to sales unit processes to clearly separate the new sales functions from customer relationship management. In conclusion, a continuous process development model, which is modified from Kvist et al. (1995,64) process development model, should be used. This ensures that the development is done effectively and continuously. Advantages of the effective process management are quicker response to market changes, flexibility, better risk management, and ability to decrease cost by cutting the amount of unnecessary functions. These create a major advantage point against rivals that either are more functional or have poorly designed processes.
Knock your socks off prospecting : how to cold call, get qualified leads, and make more money
How to change minds : the art of influence without manipulation
The influence of optics on the sales process : case StreamTest
You can sell anything you want and targets are always achievable - Brilliant Selling will show you how. Whether you're new to selling or want to take yourself to the next level, this bestelling, and definitive guide will show you how to instantly improve your sales performance.
Cracking the sales management code : the secrets to measuring and managing sales performance
Secrets of power persuasion for salespeople
Start your own business 2011
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
Analyzing the telesales strategies and identifying possibilities for improvement : the case of Sanoma Magazines Finland Oy
Smarter selling : Next generation sales strategies to meet your buyer's needs - every time
Make the sale happen before lunch : 50 cut-to-the-chase strategies for getting the business results you want
Creating sales team excellence : key strategies for hiring and developing top performers
Be different or be dead : your business survival guide
Customer relationship management: concepts and technologies
Smart calling : eliminate the fear, failure, and rejection from cold calling
Secrets of power negotiating for salespeople : inside secrets from a master negotiator
Malcolm McDonald on marketing planning : understanding marketing plans and strategy
Sales genius : 40 insights from the science of selling
World class selling : the complete selling process
Sandler success principles : 11 insights that will change the way you think and sell
Open question selling : unlock your customer's needs to close the sale ... by knowing what to ask and when to ask
Up your service! : strategies and action steps to delight your customers now!
Selling secrets : the experts tell all!
Up your service! : great ideas : tools, tips and proven techniques to lift your service higher
This thesis was commissioned by a Finnish banking company, Alexandria Pankkiiriliike Oyj. The aim of the research was to find out the customer satisfaction level among the customers who had not closed a deal in a meeting. The aim was also to find out the level of proficiency of Alexandria's financial advisors and how the service quality and the selling process could be improved. The theoretical framework of the research was formed on the basis of literature related to customer satisfaction and service quality. The central concepts were customer satisfaction, perceived service quality and selling process. The empirical part of the research was conducted as a qualitative research supplemented by some typical features of quantitative research in order to gain all the information needed. The research method was chosen to be phone interviews. The target group of thirty persons was being selected from the customer's who had visited Alexandria's office in Helsinki between 1.11.-31.12-2009 and 15.2.-15.4.2010 but had not closed a deal in the meeting. There were also some other criteria that had to be met, such as the monthly income and the ability to save at least a certain amount of money monthly. Alexandria provided their data base to be used to find the contact and back ground information of the customers. A total of thirty interviews were conducted, but one needed to be disqualified since the respondent refused to answer to one section of the research questionnaire. The research findings in general revealed that the customer satisfaction level at Alexandria Banking Company is relatively high. This is because all the interviewees had not closed the deal and it could have been expected that more unsatisfied customers had been found. It seems that Alexandria's main concern does not lie in its advisors' competence level or in one larger area but in many small things. The main processes of the company seem to be working well, but it would be wise to consider the suggested small details in the selling process to gain even a better customer satisfaction level.
Nobody told me I'd have to sell : how to sell your services and skills, even if you're not in sales
The new era of salesmanship : bringing the art of selling  into the 21st century
Strategic sales process adaptation : relationship orientation of the sales process in a business-to-business context
Perspectives on increasing sales
Discover questions get you connected. Volume 1, For professional sellers
The sales processes of the business information services of Kauppalehti Oy
Maximizing hospitality sales : how to sell hotels, venues and conference centres
How to close every sale
Elements of persuasion : use storytelling to pitch better, sell faster & win more business
100 great sales ideas from leading companies around the world
Leading your sales team : how to manage winning sales team
Great selling skills : how to sell anything to anyone
How to say it : creating complete customer satisfaction : winning words, phrases, and strategies to build lasting relationships in sales and service
PROPOSAL FOR STRATEGIZING THE SALES ORGANIZATION : Improving the current sales performance of MHG Tracking service in Russia
Outlaw : fight for your customers & sell without fear
Delivery capability in rapid productisation
Power selling : seven strategies for cracking the sales code
Sales management and organisation
Selling today : creating customer value
"Powerful strategies for sales proficiency in ever-changing situations. When sales people are promoted, change jobs, or face new business environments, they inevitably need to learn new skills quickly. Their livelihoods depend on getting up to speed quickly; their bosses have no patience for delayed results. Sales guru Jill Konrath offers both new and experienced salespeople a plan for rapidly absorbing new information and mastering new skills by becoming agile sellers. Readers will learn the mindsets, learning strategies and habits that they can use in crazy-busy times to start strong and stay nimble. From time management tools to personal motivation and resilience strategies, Konrath teaches sellers how to get more done in less time, regardless of the environment. Readers who loved the no-nonsense advice in Konrath's SNAP Selling and Selling to Big Companies will find The Agile Seller equally valuable"--
Sales training basics
The Sandler rules : forty-nine timeless selling principles... and how to apply them
How to Become a Rainmaker: the rules for getting and keeping customers and clients
Selling when no one is buying : growing prospects, clients, and sales in tough economic times
The secrets of successful sales management
Hyper sales growth : street-proven systems & processes : how to grow quickly & profitably
Handbook for sales departments in international business, case: SOL
Sales management : shaping future sales leaders
Let us boost your business : how to improve your results in tough times
The B2B sales revolution : how the buying revolution is making traditional sales techniques ineffective and what you can do about it
The science of selling : proven strategies to make your pitch, influence decisions, and close the deal
Principled selling : how to win more business without selling your soul
BSF, new method in sales management
Churchill/Ford/Walker's sales force management
Selling : building partnerships
Sales channel and area for field production : case: FutuVision
Red-hot cold call selling : prospecting techniques that really pay off
Retail therapy : making strategic relationships work
The customer service activity book : 50 activities for inspiring exceptional service
The sales leader's problem solver : practical solutions to conquer management mess-ups, handle difficult sales reps, and make the most of every opportunity
Examines the selling principles of David Sandler and explains how they can be used by modern salespeople to find new opportunities, close sales, and promote their products.
Power sales writing : using communication to turn prospects into clients
Benchmarking Websites and Sales Tools : Case ABB Motors
Selling is tougher than ever before. Potential customers are under extreme pressure to do more with less money, less time, and fewer resources, and they're wary of anyone who tries to get them to buy or change anything. Under such extreme conditions, yesterday's sales strategies no longer work. No matter how great your offering, you face the daunting task of making yourself appear credible, relevant, and valuable. Now, internationally recognized sales strategist Jill Konrath shows how to overcome these obstacles to get more appointments, speed up decisions, and win sales with these short-fused, frazzled customers. Drawing on her years of selling experience, as well as the stories of other successful sellers, she offers four SNAP Rules: Keep it Simple: When you make things easy and clear for your customers, they'll change from the status quo; Be iNvaluable: You have to stand out by being the person your customers can't live without; Always Align: To be relevant, make sure you're in synch with your customers' objectives, issues, and needs; Raise Priorities: To maintain momentum, keep the most important decisions at the forefront of their mind. -- From publisher description.
The sell : the secrets of selling anything to anyone
Selling today : partnering to create value
How to sell with NLP : the powerful way to guarantee your sales success
The principles of salesmanship, deportment and system : a text-book for department store service
Increasing sales orientation in a customer center environment: case study: Fortum Oyj
Correlation between Marketing Communication Tools and Business Performance Variables : Charles River Discovery Services Finland Case Study
The principles of salesmanship, deportment and system : a text-book for department store service. Designed as a manual for use in the class room, for home study, and for reference
The sales team can often make or break the success of new brands or products. This comprehensive guide provides strategies, models and checklists to help managers and directors strengthen the relationships of their firm's sales force with their own or other brands, maximizing turnover and profit in the long run.
From selling to ease of purchasing : a sales study, case company X Inc
Selling for the long run : build lasting customer relationships for breakthrough results
The Art of the sale: learning from the masters about the business of life
Increasing the profitability of the dealer networkcase : Brunswick Marine in Finland and The Baltic States Oy /
Creating a sales support guide for Hewlett Packard sales reps
Women, work and family in Britain and Germany
Characteristics, aptitude and skill levels of a good B2M salesman in the Finnish lighting business
The 100 greatest sales ideas of all time
Sales closing for dummies
Most people know selling is much more difficult than it was just a few years ago. But do you know what you can do to grow your sales in today's tougher market? Getting Into Your Customer's Head provides the answer. This book will help you anticipate buyers' thoughts and feelings so you can stay in step with them - which is one giant step ahead of your competition. Getting Into Your Customer's Head will help you increase sales by matching new selling techniques to today's tougher buying behavior. Kevin Davis presents eight unique selling roles and a clear plan of action needed for each step of the sale. The student, doctor, architect, coach, therapist, negotiator, teacher, and farmer roles all have specific techniques for moving you and your customer smoothly through the buying process. For example, the student role shows you how change affects your customers and how you can use this knowledge to open closed doors. The doctor diagnoses "little problems" and uncovers "big needs." The architect designs customer-focused solutions that lock out competition. Kevin's advice will sharpen your competitive selling skills. Techniques such as finding the "power broker" (the real decision maker) in a complex sale provide valuable tools for selling smart and winning the sale. Getting Into Your Customer's Head teaches you how you can prevent customers from defecting to the competition with new techniques that build customer loyalty. And the "No Tricks" method of negotiating shows you how to win profitable agreements without cutting price.
Sales management : strategy, process and practice / Javier Marcos Cuevas, Bill Donaldson, Régis Lemmens
Literature review of research on personal selling : A content analysis of scientific articles in 1997-2006
High trust selling : make more money in less time with less stress
Keep it simple, stupid : Secrets of face-to-face selling
Turn clicks into customers : proven marketing techniques for converting online traffic into revenue
Beautiful selling : the complete guide to sales success in the salon
Presentation thinking and design : create better presentations, quicker
The power of positive selling : 30 surefire techniques to win new clients, boost your commission, and build the mindset for success
GSSI Conference 2012 : proceedings from the Global Sales Science Institute Conference 2012
Selling in tough times : secrets to selling when no one is buying
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Essential managers : Selling
Analysis of competencies of sales personnel of banking sector in Pakistan
The objective of this thesis was to create a sales guide for the internal use of Hewlett Packard. The guide was needed to ensure a smooth cooperation between the sales personnel and the staff at Sales Operations, a part of the organisation that offers services to the sales personnel to help them in their work. The idea for such a guide surfaced from the discussions held within the Special Pricing team.  First a plan was made for the creation of such a guide. After the planning phase it was time to implement the plan. First according to the plan, information was gathered from the company intranet. Next a series of interviews was conducted and data gathered from both the intranet and the interviews was used to create the guide. Along the way a few additional uses for the guide were thought of. These will also be explained in this study. As a result of this project a document called the Sales Guide was created. Originally the doc-ument was planned as a helpful hand book for the sales personnel at HP. The guide that resulted from this project is a comprehensive guide to the workings of the Sales Operations as a whole and it can be used in training new employees and as a helpful insight used in support of process development.  First in the thesis Hewlett Packard is introduced and then project management and the sales management process are briefly explained as they provide a theory basis for the completed sales guide. Next this thesis turns its attention to the creation of this guide. In the end, some recommendations for the future are offered.
How to motivate individuals in sales teams : case study: Company X
Art of Retail Buying : an insider's guide to the best practices from the industry
B2B SaaS service sales for small and medium sized transportation enterprises
Selling results! : the innovative system for maximizing sales by helping your customers achieve their business goals
Life's a pitch : what the world's best salespeople can teach us all
Magnetic selling : develop the charm and charisma that attract customers and maximize sales
Snap selling : speed up sales and win more business with today's frazzled customers
Sales management : products and services
Pitch perfect : feel the impact of a winning sales approach
Getting into your customer's head : 8 secret roles of selling your competitors don't know
The valueselling toolkit : your workbook for sales success
The collaborative sale : solution selling in a buyer driven world
How to be great at the stuff you hate : the straight-talking guide to networking, persuading and selling
