http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15913 BONes
BONes
Freyschmidt's "Koehler/Zimmer" borderlands of normal and early pathologic findings in skeletal radiography
Plastic surgery of the facial skeleton
Association between amount and source of dietary protein intake with bone mineral density among elderly women
Spermidine/spermine N1-acetyltransferase in mouse hematopoiesis and bone remodeling and in human leukemias
Limb lengthening and reconstruction surgery case atlas. Trauma, foot and ankle
Neuroblastoma incidence, biology and outcome : with special emphasis on quantitative analysis of tyrosine hydroxylase mRNA in blood and bone marrow
Atlas of orthopedic pathology
Influences of genetic factors and regular exercise on bone in middle-aged men
Osteoarthritis and osteoporosis assessed from hand radiographs : prevalence, determinants, and associations with morbidity and mortality
Growth arrest by stapling : an experimental study of longitudinal bone growth and morphology of the growth region
The fossilization of human bone: calcium, phosphate, and carbonate
Theft : a love story
Biosolids and meat and bone meal (MBM) are commonly used as fertilizers in agriculture, often at application rates where total phosphorus (P) far exceeds the annual demand. In a pot experiment, three biosolids and two types of MBM were tested at two commonly used application rates. Their contributions to P uptake in ryegrass (second and third season) were compared with annual mineral P fertilization. The soil was analysed for extractable P (PAL and POlsen). Only soil amended with digested, limed biosolids provided a P uptake in ryegrass the third season comparable to annual NPK fertilization. Bone-rich MBM had considerable contributions to third season P uptake in soil with pH < 6. The product application rates did not influence P uptake significantly for any of the products. POlsen was found suitable to describe residual effects on soil P solubility, whereas the PAL-method was not applicable for MBM fertilized soils.
"Featuring over 4,000 large-size illustrations and unique, effective pedagogy, the Fifth Edition of Dr. Greenspan's best-seller is the ideal teaching text on musculoskeletal imaging for radiologists and orthopedists at every level of training. Orthopedic Imaging: A Practical Approach covers all orthopedic problems and imaging modalities and offers indispensable guidance on selecting cost-effective imaging techniques. The Fifth Edition has a new full-color design, with colorized tables and schematics and full-color illustrations including PET-CT. All conventional tomography has been replaced by CT. Coverage of MRI--the scan of choice for more clinical situations than ever--has been greatly expanded, especially in areas related to arthritis. More three-dimensional CT scans have been added, particularly to areas covering trauma. Musculoskeletal ultrasound coverage has been increased. Practical Points to Remember appear at the end of each chapter to outline salient points. A companion website will offer the fully searchable text and images"--Provided by publisher.
Tissue reactions in bone and dentine : a morpho-biological study of the formation and dissolving of bone and dentine
Temporal bone imaging
Comprised exclusively of clinical cases covering scaphoid fractures and nonunions, this concise, practical casebook will provide clinicians in orthopedic, plastic and hand surgery with the best real-world strategies to properly diagnose and treat the various forms of the condition they may encounter. After a brief introduction covering scaphoid anatomy, each chapter is in the form of a case that opens with a unique clinical presentation, followed by a description of the diagnosis, assessment and management techniques used to treat it, as well as the case outcome and clinical pearls and pitfalls. Cases included illustrate different injuries and management strategies from acute scaphoid fractures and nonunions to advanced collapse, covering non-operative and arthroscopic techniques as well as autograft procedures and salvage options. Pragmatic and reader-friendly, Scaphoid Fractures and Nonunions: A Clinical Casebook will be an excellent resource for seasoned as well as those training to be orthopedic surgeons, plastic surgeons, hand surgeons and emergency medicine physicians alike.
Pathology of bone
Bone as a tissue
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Rockwood and Green's fractures in adults
Consisting of case studies contributed by both domestic and international leaders in the field, this is an invaluable resource for all orthopedic surgeons and researchers and practitioners of limb lengthening, deformity correction and the Ilizarov method. Comprehensive yet accessible, this volume covers pediatric deformity correction, from congenital deformities to growth plate injuries. Each of the unique cases includes color photographs and radiographs from before, during and after surgery and will follow a consistent chapter structure which outlines a brief clinical history of the case, preoperative problem list, treatment strategy, basic principles, technical pearls and how to avoid and manage complications and subsequent problems. Suggested readings round out each case. A comprehensive presentation of techniques is featured, including external fixation, internal fixation, combination approaches and fully implantable limb lengthening nails. This case-based approach is an efficient and thorough way to learn this exciting new frontier in orthopedic surgery.
Radiographical assessment of hip fragility
Prolyl 4-hydroxylase : genomic cloning of the human and mouse α(II) subunit, tissue distribution of type I and II isoenzymes, and cloning and characterization of a novel prolyl 4-hydroxylase from Caenorhabditis elegans
Tumors and tumor-like lesions of bone : for surgical pathologists, orthopedic surgeons and radiologists
Skeletal function and form : mechanobiology of skeletal development, aging, and regeneration
Endogenous and exogenous glucocorticoid effects in a model of allergic airway inflammation
Association between morphology of the first cervical vertebra and dentofacial structures
Variables related to Mg content of healthy and osteoporotic cancellous bone
Stimulation of trigeminal afferents improves motor recovery after facial nerve injury : functional, electrophysiological and morphological proofs
Skeletal Dysplasias : proceedings of the Third International Clinical Genetics Seminar, Athens, May 9-13, 1982
Effect of sterilization and delivery systems on the osteoinductivity of reindeer bone morphogenetic protein extract
The blood supply of bone
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Flexible multibody simulation approach in the dynamic analysis of bone strains during physical activity
Development of Craniofacial Bone Defect Reconstruction Implant Based on Fibre-Reinforced Composite with Photopolymerisable Resin Systems. Experimental studies in vitro and in vivo.
Assessment of osteoporosis and fracture risk:axial transmission ultrasound and lifestyle-related risk factors
This book describes a new method of alveolar distraction osteogenesis that offers important advantages and can be used for the treatment of various orthopedic abnormalities and congenital malformations. Detailed guidance is provided on selection of patients suitable for alveolar distraction, including those with cleft lip and palate, skeletal class II malocclusions and cystic lesions involving the alveolus. All aspects of treatment using the ArchWise distraction appliance are then covered, including technical preparation, surgical set-up and osteotomies, docking site surgery, orthodontic finis.
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Determination of the mineral content of human finger bones by silver analysis of roentgenograms
Meat bone meal as fertiliser for barley and oat
Bone densitometry for technologists
Reindeer-derived bone protein extract in the healing of bone defects:evaluation of various carrier materials and delivery systems
Structure, function, and adaptation of compact bone
Consisting of case studies contributed by both domestic and international leaders in the field, this is an invaluable resource for all orthopedic surgeons and researchers and practitioners of limb lengthening, deformity correction and the Ilizarov method. Comprehensive yet accessible, this volume covers injuries to the foot and ankle as well as orthopedic trauma, from foot and ankle fusions and clubfoot correction to femoral and tibial reconstruction. Each of the unique cases includes color photographs and radiographs from before, during and after surgery and will follow a consistent chapter structure which outlines a brief clinical history of the case, preoperative problem list, treatment strategy, basic principles, technical pearls and how to avoid and manage complications and subsequent problems. Suggested readings round out each case. A comprehensive presentation of techniques is featured, including external fixation, internal fixation, combination approaches and fully implantable limb lengthening nails. This case-based approach is an efficient and thorough way to learn this exciting new frontier in orthopedic surgery.
In this fourth edition of Combined Scintigraphic and Radiographic Diagnosis of Bone and Joint Diseases, the text has been thoroughly amended, updated, and partially rearranged to reflect the latest advances. In addition to discussing the role of pinhole imaging in the range of disorders previously covered, the new edition pays detailed attention to the novel diagnostic use of gamma correction pinhole bone scan in a broad spectrum of skeletal disorders, including physical, traumatic, and sports injuries, infectious and non-infectious bone diseases, benign and malignant bone tumors, and soft tissue diseases. A large number of state of the art pinhole scans and corroborative CT, MRI, and/or ultrasound images are presented side by side. The book has been enlarged to encompass various new topics, including occult fractures; cervical sprain and whiplash trauma; bone marrow edema; microfractures of trabeculae; evident, gaping, and stress fractures; and differential diagnosis. This new edition will be essential reading for practitioners and researchers in not only nuclear medicine but also radiology, orthopedic surgery, and pathology.
Bone is a living tissue prone to develop a diverse array of inflammatory, metabolic, genetic, reactive, circulatory and neoplastic abnormalities. The Atlas of Bone Pathology describes and selectively illustrates the normal and pathologic conditions that afflict human bone, focusing heavily on tumor and tumor-like conditions of bone and their non-neoplastic mimics. Supplemented with radiographic and special study images, this extraordinary collection of high quality digital images aid continuing efforts to recognize, understand, and accurately interpret the light microscopic findings in bone.
Now and eternity
Tobacco smoking and vertical periodontal bone loss
Bone. Vol. 2, The osteoclast
A colour atlas and textbook of orthognathic surgery : the surgery of facial skeletal deformity
This book, featuring more than 180 high spatial resolution images obtained with state-of-the-art MDCT and MRI scanners, depicts in superb detail the anatomy of the temporal bone, recognized to be one of the most complex anatomic areas. In order to facilitate identification of individual anatomic structures, the images are presented in the same way in which they emanate from contemporary imaging modalities, namely as consecutive submillimeter sections in standardized slice orientations, with all anatomic landmarks labeled. While various previous publications have addressed the topic of temporal.
Etiopathology and treatment-related aspects of hip fracture
Psychological aspects of facial form : proceedings of a sponsored symposium honoring professor Robert E. Moyers : held February 29 and March 1, 1980, in Ann Arbor, MI
Site, type and causes of fractures in the middle third of the facial skeleton
Bone as a target for persistent organic pollutants
Surgical treatment of cranio-maxillofacial malformations
Bone mineral assay : measuring sites, clinical applications
Bones : ancient men and modern myth
A monograph on the structure and development of the shoulder-girdle and sternum on the Vertebrata
The Second PhD student Symposium of the Faculty of Health Sciences : abstracts
Imaging of orthopedic trauma and surgery
Summary in Swedish.
Osteology for dental students
Experiences with the use of radioisotope bone scanning in disorders of the facial bones
Consisting of case studies contributed by both domestic and international leaders in the field, this is an invaluable resource for all orthopedic surgeons and researchers and practitioners of limb lengthening, deformity correction and the Ilizarov method. Comprehensive yet accessible, this volume covers injuries to the upper extremity, adult deformity correction and bone tumors, from humeral lengthening and femoral deformity to amputation reconstruction and reconstruction after benign and malign bone tumors. Each of the unique cases includes color photographs and radiographs from before, during and after surgery followed by a consistent chapter structure which outlines a brief clinical history of the case, preoperative problem list, treatment strategy, basic principles, technical pearls and how to avoid and manage complications and subsequent problems. Suggested readings round out each case. A comprehensive presentation of techniques is featured, including external fixation, internal fixation, combination approaches and fully implantable limb lengthening nails. This case-based approach is an efficient and thorough way to learn this exciting new frontier in orthopedic surgery.
Analysis of regulated genes of BMP4 signaling in breast cancer cell lines
Bone Mineral Accrual in Physically Active Girls. With Special Reference to Reduction in Physical Activity Level and Use of Oral Contraceptives
Reconstructing physical activity from human skeletal remains:potentials and restrictions in the use of musculoskeletal stress markers
Proceedings
Bone resorbing osteoclasts reveal two basal plasma membrane domains and transcytosis of degraded matrix material
This book describes in detail current best practice in the diagnosis and treatment of malignant pediatric bone tumors and also discusses other important aspects of management. Clinical assessment, the role of different imaging modalities, and choice of biopsy procedure are explained, and an individual chapter is devoted to diagnostic pathology. The treatment-oriented chapters offer in-depth descriptions of chemotherapeutic regimens, radiation therapy, limb-salvage options, and amputation-related issues, and in addition consider the approach to lung nodules, the role of biomarkers, off-therapy monitoring, and the treatment of relapse. Psychosocial impacts and needs are addressed, and guidance provided on nursing during treatment and rehabilitation following orthopaedic surgery. Closing chapters evaluate emerging therapies and discuss disparate aspects of survivorship. The authors are acknowledged experts and include many contributors from the Nationwide Children's Hospital, a leading pediatric care facility in the United States.
Safety and morbidity of intra-oral zygomatic bone graft harvesting:development of a novel bone harvesting technique
Bone tumors : diagnosis and treatment
Bone cancer : primary bone cancers and bone metastases
Summary. - Samenvatting.
Structures of the midface on cylindrical pantomograms
The biochemistry and physiology of bone. 2, Physiology and pathology
Osteoporosis : fundamentals of clinical practice
Periprosthetic femoral bone loss and bone turnover after primary total hip arthroplasty
Handbook of skeletal radiology
Recovery of mimic function after facial nerve transection is poor: the successful regrowth of axotomized motoneurons to their targets is compromised by (i) poor axonal navigation and excessive collateral branching, (ii) abnormal exchange of nerve impulses between adjacent regrowing axons and (iii) insufficient synaptic input to facial motoneurons. As a result, axotomized motoneurons get hyperexcitable and unable to discharge. Since improvement of growth cone navigation and reduction of the ephaptic cross-talk between axons turn out be very difficult, the authors concentrated on the third detrimental component and proposed that an intensification of the trigeminal input to axotomized electrophysiologically silent facial motoneurons might improve specificity of reinnervation.
Bone. Vol. 3, Bone matrix and bone specific products
Malignant pediatric bone tumors : treatment & management
Type XIII collagen : organization of the mouse gene, generation of three genetically engineered mouse lines by homologous recombination, and biochemical studies on the molecular properties of the type XIII collagen protein
Studies of surface structures during cranio-facial development
Bone. Vol. 1, The osteoblast and osteocyte
Bone regulatory factors : morphology, biochemistry, physiology, and pharmacology
The radiology of skeletal disorders : exercises in diagnosis
Studies on the phenotype and function of osteoclasts using osteopetrotic and rachitic animal models
Orthopedic Physical Assessment
The biochemistry and physiology of bone. 1, Structure
Bone diseases : macroscopic, histological, and radiological diagnosis of structural changes in the skeleton
Hip fracture—aspects of background factors and outcome
Manual for the examination of bone
Principles of bone biology. Vol 1
Meat and bone meal and biosolids as slow-release phosphorus fertilizers
Radiology of skeletal trauma. Vol. 1
Combined scintigraphic and radiographic diagnosis of bone and joint diseases : including gamma correction interpretation
Effect of functional loading on remodelling in canine, and normal and collagen type II transgenic murine bone
Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase: three-dimensional structure and structure-based functional studies : studies on the enzyme using recombinant protein produced by baculovirus expression vector system in insect cells
Novel non-collagenous modulators of biomineralization in bone and dentin
Blood supply and microvascular flow in mandibular bone : an experimental study
The facial skeleton in children affected by rheumatoid arthritis : a roentgen-cephalometric study
Healing of cortical and cancellous bone grafts after rigid plate fixation : an experimental study on rabbits
Biocompatibility evaluation of nickel-titanium shape memory metal alloy
Osteoporosis and bone densitometry measurements
Association between morphology of the first cervical vertebra, head posture,and craniofacial structures
Early postmenopausal bone loss : population-based studies on risk and pretentive factors and their interactions
Ultrasonic device in bone cutting: a histological and scanning electron microscopical study
Edeiken's roentgen diagnosis of diseases of bone
Principles of bone X-ray diagnosis
Genetic factors in bone disorders:osteogenesis imperfecta, juvenile osteoporosis and stress fractures
As a technology, bone densitometry is really quite extraordinary. The ability to quantify the density of the bones at a variety of skeletal sites has truly revolutionized the approach to a number of diseases, the most important of which is osteoporosis. Using the information from the machines, especially dual-energy X ray absortiometry (DXA) technology, physicians can recommend and prescribe interventions that will slow bone loss and reduce the risk of disabling fractures. The remarkable advances in skeletal imaging with densitometry devices have made possible quantitative and diagnostic assessments of skeletal structure. However it is in fact the skill and concern of the technologist that enables all of this to happen. In this updated and expanded third edition of their gold standard and highly praised Bone Densitometry for Technologists, Sydney Lou Bonnick, MD, FACP, and Lori Ann Lewis, MRT, CDT, again offer the most comprehensive review of the standards and developments in the field. Here radiologic technologists, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, and dedicated densitometry technologists can find not only the state-of-the-art guidelines for bone density testing, but also a wide range of other topics, including several new chapters. These include a new chapter on the performance of DXA lumbar spine, proximal femur and forearm studies; one on Using Absolute Risk to Predict Fracture Risk in Clinical Practice; and another providing examples of highly instructional DXA images in which artifacts or structural changes can be seen. There are 2 new appendices and the other 10 appendices from the previous edition have been updated wherever necessary to reflect the most current information available. In Appendix XII, the contents of the accompanying CD-ROM are reviewed. On this CD, readers will find the Precision Calculator Companion that was first included with the 2nd edition of Dr. Bonnick's title, Bone Densitometry in Clinical Practice. Questionnaires designed to capture essential information to utilize FRAX for both men and women are also included on the CD. These questionnaires can be persomalized to better suit a practice's needs. Finally, a continuing education review is also found on the CD, which, if successfully completed, will result in the awarding of 16 hours of Category A credit acceptable to the American Society of Radiologic Technologists.
Magnetic resonance imaging guided musculoskeletal interventions at 0.23T:optical instrument guidance, bone biopsy, periradicular nerve root therapy, discography, osteoid osteoma laser ablation; a feasibility study
Temporal bone CT and MRI anatomy : a guide to 3D volumetric acquisitions
Biology of bone
Radionuclide scintigraphy in orthopaedics
Honey B. & T-Bones
Nutrition and bone development
Principles of bone biology. Vol 2
Fundamentals of skeletal radiology
Essentials of skeletal radiology. Vol. 2
Role of Gli3 during intramembranous calvarial bone development
Effects of hormonal and other factors on fractures in peri- and early postmenopausal women
Dietary xylitol in the prevention of experimental osteoporosis:beneficial effects on bone resorption, structure and biomechanics
Non-resorbable glass fibre-reinforced composite with porous surface as bone substitute material : experimental studies in vitro and in vivo focused on bone-implant interface
Radiology of skeletal trauma. Vol. 2
Osteoporosis in elderly women in primary health care
BMP4 in breast cancer growth and metastasis with insights into transcriptional regulation
Yochum and Rowe's essentials of skeletal radiology
Sources of Shang history : the oracle-bone inscriptions of bronze age China
Atlas of bone pathology
Anti-tumoral immune response and bisphosphonates
The human face : an account of the postnatal growth and development of the craniofacial skeleton
Osteoporosis is a serious problem worldwide, and its significance is continuing to increase as the world population grows and ages. Osteoporosis and Bone Densitometry Measurements provides a comprehensive review of the latest research on this potentially devastating condition. The book encompasses prevention, diagnosis, and therapy, providing state of the art information on each aspect. A wide range of topics are discussed, including differentiation between acute and chronic, benign and malignant vertebral fractures; the value of the WHO FRAX tool in patient evaluation; the roles of dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, quantitative computed tomography, quantitative ultrasound, and high-resolution imaging; and the use of kyphoplasty and vertebroplasty to treat vertebral compression fractures. All chapters are written by acknowledged experts in the field.
The physical measurement of bone
Essentials of skeletal radiology. Vol. 1
Biocompatibility and biomechanical aspects of Nitinol shape memory metal implants
Rockwood and Wilkins' fractures in children
Genetic influences of the sex steroid pathway on fracture risk and the effect of hormone replacement therapy in early postmenopausal women
Biocompatibility of orthopaedic implants on bone forming cells
Selected atlases of bone scintigraphy
The traditional production of mineral N and P fertilisers is unsustainable due its reliance on fossil fuels in the case of N, and on limited mineral resource stocks in the case of P. The use of alternative or complementary fertilisers that originate from organic waste materials is gaining interest. Organic farms, especially arable organic farms without livestock, need usable sources of plant nutrients. Meat bone meal (MBM), a potential organic fertiliser for agricultural crops, contains considerable amounts of nutrients (on average 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca). In EU countries, Commission regulation (EC) No 181/2006 authorised the use of MBM as an organic fertiliser. In this study, MBM was compared to conventional mineral NPK fertiliser. Two randomised complete block split-plot field experiments were conducted: one with spring barley (Hordeum vulgare) in two years; and another with oat (Avena sativa) for three years, including a fourth year of testing for residual effect. Compared to mineral fertiliser (20% N, 3% P and 9% K), MBM was applied at three N levels: 60, 90 and 120 kg N ha-1. The grain yield of both cereal species supported by MBM, did not differ from the yield obtained with the mineral fertiliser at any N level. At 120 kg N ha-1, the grain yield level with either type was ca. 4500 kg ha-1 of barley and 5000 kg ha-1 of oat, representing fair averages for Finnish conditions. Moreover, MBM and mineral fertilisation showed no differences in quality in terms of 1000-grain weight, test-weight, protein content and protein yield. Since MBM has a low N/P ratio, P was applied in surplus to attain comparable N levels. Therefore MBM fertilisation should be fitted for crop rotation and for meeting environmental requirements.
This newly revised edition contains updated versions of all of the topics that were in the first edition and has been substantially expanded with an additional 5 chapters. Each chapter includes information from the most up-to-date research on how nutritional factors can affect bone health, written with an evidence-based focus and complete with comprehensive references for each subject. Nutrition and Bone Health, second edition covers all aspects of nutrition and the skeleton, from the history and fundamentals, to the effects of macronutrients, minerals, vitamins, and supplements, and even cov.
Nutrition and bone health
Bones : structure and mechanics
Bones : the official companion
This book provides essential, internationally applicable information in the area of orthopedic pathology with emphasis on practical diagnostic aspects, including many illustrations: roentgenograms, CT-scans, MRI, scintigraphies, as well as pictures of gross surgical specimens and microphotographs, immunohistochemical reactions and genomics. Information on histopathological and molecular diagnosis, and basic therapeutic guidelines are provided. This book offers generous coverage of epidemiology, clinical features, radiology, pathology, differential diagnosis and treatment, not only for common lesions, but also those less frequently encountered. Clues in the images and histopathology needed to arrive at a sharp differential diagnosis are discussed. The content is arranged based on the World Health Organization?s Consensus Classification, with the addition of other lesions not included therein. Tumors and Tumor-Like Lesions of Bone is aimed at general and specialised surgical pathologists, radiologists, orthopedic surgeons, and oncologists, in practice and in training.
The roles of collagen XVIII and its endostatin domain in wound healing, hair follicle cycling and bone development
The biochemistry and physiology of bone. 3, Development and growth
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen fertilizer to cereals in Norway
Demineralization of bone slices with EDTA for microscopy
The minimization of morbidity in cranio-maxillofacial osseous reconstruction:bone graft harvesting and coral-derived granules as a bone graft substitute
The biochemistry and physiology of bone. Vol. 4, Calcification and physiology
Magnetic resonance imaging guided musculoskeletal interventions at 0.23T : optical instrument guidance, bone biopsy, periradicular nerve root therapy, discography, osteoid osteoma laser ablation; a feasibility study
Bones : orthopaedic pathologies in Roman Imperial Age
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Osteotomies of the midfacial skeleton : a retrospective study of individually designed osteotomies in the treatment of various malformation
Genetic factors in bone disorders : osteogenesis imperfecta, juvenile osteoporosis and stress fractures
Persistent organic pollutants and bone tissue : studies in wild and in experimental animals
Imaging of sports injuries
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
From stem cells to neurons : a BMPy ride
Bisphosphonate treatment of children and adolescents with osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) : effects on clinical symptoms and bone turnover
Utilisation of reactive lysine from meat and bone meals of different ash content by growing-finishing pigs
Orthopaedic pathology : a synopsis with clinical and radiographic correlation
Bone mechanics handbook
Body composition and bone mineral density in rheumatoid arthritis : influence of inflammation and treatment with glucocorticoids and TNF-blocking agents
Effects of unilateral masticatory function on craniofacial and temporomandibular joint growth : an experimental study
Osteogenesis imperfecta : a study of clinical features and heredity based of 55 Danish families comprising 180 affected members
Scaphoid fractures and nonunions : a clinical casebook
Bone mineral density changes after total knee arthroplasty
Intermediary organization of the skeleton
The pelvic girdle : an approach to the examination and treatment of the lumbo-pelvic-hip region
Craniofacial secondary cartilages in the hamster and rat
Surgical approaches to the facial skeleton
Orthopedic imaging : a practical approach
Effects of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A) and endostatin on bone
Fourth international conference on bone measurement : proceedings, a conference held at the University of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, June 1-3 1978
Obesity and bone mineral measurements in postmenopausal women
Factors affecting growth, differentiation and apoptosis of osteoblastic and osteosarcoma cells
Queen Bee against Dr. Oddball
Intracellular membrane trafficking in Osteoclasts The role of direct Rab protein – Rac 1 interactions in the targeting of intracellular vesicles
Prolyl 4-hydroxylase:genomic cloning of the human and mouse α(II) subunit, tissue distribution of type I and II isoenzymes, and cloning and characterization of a novel prolyl 4-hydroxylase from Caenorhabditis elegans
The face in profile : an anthropoligical x-ray invesgation on Swedish children and conscripts
Non-invasive bone measurements : methodological problems : radiogrammetry, single and dual photon absorptiometry, neutron activation and C-T densitometry
Bone histomorphometry : techniques and interpretation
Bone dysplasias : an atlas of constitutional disorders of skeletal development
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
MicroRNAs as novel regulators of skeletal homeostasis
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Honey B & T-Bones
Limb lengthening and reconstruction surgery case atlas. Pediatric deformity
Cellular and molecular biology of bone
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
In quest of genetic susceptibility to disorders manifesting in fractures:assessing the significance of genetic factors in femoral neck stress fractures and childhood non-OI primary osteoporosis
Alveolar distraction osteogenesis : ArchWise appliance and technique
Reproductive health in adolescent girls with special emphasis on menstrual disorders, bone health, sexuality and social factors
The constraint-mechanism of the human tarsus : a roentgenological experimental study
Native bovine bone morphogenetic protein in the healing of segmental long bone defects
Meat and bone meal as nitrogen and phosphorus supplier to cereals and oilseed rape
Skeletal trauma : basic science, management, and reconstruction
Limb lengthening and reconstruction surgery case atlas. Adult deformity, tumor, upper extremity
Borderlands of normal and early pathologic findings in skeletal radiography
This book presents the results of a unique macroscopic and radiological analysis, by X-ray and CT scan, of the bone pathologies of about 1800 subjects who lived at the time of the Roman Empire (first and second centuries A.D.) and whose remains were recovered during the excavation of a suburban necropolis of Rome. The survey, which represents a collaboration between the Italian Society of Orthopaedics and Traumatology and the Special Superintendent for the Archaeological Heritage of Rome, has yielded incredible images of different orthopaedic diseases in a period when no surgical treatment was available: there are cases of infection (osteomyelitis), metabolic disease (gout), hematologic disease (multiple myeloma), traumatic lesions and their complications, and degenerative pathology (osteoarthritis, particularly secondary and overload). A multidisciplinary team including orthopaedists, paleopathologists, radiologists, and medical historians has evaluated the major groups of bone disease in the population finding out incredible cases and picture of ortho-traumatologic pathologies in a pre-surgical era. The homogeneity of the sample and the number of subjects make this a study of fundamental importance. .
Assessment of bone quality in pediatric and adult patients with osteoporosis
Maternity and bone
This book provides a complete overview of imaging of normal and diseased temporal bone. After description of indications for imaging and the cross-sectional imaging anatomy of the area, subsequent chapters address the various diseases and conditions that affect the temporal bone and are likely to be encountered regularly in clinical practice. The classic imaging methods are described and discussed in detail, and individual chapters are included on newer techniques such as functional imaging and diffusion-weighted imaging. There is also a strong focus on postoperative imaging. Throughout, imaging findings are documented with the aid of numerous informative, high-quality illustrations. Temporal Bone Imaging, with its straightforward structure based essentially on topography, will prove of immense value in daily practice.
Directed differentiation of human embryonic stem cells : a model for early bone development
Primer on the metabolic bone diseases and disorders of mineral metabolism. : editor-in-chief, Clifford J. Rosen ; senior associate editors, Roger Bouillon, Juliet E. Compston, Vicki Rosen ; associate editors, Douglas P. Bauer ... [et al.]
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) on cultivation of winter triticale, winter oilseed rape, winter wheat and maize. The average annual yields and protein yield achieved in crop rotation were studied. The field trials were carried out in north-eastern Poland in 2006-2010. The factor was dose of MBM: 1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1 or 2.0, 3.0, 4.0 and 5.0 t ha-1 every other year. The four-year experiment has proven that MBM is a valuable nitrogen and phosphorus fertilizer in cultivation of cereals and oilseed rape. By amendment of the tested meal into the soil it produced crop yield and protein yield similar to that achieved by mineral fertilization. However, the crude fat yield of rape was significantly higher under the influence of all the MBM doses. The yield-stimulating effect of MBM did not depend on the frequency of its application; therefore it is more convenient to apply it once every two years. Increasing MBM from 1.5 to 2.5 t ha-1 did not significantly increase any of the four crop yields, therefore for soils that had satisfactory nutrients content, 1 or 1.5 t ha-1 MBM is enough and increasing MBM will only increase economic burden for farmers and environmental risks.
