http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15951 planned economy
planned economy
Waste management plan for Farmari 2005 Agricultural Fair of Finland
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
A geography of the USSR : the background to a planned economy
The Baltic states : a survey for further industrial cooperation
The radiant past : ideology and reality in Hungary's road to capitalism
The industrialisation of Soviet Russia. 3, The Soviet economy in turmoil, 1929-1930
Financial aspects of a small hospitality business planning : through the example of a business plan of a café in Helsinki downtown
Restructuring the Soviet economic bureaucracy
Socialism and its culture : the prison manuscripts
Modified planned economies at the crossroads : the case of Hungary
Implementing SAP Courses into the International Business Degree Programme
Privatization : symposium in honor of Herbert Giersch
Essays on the Soviet economy
Reform determines future of China
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Searching the known, discovering the unknown : the Russian transition from plan to market as network change processes
The Soviet economy on the brink of reform : essays in honor of Alec Nove
The Communist foreign trade system
Conclusion (s. 299-302).
Models of disequilibrium and shortage in centrally planned economies
Viewpoint : Eastern Europe needs more money
The road to the market in North Korea: projects, problems and prospects
The economic transformation of China
The Romanian economy in the twentieth century
Competition in socialist society
The Chinese economy
Economic policy in socialist Yogoslavia
Diverse property forms within planned or partly planned economies : NEP, NEM and TVE
Taxation in centrally planned economies
Cyclical fluctuation under central planning: an inquiry into nature and causes of cyclical fluctuation in the Soviet economy
Democracy and the market : political and economic reforms in Eastern Europe and Latin America
Scientific management, socialist discipline, and Soviet power
Comecon : integration problems of the planned economies
Planning and profits in socialist economies
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Structural change, economic interdependence and world development : proceedings of the seventh World Congress of the International Economic Association, Madrid, Spain. Vol. 3, Structural change and adjustment in the world economy
Societies in transition : from plan to market, from party-dictatorship to democracy, from "socialism" to ...?
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, State and economy : Chapter 20 : Money and foreign exchange
Economic thought and economic reform in the Soviet Union
Conclusion (s. 237-248).
Socialism, planning and optimality : a study in Soviet economic thought
The distribution of assets in transitional economies
Report on the directives for the five-year economic development plan of the USSR for 1966-1970
The economics of socialism : principles governing the operation of the centrally planned economies under the new system
Democracy and the economic challenge
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
State planning : aims, ways, results
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, State and economy : Chapter 23 : Foreign commerce and investment in socialist countries
The politics of economic stagnation in the Soviet Union : the role of local party organs in economic management
Effects of trade with centrally planned economies on exchange rates and prices in market economies
Stalin's industrial revolution : politics and workers, 1928-1932
The new civilisation? : understanding Stalin's Soviet Union 1929-1941
Reforms of legal and financial system of public enterprises in Poland and other socialist countries
Market socialism or the restoration of capitalism?
China's western region development strategy and its impact on Qinghai province
The economics of transition : from socialist economy to market economy
The East German economy
Soviet economic power : its organization, growth, and challenge
A group of Finnish teachers and students visited Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands. The aim of the visit was to benchmark learning and teaching, quality assurance and curricula development in the degree programmes. The project was successful, and both universities will develop their actions according to the results. The benchmarking project was funded by the Finnish Higher Education Evaluation Council.    The article discusses of the implementation of the international benchmarking project and the results gained in comparing learning and teaching. Benchmarking worksheet proved to be a useful tool for comparing activities. The project created multi-disciplinary cooperation, mainly because there were both teachers, students and the members of the support staff participating to the project. Student involvement was crucial to the success of the project.
The political economy of Stalinism : evidence from the Soviet secret archives
Why not socialism?
The road to a free economy : shifting from a socialist system : the example of Hungary
Benchmarking learning and teaching : international case study from the Oulu University of Applied Sciences and the Fontys University of Applied Sciences
Essays in socialism and planning in honor of Carl Landauer
What is to be done? : proposals for the Soviet transition to the market
Cyclical fluctuation under central planning: an inquiry into the nature and causes of cyclical fluctuation in the Soviet economy
Conversion : economic adjustments in an era of arms reduction. Vol. 1.
China's new political economy : the giant awakes
The economics of Soviet planning
The economics of socialism : principles governing the operation of the centrally planned economies in the USSR and Eastern Europe under the new system
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Business continuity management : in practice
A guide to the socialist economies
Cyclical fluctuation under central planning : an inquiry into the nature and causes of cyclical fluctuation in the Soviet economy
A history of Soviet Russia. 2, The Bolshevik revolution 1917-1923, vol. 2
Communist agriculture : farming in the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe
Eastern Europe in the sixties
Soviet Karelian forests in the planned economy of the Soviet Union 1928-37
Industrialization in two systems : essays in honor of Alexa.der Gerschenkron by a group of his students
The economics of socialism: principles governing the operation of the centrally planned economies in the USSR and Eastern Europe under the new system
The Soviet planned economy
Conclusion (s. 147-159).
Economic systems : a comparative analysis
Comparative economic systems
Do socialist economies work? : the Soviet and East European experience
The Soviet economy as a social experiment : lessons from the 20th century
Investment climate in Vietnam : transition from a planned economy to market economy
Aims and Methods of Soviet planning
Reformists and traditionalists : a study of Soviet discussions about economic reform, 1960-1965
The economic history of Eastern Europe 1919-1975. Vol. 3, Institutional change within a planned economy
The industrialisation of Soviet Russia. 4, Crisis and progress in the Soviet economy, 1931-1933
Plans and disequilibria in centrally planned economies : empirical investigation for Poland
Adjusting state and market in Vietnam : the story of enterprise unions
China's socialist economy : an outline history (1949-1984)
The post-soviet economy : Soviet and western perspectives
Organization of innovation : east-west perspectives
Red plenty
On macroeconomic consequences of trade with centrally planned economies
In the shadow of the plan
Socialist integration
Democracy and economic planning : the political economy of a self-governing society
Geography of North Korea and its future
A geography of the U.S.S.R. : the background to a planned economy
Monopolar world order : on the socioeconomics US dominance
Management in socialist countries : USSR and Central Europe
The socialist system : the political economy of communism
The development of Soviet folkloristics
The political economy of Romanian socialism
The economies of Eastern Europe : in a time of change
The Making of the Chinese Industrial Workplace : State, Revolution and Labor Management
Dictatorship and demand : the politics of consumerism in East Germany
The socialist economies of the Soviet Union and Europe
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, State and economy : Chapter 16 : Socialist enterprises
The macroeconomic debate : models of the closed and open economy
Business continuity for dummies
Mongolia : a centrally planned economy in transition
