http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15969 biological control
biological control
Crop protection agents from nature : natural products and analogues
Biological control of pests in China
Choosing an effective biocontrol agent - an evolutionary perspective
Rearing of Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae) on greenbugs
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 9 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Lepidoptera (Q-Z)
Entomopathogenic nematode bibliography : Heterorhabditid and Steinernematid nematodes
Steinernema feltiae : no risk to Aleachara bilineata in the laboratory
Importance of generalist epigeal predator species in a cereal field : predation on baits
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Biological control of postharvest diseases : theory and practice
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 6, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Lepidoptera (CI-F)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 2, Hosts of hymenoptera (agaonidae to braconidae)
The biopesticide manual : a world compendium
The main problems of using biological pest control in greenhouse production
Pests have enemies too : teaching young scientists about biological control
Natural enemies in the Pacific area : (biological control)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 1, Hosts of the coleoptera and diptera
The manual of biocontrol agents : a world compendium
Birch tar oil is an effective mollusc repellent : field and laboratory experiments using Arianta arbustorum (Gastropoda: Helicidae) and Arion lusitanicus (Gastropoda: Arionidae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 1, Parasites of the Arachnida and Coleoptera
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 3 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Hemiptera
Evaluation of entomopathogenic nematode strains for control of Delia radicum, Tipula paludosa and T. oleracea
Biologiska bekämpningen inom växtpatologin : Nordiska forskarkursen i växtpatologi = Biological control of plant diseases : Scandinavian post-graduate course in plant pathology
Ecofriendly pest management for food security
Observations on rearing and use of the predatory gall-midge Aphidoletes aphidimyza (Diptera, Cecidomyiidae) against aphids in greenhouses
Environmental protection and biological forms of control of pest organisms : proceedings of an international workshop
Biological control in Malaysia : Insect and other pests
Biological plant protection
Bacillus thuringiensis : biology, ecology and safety
Steinernema feltiae - Tenebrio molitor tritrophic level effects
Biological control : proceedings of an AAAS Symposium on Biological Control, held at Boston, Massachusetts December 30-31, 1969
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 5, Hosts of the hymenoptera (miscogasteridae to trigonalidae), lepidoptera and strepsiptera
Biological control of plant parasitic nematodes
Rearing codling moth for the sterile insect technique
Practice oriented results on the use of plant extracts and pheromones in pest control : proceedings of the international workshop Tartu, Estonia, Jan. 24-25, 2001
Biological and integrated forest protection : proceedings of the international symposium : 3rd meeting of EPS/IOBC September 12-16, 1994 Sekocin, Poland
2. Finnish-Soviet symposium on biological pest control, Kishinev, Moldavian SSR, 12-17 October 1987 : proceedings
Microbial control of plant pests and diseases
Biological control successes and failures
Trophic and guild interactions in biological control
Overview of benefits and risks of biological control introductions : preface
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 8 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Lepidoptera (N-P)
Insect antifeedants
International conference "Biological Control of Vectors with Predaceous Arthropods" (7-10 January 1988) : abstracts
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 7, Parasites of the Lepidoptera (G-M)
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on Postharvest Science : Jerusalem, Israel, 26-31 March 2000.. Vol. 2
Handbook of biological control : principles and applications of biological control
Biocontrol of the pollen beetle in rapeseed : which strategy?
Creeping bentgrass management : summer stresses, weeds and selected maladies
An introduction to biological control
Aspects of the biology of Botrytis cinerea in strawberry (Fragaria x ananassa), and alternative methods for disease control = Botrytis cinerea i jordbær (Fragaria x ananassa): undersøkelser av biologi, og alternative metoder for bekjempelse
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Risks of impostation and release of exotic biological control agents : how to determine specificity?
Proceedings of the International Symposium Biological Control of Postharvest Diseases : Challenges and Opportunities : Leesburg, Virginia, USA October 25-28, 2010
Some beneficial insects
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 3, Parasites of the Hemiptera
Biology in pest and disease control : the 13th Symposium of the British Ecological Society, Oxford, 4-7 January 1972
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 3, Hosts of the hymenoptera (calliceratid to evaniid)
Biological and agrotechnical control of the rape blossom beetle Meligethes aeneus (Coleoptera, Nitidulidae)
Biocontrol news and information
Biocontrol in milk : effects of lactic acid bacteria on Bacillus cereus = Biokontroll av melk : virkning av melkesyrebakterier på Bacillus cereus
Impact of predators on pollen beetle Meligethes aeneus on rapeseed in Finland
Biological control of insect pests and weeds
Ecological risks of biological control agents : impacts on IPM
Microbial control of grasshoppers and locusts
Enhancement of generalist aphid predators in cereals : effect of green manuring on recruitment of ground beetles (Col., Carabidae)
Biological control of plant diseases : pilot survey
Biological control of the greenhouse whitefly, Trialeurodes vaporariorum (Homoptera, Aleyrodidae)
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Biological control of plant pathogens
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 9, Parasites of the Lepidoptera (Q-Z)
Assessing the potential for seven spot ladybird (Coccinella septempunctata) to control  the blackcurrant aphid (Cryptomyzus galeopsidis)
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Conidial germination initiation in the fungal antagonist Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P1 in the context of biological control of plant disease = Betydning av spirigaktivisering i den antagonistiske soppen Trichoderma harzianum (atroviride) P! for biologisk kontroll av plantesykdommer
Nematodes for biological control of insects
Biological control of pests on Finnish greenhouse vegetables
Environmental impacts of microbial insecticides : need and methods for risk assessment
Environmental impact of invertebrates for biological control of Arthropods : methods and risk assessment : Workshop report
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 5 , Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Lepidoptera (A-CH)
New technology of pest control
Biological control agents : safety and regulatory policy
Biological control of weeds with plant pathogens
Evolution in the interaction between the new association host Nezara viridula and its parasitoid Trichopoda pennipes
The new association hypothesis revisited : analysis of the BIOCAT database
Biological control by natural enemies
Demonstrating the safety of biocontrol
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 6, Parasites of the Lepidoptera (CI-F)
The biocontrol agent phlebiopsis gigantea : efficacy and impacts on the stump bacterial biota and conifer tree defences
Priming capacities of endophytic Methylobacterium sp. on potato (Solanum tuberosum L.)
Biological pest control : the glasshouse experience
Ecological risk assessment framework for biological control agents
Nematodes as biocontrol agents
Implementation of biocontrol in practice in temperate regions - present and near future : proceedings of the international workshop at Research Centre Flakkebjerg, Denmark on November 1 to 3, 2005.
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 2, Host parasite catalogue : Part 4, Hosts of the hymenoptera (ichneumonidae)
Controlling fruit flies by the sterile-insect technique : proceedings of a Panel and Research Co-ordination Meeting on the Sterile-Male Technique for Control of Fruit Flies organized by the joint FAO/IAEA Division of Atomic Energy in Food and Agriculture, Vienna, 12-16 November 1973.
Rearing and application of the peach aphid parasite, Aphidius matricariae (Hymenoptera, Aphidiidae)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, pt. 7, Parasite host catalogue: Parasites of the Lepidoptera (G-M)
Priming capacities of endophytic <em>Methylobacterium</em> sp. on potato (<em>Solanum tuberosum</em> L.)
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section 1, Parasite host catalogue. Part 8, Parasites of the Lepidoptera (N-P)
Physiological and molecular analysis of the interaction between the conifer pathogen Heterobasidion annosum s.I. and Phlebiopsis gigantea
Seed mixture to attract natural enemies
Colored moderately thermophilic bacteria in paper-machine biofilms
Insect liberations in Canada : parasites and predators 1986 = Lâchers d'insectes au Canada : parasites et prédateurs 1986
Biological control of Thrips tabaci (Thysanoptera, Thripidae) on greenhouse cucumber
The role of genetics and evolution in biological control : Abstracts of the Global IOBC International Symposium
Insecticidal, repellent, antimicrobial activity and phytotoxicity of essential oils: With special reference to limonene and its suitability for control of insect pests : Review
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Fungi occurring on selected weeds : a compilation from literature data
A catalogue of the parasites and predators of insect pests. Section, Parasite host catalogue. Part 5, Parasites of the Lepidoptera (A-CH)
