http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15960 existence
existence
The concept of Christ's preexistence in the trinitarian theology of Robert W. Jenson : an exposition and critique
Heidegger and the philosophy of mind
Existential counselling & psychotherapy in practice
Being and time
Existentialism : a reconstruction
Heidegger and cognitive science
Negation and non-being
The void
The philosophy of Martin Heidegger
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
Ancient pathways and hidden pursuits : religion, morals, and magic in the ancient world
Expressing existence in Flemish Sign Language
Heidegger's Being and Time
Geodiversity as a lived world : on the geography of existence
Relational Being first builds on the broad discontent with the individualist tradition in which the rational agent, or autonomous self, is considered the fundamental atom of social life. Speaking to scholars and social practitioners, the work sets out to develop and illustrate a far more radical and potentially exciting landscape of relational thought and practice. It carves out a space of understanding in which relational process stands prior to the very concept of the individual. More broadly, the book attempts to develop a thoroughgoing relational account of human activity. As Gergen proposes, all meaning grows from coordinated action, or coaction, and thus, all that we hold to be real, rational, and valuable depends on the well-being of our relationships. Gergen reconstitutes the mind as a manifestation of relationships and bears out these ideas in everyday life and professional practices, including psychotherapy, collaborative classrooms, and organizational development. He questions the idea of mental illness, and focuses on therapy as a means of fostering relational recovery. Gergen also explores the ways in which what we call knowledge issues from communities, rather than from individual minds. The volume concludes with an innovative exploration of moral action and spirituality.
Ethical unthinkabilities and philosophical seriousness
Descartes' metaphysics of thinking
An inquiry into modes of existence : an anthropology of the moderns
Poetics of subjectivity : existence and expressivity in Simone de Beauvoir's philosophy
The outsider
God and being : an enquiry
The silence of animals : on progress and other modern myths
The mystery of being. Vol. 2, Faith and reality
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
The end of existence : membership and metaphysics
Heidegger reexamined: Vol. 1, Dasein, authenticity, and death
Waiting for Godot
Illustrations of being : drawing upon Heidegger and upon metaphysics
The search for authenticity : an existential-analytic approach to psychotherapy
Living with a wild God : a non-believer's search for the truth about everything
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Science, language and the human condition
Philosophy of technology
The godless delusion : Dawkins and the limits of human sight
Does the world exist? : plurisignificant ciphering of reality
Living poetically in the modern age : the situational aspects of Kierkegaard's thought
Tim Crane addresses the ancient question of how it is possible to think about what does not exist. He argues that the representation of the non-existent is a pervasive feature of our thought about the world, and that to understand thought's representational power we need to understand the representation of the non-existent.
Kierkegaard : a critical reader
The wisdom of the overself
Introducing existentialism
On the interpretation of "De interpretatione" XII-XIII
Why does the world exist? : an existential detective story
Arguing about gods
The experience of nothingness
The apologetics of joy : a case for the existence of God from C. S. Lewis's argument from desire
Heidegger and a metaphysics of feeling : angst and the finitude of being
Punk science : inside the mind of God
Being, essence, and substance in Plato and Aristotle
Revolution in poetic consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 3, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of fantasy : the ethos of anonymity
From morality to metaphysics : the theistic implications of our ethical commitments
Relational being : beyond self and community
Handbook of experimental existential psychology
The mystery of existence : why is there anything at all?
Lived images : mediations in experience, life-world and I-hood
The inspirational atheist : wise words on the wonder and meaning of life
Television and the meaning of 'live' : an enquiry into human situation
Heidegger on being and acting : from principles to anarchy
The problem of existence
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
Modern concepts of existentialism : essays on Sartrean problems in philosophy, political theory and aesthetics
Like circles on the water : a study of adolescent identity
On time and being
Mit채 me oikeastaan tied채mme?! : What the bleep do we (k)now?!
On Jean-Luc Nancy : the sense of philosophy
Discovering existence with Husserl
The visible and the invisible in the interplay between philosophy, literature and reality
On being and essence
Eclipse of man : human extinction and the meaning of progress
Complicated presence : the unity of being in Parmenides and Heidegger
Why the world does not exist
A metaphysics for the mob : the philosophy of George Berkeley
Eccentric existence : a theological anthropology. Volume 1
Metaphysics : the big questions
The doctrine of the Trinity : God's being is in becoming
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Revolution in Poetic Consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol.1, Poetry, self and culture
Being and Listening : counselling, psychoanalysis & the ontology of listening
Nothing : from absolute zero to cosmic oblivion : amazing insights into nothingness
A universe from nothing : why there is something rather than nothing
Among all the arguments for the existence of God there may be none more personal and intimate than C. S. Lewis's Argument from Desire. This book attempts to explain what the Argument from Desire is and why we believe that the argument is an inductively strong one. In the spirit of C. S. Lewis, Augustine, and Pascal, this book invites both the head and the heart of the reader to consider the case for God's existence. While many arguments look out to the external world for evidence of God's existence, this book calls the reader to look inward to the human heart. While learning from classical thinkers (particularly C. S. Lewis) the Argument from Desire will bring both intuition and experience together to demonstrate the truth of divine presence in the world. The reader will walk away with either a newfound faith or a reinforced conviction that has a strong intellectual and experiential dimension.
Religion and human nature
Kierkegaard and Levinas : the subjunctive mood
On being : a scientist's exploration of the great questions of existence
The necessity of being
Otherwise than being or beyond essence
Heidegger's analytic : interpretation, discourse, and authenticity in Being and Time
The mystery of being. Vol. 1, Reflection and mystery
Heidegger and the thinking of place : explorations in the topology of being
Moderate nominalism and moderate realism
How to make a human being : a body of evidence
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
Thinking it through : an introduction to contemporary philosophy
Existence and existents
The objects of thought
Routledge philosophy guidebook to Heidegger and being and time
Does Santa exist? : a philosophical investigation
The meaning of human existence
Better never to have been : the harm of coming into existence
What is existential anthropology?
I and thou
Abstract.
Zeitgeist und Zeitwende in Psychotherapie und Kultur : Beitr채ge der Tagung, 6.-8. Mai 1999 in Z체rich = Zeitgeist and the millennium in psychotherapy and culture
The basic problems of phenomenology
What the bleep do we (k)now!? : discovering the endless possibilities for altering your everyday reality
The castle
Descartes' Cogito : a reading of certainty of the existence of a thinking thing a Cartesian metaphysics
Being given : toward a phenomenology of givenness
The self?
How to be an existentialist, or, How to get real, get a grip and stop making excuses
The quality of social existence in a globalizing world
The limits of analysis
Why there almost certainly is a God : Doubting Dawkins
Anthropology, otherness, and existential enterprise
Phenomenology of perception
Teachings of the Buddha : the wisdom of the dharma, from the pali canon to the sutras
Time and modes of being
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Worldly and unworldly flavors : toward the essence of writing
Existence in the details : theory and methodology in existential anthropology
Meaning and existence
Revolution in Poetic Consciousness : an existential reading of mid-twentieth-century British woman's poetry. Vol. 2, Poetic consciousness and lyrical expression : the ethos of Interiority : the ethos of the numinous
Subjects of experience
God as otherwise than being : toward a semantics of the gift
Being and nothingness : an essay on phenomenological ontology
