http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15953 electricity consumption
electricity consumption
Energiatilastot 2001 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Energiatilastot 1997 = Energiastatistik = Energy statistics
Energiatilasto 2003 : energy statistics
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2007 : yearbook 2007 = Energy statistics
Finding value in big data : statistical analysis of large data sets with applications in electric power systems
LVIS-2000 : future building services : interim report 1988-1990
Networks and demand : the use of electricity in an industrial process
Finnish energy economy up to 2025 : some development paths : executive summary
Energy supply and consumption
Automatic current measuring system
Energy consumption in households
Et effektivt kraftmarked : konsekvenser for kraftkrevende næringer og regioner
Power statistics & trends 2011 : full report
Plant engineers and managers guide to energy conservation
The role of industry in the electrification of Finland
Smart power generation
LVIS-2000 : future building services : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
Electric power system applications of optimization
Measuring willingness to pay for electricity : July 2002
Long-term investment planning of electricity distribution networks considering the uncertainty of load forecasts
Eco house manual
Caring to be competitive : a case study
Energy plan of Karelia
Abstract (s. 5).
Impacts on the energy sector and adaptation of the electricity network business under a changing climate in Finland
Development of energy efficiency indicators
Energy in Finland 2002
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes : assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Advances in business marketing and purchasing. Vol. 6, Handbook of business-to-business marketing management
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
Green communications and networking
Intelligent information services in environmental applications
Use of an expert system for energy cost calculations in the pulp and paper industry
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Energiatilastot 1998 = Energiastatistik = Energy statistics
Renewable Energy Systems : Advanced Conversion Technologies and Applications
Solar power for your home
Energy-efficient electric motors
Energy use in manufacturing
Electricity demand in the People's Republic of China : investment requirement and environmental impact
Grid integration of electric vehicles in open electricity markets
Power and performance management strategies on NoC-based multicore platforms using DVFS adaptive algorithm and task parallelism
Climate change and electricity consumption in Baden-Wuerttemberg : the effects of long-term temperature variations and extreme hot weather events on the demand for electricity
Notes on the properties of dynamic programming used in direct load control scheduling
Optimal load clipping with time of use rates
Energiatilastot = Energistatistik = Energy statistics. 1995.
Abstract: Comparison of wind energy production and energy consumption.
Improving residential electricity services : a cooperative venture for a new billing system
Energiatilastot 2002 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Effects of climate change on the production and consumption of electricity in Finland
An architecture for wireless sensors in distributed management of electrical distribution systems
Energiatilasto = Energy statistics. 2004.
Life cycle assessment of light sources : case studies and review of the analyses
Abstract in English.
Spatial electric load forecasting
Assessing the uncertainties of climate policies and mitigation measures : viewpoints on biofuel production, grid electricity consumption and differentiation of emission reduction commitments
Effects of climate change on electricity consumption : a review of the methods available in the Nordic countries for the Nordic research project "Climate change and energy production"
Short term load forecasting in communal electric utilities
Gadgets and gigawatts : policies for energy efficient electronics
Energiatilastot. 1999.
Energiatilastot 1996 = Energiastatistik = Energy statistics
Energiatilastot 2000 = Energistatistik = Energy statistics
Real-time thermal state and component loading estimation in active distribution networks
Energy Optimal Control of Interior permanenet magnet synchronous motor : vector controlled scheme for IPMSM and energy optimal control using d axis current
Europe's energy position : annual report
Sustainable production consumption systems : knowledge, engagement and practice
Scenarios for a future electricity supply : cost-optimised variations on supplying Europe and its neighbours with electricity from renewable energies
Engineering solutions for sustainability : materials and resources : workshop report and recommendations
Demonstrations of electric heating systems : final report
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Guidelines for environmental impact assessment in development assistance draft 15 July 1989
Mild weather and prolonged paper industry dispute reduced electricity consumption
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
Utopia : can we achieve it?
PV System Design and Feasibility Study for Juhannuslehto Business Park
Data collection network architectures for automatic meter reading and telemetry
Linkki : research program on consumer habits and energy conservation : summary report
Energiatilasto : vuosikirja 2011 = Energy statistics : Yearbook 2011.
The aim of this thesis was to study the energy consumption at the plant of Genencor International Inc. in Hanko. The intention was to develop a monitoring system for energy consumption anf energy efficiency covering steam and electricity. based on the survay, the purpose was to find potential energy savings and to improve the efficient use of energy by monitoring and narrowing the grey area of energy consumption. The distribution of energy was identifies and the most significant energy consumers were selected for more detailed analysis. The data collection version was developed on Excel whereas the visual version of the consumption system was created by using the OSI-PI software. In the consumption monitoring system are considered the most significant energy consumers and the biggest products. The energy consumption was calculated in theory and compared to the total use of energy. The error between the theoretical and the actual consumption was taken into account in the error consideration. The extent of the grey area proved to be greater than estimated, especially the grey area of steam consumption. The next phase will be to plan the identification of the grey area more accurately and perhaps to estimate the need for acquisitiion of new fixed meters for monitoring the energy consumption more reliably than at the present.
Energy sector in Russia : economic and business outlook
Energy consumption of workstations and external devices in school of business and information technology
