http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1596 forms of government
forms of government
Democratic Finland
The eighteenth-century constitution 1688-1815 : documents and commentary
Fundamental rights in Finland's form of government act : a foreigner's perspective
The role of the Finnish presidency
On liberty and other essays
Constitutional royalism and the search for settlement, c. 1640-1649
Comparative government : an introduction
The English constitution
General theory of law and state
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 3, Oman-Zimbabwe
Dynamic Finland : the political system and the welfare state
The constitutional history of England : in its origin and development. 1-3
The evolution of a constitution : eight key moments in British constitutional history
Constitutional administration in Italy
American Government : structure, problems, and politics
Democracy in Finland
The United States constitution : 200 years of anti-federalist, abolitionist, feminist, muckraking, progressive and espeially socialist criticism
Autocratic, democratic, and optimal government : fiscal choices and economic outcomes
Lectures on international trade
Scandinavian politics today
The changing constitution
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
The government and politics of Japan
Constitutional theory
Kenya : the struggle for a new constitutional order
Developing decision support in participatory strategic forest planning in Metsähallitus
The historical background of Finnish democracy
The rise and decline of the state
Making the European polity : reflexive integration in the EU
The Armenian constitutional system in the Ottoman Empire 1839-1863 : a study of its historical development
Life in modern America
The democracy sourcebook
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 2, Gabon-Norway
Contemporary Chinese politics : new sources, methods, and field strategies
Democracy in the Arab world : explaining the deficit
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 2, The intermediate ages
Modern political systems : Europe
Labels and jurisdictions: an empirical critique of standard models of portfolio allocation in political science
Comparative government : a reader
Abstract: Order or autonomy? The concept of power in the Finnish constitutional debate of 1918.
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 1, Ancient monarchies and empires
The governments of foreign powers
Surplus majority goverment : a comparative study of Italy and Finland
The parliamentary system in Finland
Carnuntum and the filii augustorum
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 1, Afghanistan-France
Written constitutions : a computerized comparative study
The book of rule : how the world is governed
Government innovation support for commercialisation of research, new R&D performers and R&D networks : case studies from France (Lorraine), Germany (Bayern), Ireland, Korea, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Singapore and Sweden
Patterns of government : the major political systems of Europe
The constitution of Finland
"Contemporary Chinese Politics: Sources, Methods, and Field Strategies considers how new and diverse sources and methods are changing the study of Chinese politics. Contributors spanning three generations in China studies place their distinct qualitative and quantitative methodological approaches in the framework of the discipline and point to challenges or opportunities (or both) of adapting new sources and methods to the study of contemporary China. How can we more effectively use new sources and methods of data collection? How can we better integrate the study of Chinese politics into the discipline of political science, to the betterment of both? How can we more appropriately manage the logistical and ethical problems of doing political research in the challenging Chinese environment? In addressing these questions, this comprehensive methodological survey will be of immense interest to graduate students heading into the field for the first time and experienced scholars looking to keep abreast of the state of the art in the study of Chinese politics"--
On the constitutional features of Estonia
Coalition governments in western Europe
The republic of Finland, it̕ s political and administrative structure
To keep the Republic : governing the United States in its third century
The British constitution in the twentieth century
An important interrogation of the 2010 Kenyan constitution and its implications for the country's deep-seated problems of state and society.
The Indian constitution : cornerstone of a nation
The decline of constitutional democracy in Indonesia
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. Pt 1, The powers of government. Vol. 1, Federal and state powers
Hobbes and Rousseau : a collection of critical essays
Political systems of East Asia : China, Korea, and Japan
A commentarv on the constitution of the United States. Pt 1, The powers of government. Vol. 1, Federal and state powers
Montesquieu in the Pacific : cabinet recriutment patterns in eleven small island states
The English constitution : with a bibliography on British central government and politics
Governance in the Asia-Pacific
The political institutions of Switzerland
Constitution 2000 and Parliament
Introduction to American government
Governing Japan : divided politics in a resurgent economy
A commentary on the constitution of the United States. Pt 1, The powers of government. Vol. 2, Powers of the president
Finland : a democracy of the North : selected articles from the Finland year book, 1947.
The history of government from the earliest times. Vol. 3, Empires, monarchies, and the modern state
Constitutional law in Ireland
Power and the people : a guide to constitutional reform
Constitutional reform in the United Kingdom
