http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15906 fables
fables
"This work studies two medieval translations of Aesop's fables, one in Latin (Esopus moralisatus,1497) and one in vernacular Italian (Aesopi fabule,1526), with a close examination of how each translation reflected its audience and its translator. It offers close readings of the "Feast of Tongues" along with six fables common to both texts"--Provided by publisher.
The English fable : Aesop and literary culture, 1651-1740
Memoirs of a porcupine
Kalila and Dimna : selected fables of Bidpai
The little red hen and the grains of wheat
Children's treasury : fairy tales, nursery rhymes & nonsense verse
Clever rabbit and the lion
One hundred allegorical tales from traditional China
Contains sixty fables by seventeenth-century French poet, Jean de La Fontaine including "The Grasshopper and the Ant," "The Two Mules," and "The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse" / WorldCat.
Aesop's fables for children
The ancient fable : an introduction
Religion after postmodernism : retheorizing myth and literature
History of the Graeco-Latin fable. Vol. 1, Introduction and, From the origins to to the Hellenistic age
The heirs of Assyria : proceedings of the Opening Symposium of the Assyrian and Babylonian Intellectual Heritage Project Held in Tvärminne, Finland, October 8-11, 1998
For the love of fables
The craft of La Fontaine
The man who lived in Sorcy Wood
In La Fontaine's labyrinth : a thread through the Fables
Doré's illustrations for the Fables of La Fontaine
The daydreamer
The structural-semantic types of Lithuanian folk tales. Volume I, Genres and tale types
Telling tales on Caesar : Roman stories from Phaedrus
History of the Graeco-Latin fable. Vol. 3, Inventory and documentation of the Graeco-Latin fable
Feminist fables : Saint Suniti and the dragon
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. Pérez y Martina = Pérez and Martina
Lepuri dhe breshka = The hare and the tortoise
The hare and the tortoise
Aesop and the imprint of medieval thought : a study of six fables as translated at the end of the Middle Ages
History of the Graeco-Latin fable. Vol. 2, The fable during the Roman Empire and in the Middle Ages
The Panćatantra
The wolf among us : Xbox 360.
The riddles of Harry Potter : secret passages and interpretive quests
The lion and the mouse
Brewer's concise dictionary of phrase & fable
The fables of 'Walter of England'
The wolf among us : Xbox 360
Short studies on great subjects : in two volumes. Vol. 1
Animal magic : essays on animals in the American imagination
An illustrated collection of folktales from Finland, including the magical tale "Vaino and the Swan Princess," the humorous story "The Pig-headed Wife," and the fable "The Bear Goes Fishing."
Madness transformed : a reading of Ovid's Metamorphoses
Talking animals in British children's fiction, 1786-1914
The town mouse and the country mouse
The wolf among us : Xbox One
The fox and the crow
"Hie lert uns der meister" : Latin commentary and the German fable, 1350-1500
The lion & the mouse
Aesop's anthropology : a multispecies approach
Wo(men) and Bears : the gifts of nature, culture and gender revisited
Middle English animal literature
Tales from a Finnish tupa
The manuscript of Kalila wa Dimna
Babrius and Phaedrus
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. El pájaro Cú = The Cú bird
Animal allegories in T'ang China
Our fellow creatures
The Daydreamer
Buddhist animal wisdom stories
Fables of modernity : literature and culture in the English eighteenth century
The Fables of La Fontaine : wisdom brought down to earth
The wolf among us : PlayStation 3
Fables of Aesop
The complete fables
Aboriginal myths, legends and fables
Contemporary Chinese fables
What are the animals to us? : approaches from science, religion, folklore, literature, and art
The parasite
The moral authority of nature
Touchstones : reflections on the best in children's literature. Vol. 2, Fairy tales, fables, myths, legends, and poetry
A web of fantasies : gaze, image, and gender in Ovid's Metamorphoses
The Tortoise and the hare Aesop's fable
Kipling's children's literature : language, identity, and constructions of childhood
Film fables : Jacques Rancière ; translated by Emiliano Battista
Reynard the Fox : tales from the life of Reynard the Fox
The great fables of all nations
The fox woman
The tortoise and the hare
How bear lost his tail
The wolf among us : PS3
The moral fables of Aesop
The mythiambi of Babrius : notes on the constitution of the text
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. Las manchas del sapo = How the toad got his spots
The mythographic art : classical fable and the rise of the vernacular in early France and England
The Christmas pig : a fable
Duncton tales
Hungarian poems and fables for English readers
Animal farm : a fairy story
