http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15979 young adults
young adults
The pregnant widow : inside history
Did I mention I need you?
Loneliness in childhood and adolescence
Doctor Who : the card game
Wildwood dancing
Young men with asthma : prognosis and effect on work ability : report from the research project 108327 for the Finnish Work Environment Fund
Scouts guide to the Zombie Apocalypse
Cochlear implants : a collection of experiences of users of all ages
Vulnerability and young people : care and social control in policy and practice
The facts about alcohol, aggression and adolescence
Background and Aims      The aim of this study was to identify problematic gaming behavior among Finnish adolescents and young adults, and evaluate its connection to a variety of psychological, social, and physical health symptoms.        Methods      This cross-sectional study was conducted with a random sample of 293 respondents aged from 13 to 24 years. Participants completed an online survey. Problematic gaming behavior was measured with the Game Addiction Scale (GAS). Self-reports covered health measures such as psychological health (psychopathological symptoms, satisfaction with life), social health (preferences for social interaction), and physical health (general health, Body Mass Index [BMI], body discomfort, physical activity).        Results      Problematic gaming behavior was found to relate to psychological and health problems, namely fatigue, sleep interference, depression and anxiety symptoms. Multiple linear regression indicated that the amount of weekly gaming, depression and a preference for online social interaction predicted increased problematic gaming symptoms.        Conclusions      This research emphasized that problematic gaming behavior had a strong negative correlation to a variety of subjective health outcomes.
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Effects of personal traits on Generation Y consumers' attitudes toward the use of mobile devices for communication and commerce
American English file. 1 : class DVD
The story of Kullervo
Contemporary dystopian fiction for young adults : brave new teenagers
Smashed : growing up a drunk girl
Ashfall
Generation Y and the new rules of management
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concert of students in their twenties
Shortcomings
Osteonecrosis in children, adolescents and young adults treated for cancer
Abstract.
Stuff I wish I'd known when I started working
Life, only better ; Mathilde ; Yann
Self-service technology in hotel reseption : finnish customer perceptions
No boyz allowed
Health information matters:everyday health information literacy and behaviour in relation to health behaviour and physical health among young men
The planet Kerenza is attacked, and Kady and Ezra find themselves on a space fleet fleeing the enemy, while their ship's artificial intelligence system and a deadly plague may be the end of them all -
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Whoever is born here, is doomed to stay 'til death. Whoever settles, never leaves.  Welcome to Black Spring, the seemingly picturesque Hudson Valley town haunted by the Black Rock Witch, a 17th century woman whose eyes and mouth are sewn shut. Muzzled, she walks the streets and enters your homes at will. She stands next to your bed for nights on end. Everybody knows that her eyes may never be opened.  The elders of Black Spring have virtually quarantined the town by using high-tech surveillance to prevent their curse from spreading. Frustrated with being kept in lockdown, the town's teenagers decide to break their strict regulations and go viral with the haunting, but in so doing send the town spiraling into the dark, medieval practices of the past.
Communication disorders in educational and medical settings : an introduction for speech-language pathologists, educators, and health professionals
Young Catholics reshaping the Church
Rich girl poor girl
The young mind
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Crossing boundaries : African American inner city and European migrant youth
The hungry student vegetarian cookbook : more than 200 quick and simple recipes
Nothing but shadows : Shadowhunters
Tripillä. directed by Matt Walsh /.
The illusion of the prolongation of youth
Stress, trauma, and posttraumatic growth : social context, environment, and identities
Lifespan perspectives on the family and disability
The many faces of life satisfaction among Finnish young adults'
FreakAngels. Volume three
The passage from youth to adulthood : narrative and cultural thresholds
Darkness before dawn
Specific language impairment in pre-adolescence, adolescence, and adulthood with special emphasis on health-related quality of life
A Travel Plan to Japan for Young Adults
The stuff you can't bottle : advertising for the global youth market
Infinite
Insatiable
The individual and his religion : a psychological interpretation
The girl of fire and thorns
In the kingdom of men
The London pigeon wars
Identifying dental restorative treatment need in healthy young adults at individual and population level
UnWholly
Face2face. Elementary student's book
The wish list
Finding love online : a study on British young adults' self-presentation and mate-preferences in online dating
Healthy young adults' oral health and associated factors:cross-sectional epidemiological study
The indestructible fairy tale : the role and meaning of fairy tales for adult women
Being boys : youth, leisure and identity in the inter-war years
A student of weather
Souls in transition : the religious and spiritual lives of emerging adults
Guidelines for library services for young adults
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine:prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Travel Behaviour of Different Ages
The Devil's Angel
The emperor's children
Mystery of the Abbey
Tobacco and health:a study of young adults in Northern Finland
Developmental sport and exercise psychology : a lifespan perspective
Cleaning agents from the viewpoint of young adults
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Degenerative findings on MRI of the lumbar spine : prevalence, environmental determinants and association with low back symptoms
Minding the child : mentalization-based interventions with children, young people and their families
Problematic digital gaming behavior and its relation to the psychological, social and physical health of Finnish adolescents and young adults
Clinical psychology in practice
Stories for young people
Changes of the prevalence of adolescent mental problems during the last decade (2003-2013)
Attracting new audiences : attitudes and experiences in attending classical music concerts of students in their twenties
Depression in association with birth weight, age at menarche, obesity and metabolic syndrome in young adults : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
Physical education for lifelong fitness : the Physical Best teacher's guide
American English file. 4
Long QT Syndrome : a pamphlet for community awareness in prevention of sudden cardiac death in the young
River road
Someday this pain will be useful to you
Different working memory capacity in normal young adults for visual and tactile letter recognition task
When the space station Heimdall is invaded, Hannah and Nik must work together to defeat the enemy. --
The sweet poison of love in adolescence and early adulthood
The thousandth floor
Multimodal psychiatric music therapy for adults, adolescents and children : a clinical manual
Sugar and spice
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
""If I could take what I've learned and make one menial job easier for you, or prevent you from having the kind of sex where you feel you must keep your sneakers on in case you want to run away during the act, then every misstep of mine was worthwhile. I'm already predicting my future shame at thinking I had anything to offer you, but also my future glory in having stopped you from trying an expensive juice cleanse or thinking that it was your fault when the person you are dating suddenly backs away, intimidated by the clarity of your personal mission here on earth. No, I am not a sexpert, a psychologist or a dietician. I am not a mother of three or the owner of a successful hosiery franchise. But I am a girl with a keen interest in having it all, and what follows are hopeful dispatches from the frontlines of that struggle."
This is where it ends
"A love story set in the gritty yet magnificent theater world of 1970's London"--
Abstract. - Sammandrag.
Effect of chronic physical diseases since childhood on mental health disorders in early adulthood
Finnish-German young adult's bicultural identity and its realization in Finland
Drugs, clubs, and young people : sociological and public health perspectives
Quality of life in adolescents and young adults after traumatic experience
Face2face. Pre-intermediate student's book
Ghost flower
Adolescence and emerging adulthood : a cultural approach
Late mortality and cardiovascular morbidity after cancer at a young age in Finland
How to Create Value in the Phonographic Industry for Consumers Between the Ages of 20-25? : A Study on whether Consumers Who Find Value in Artists Show More Behavioural Intent to Buy than Those Who Do Not, with Regard to the Phonographic Industry
Read to succeed : strategies to engage children and young people in reading for pleasure
Ashen winter
Villimpi Pohjola = Northern overexposure
The falconer
Yes, No, Maybe: Fertility Intentions and Reasons Behind Them Among Childless Finnish Men and Women
Supporting children with learning difficulties : holistic solutions for severe, profound and multiple disabilities
Fallout : a novel
The recovery
Human sexuality in a world of diversity
Misleading trajectories : integration policies for young adults in Europe?
Cognitive-behavioural therapy for ADHD in adolescents and adults : a psychological guide to practice
The children's crusade
When Jenny Thornton and her six friends open the white box given to her by the mysterious Julian, they discover a strange game and enter a house of horrors full of their worst nightmares, where they must triumph or die.
Achievement strategies in adolescence and young adulthood
The day I turned uncool : confessions of a reluctant grown-up
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2013 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2013 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2013
Problematic Gaming Behaviour in Finnish Adolescents and Young Adults : Relation to Game Genres, Gaming Motives and Self-Awareness of Problematic Use
Buy me the sky : the remarkable truth of China's one-child generations
The whole library handbook : teen Services
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Old magic
For the first time, there is an anthology of monologues for young people available, taken from plays commissioned as part of the National Theatre Connections over the past 20 years. Always drawing together the work of 10 leading playwrights - a mixture of established and current writers – the annual National Theatre Connections anthologies offer young performers between the ages of 13 and 19 an engaging selection of plays to perform, read or study. Each play is specifically commissioned by the National Theatre's literary department and reflects the past year's programming at the venue in the plays' ideas, themes and styles. The plays are performed by approximately 200 schools and youth theatre companies across the UK and Ireland, in partnership with multiple professional regional theatres where the works are showcased. This anthology of 100 monologues is the ideal resource for teenagers and young people attending auditions either in the amateur or professional theatre world; students leaving secondary school to audition for drama school; as well as teachers of English and Drama looking for suitable dramatic for their students to engage with and perform. It provides suitable scene-study books that are suitable and relevant to the student in terms of tone, style and content. Young actors who have searched for audition material written in the voice of teenage characters will welcome this resource.
L. A. Candy
European country clusters of transition to adulthood
Supporting adult care-leavers : international good practice
Managing attention and learning disorders in late adolescence and adulthood : a guide for practitioners
Sleep talk : adolescents and young adults with sleeping problems : Handbook for the video "Sleep talk - asiaa nuorten unettomuudesta"
New voices from Iceland : disability and young adulthood
Children of victory : young specialists and the evolution of Soviet society
The invitation
The Heavenstone secrets
The crown of embers
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid and carnosine supplementation's effects on cognitive, behavioural and psychophysiological parameters on healthy young subjects : double-blind, placebo-controlled study
Shatter me
Rough beginnings : executive function in adolescents and young adults after preterm birth and repeat antenatal corticosteroid treatment
Get a life!
The shadow cats
Summer blonde : four stories
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
The aim of this study was to explore the relation between Problematic Gaming Behaviour (PGB) and specific psychological factors (gaming motives, self-awareness of problematic gaming behaviour) and structural factors (game genres) among Finnish adolescents and young adults. A national survey of 271 respondents, aged 13 to 24, participated in the study. The study sample was randomly selected from the Population Register Center. Multiple regression analysis was used as a means of examining links between game genres, gaming motives and PGB. In addition, pairwise comparisons of a non-problematic gaming behavior group and a problematic gaming behavior group were used as a means of examining differences across game genre use and self-awareness of PGB. PGB was particularly associated with the use of a group of games encompassing role-playing, progression (e.g., character development), action and strategy features. The findings indicated that entertainment-achievement, social and escapism motives were associated with PGB. On the whole, this study emphasized that specific game genres and playing motives are involved in problematic use of digital game playing.
Roar and Liv : an under the never sky story
Not that kind of girl : a young woman tells you what she's "learned"
Emerging adulthood : the winding road from the late teens through the twenties
Constructions of ethnic entrepreneurship in the narratives of the adult children of small business owners
Postural balance, isometric trunk muscle strength and low back symptoms among young adults
People skills for young adults
Teenage : the creation of youth culture
Cognitive functioning in alcohol and other substance use disorders in young adulthood : a genetic epidemiological study
UnSouled
Notes from ghost town
Winter tales
Urban teens in the library : research and practice
Religiosity, spirituality and volunteerism: participation and attitudes of urban young adults in Finland
Re-embodied : young women, the body quest and agency in the culture of appearances
Perfected
Autonomy-control variation in child rearing and aspects of personality in young adults
FreakAngels. Volume four
Alcohol drinking behavior and its developmental antecedents
Smart girls get what they want
Motivating young people  : A case study on AIESEC Tampere
Marketing language travel destinations to teenagers and adults : are there differences in language?
Young adults' attitudes towards personnel funds in Finland
Adult and adolescent EFL learners' conceptions of successful and unsuccessful language learning and teaching
Angry young men : how parents, teachers, and counselors can help "bad boys" become good men
In this paper we examine reproductive intentions among childless Finnish men and women aged 18 to 34 years. In Finland, as in other European countries, young adults are postponing parenthood to an ever-later age. Our intention is to investigate expressions of reproductive intentions, and particularly, to focus on the division of intentions between more positive and more hesitant expressions. We examine how education, factors related to economic security and values relate to childbearing hesitation among young adults. We also use information on the reasons that the young themselves have provided to examine differences in fertility intentions. Our study uses a sample of 724 men and women drawn from the PPA2 survey, which focused on Finns attitudes in 2002 toward family and children, family policy measures, values in life, and fertility intentions. We ? nd that education is related to postponement, and that unemployment increases hesitation. Partnership and the state of the relationship are clearly important preconditions for positive childbearing intentions among both men and women. Postponers are more likely to stress reasons that are related to present life situation and are more open to change, while persons who hesitate regarding future childbearing stress longer-standing reasons behind their intentions. .
The world was all before them
Falling back : incarceration and transitions to adulthood among urban youth
On the frontier of adulthood : theory, research, and public policy
City at the end of time
Scouts guide to the zombie apocalypse
UnDivided
An examination of the impact peer pressure has on young adults : drug use & peer pressure
Functioning and quality of life as perspectives of health in patients with juvenile idiopathic arthritis in early adulthood : measurement and long-term outcome
Depressed adolescents grow up : prevalence, course and clinical risk factors of non-suicidal self-injury, suicidal ideation and suicide attempts
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Where rainbows end
American English file. 3
Amsterdam growth and health longitudinal study (AGAHLS) : a 23-year follow-up from teenager to adult about lifestyle and health
The tenderloin
Exclusion from work and studies - a problem for first generation immigrants
Cardiovascular health from childhood to adulthood : with special reference to early vascular changes : The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study
Haunted : the riveting sequel to Dreaming Anastasia
Generation me : why today's young Americans are more confident, assertive, entitled - and more miserable than ever before
The multicultural images of the future of young adults
Brain white matter structure, body mass index and physical activity in individuals at risk for psychosis:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 Study
Development and diagnostics of bacterial acute rhinosinusitis in young adults
Alcohol misuse in relation to traumatic brain injury : the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort study
Personalised assistive products : managing stigma and expressing the self
Abstract: Long QT Syndrome : a pamphlet for community awareness in prevention of sudden cardiac death in the young.
Leisure-time physical activity, body mass index, and waist circumreference : a longitudinal twin study from adolescence to adulthood
Grace's guide : the art of pretending to be a grown-up
Psykiatrinen erikoissairaanhoito 2012 : Psykiatriska specialiserade sjukvården 2012 = Psychiatric specialist medical care 2012
Excellence in library services to young adults : the nation's top programs
Young Adults’ Environmental Knowledge, Attitudes and Travelling Behavior
National Theatre Connections monologues : speeches for young actors
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder : diagnosis and management of ADHD in children, young people and adults
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Indignation
Tarnished
Amortality : the pleasures and perils of living agelessly
Young adult failure to thrive syndrome
