http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15917 DVDs
DVDs
Architectures 3
The art of Eric Gill
Film review. 2004-2005
imovie HD & iDVD 5 : the missing manual
Le lit des amants = rakastavaisten vuode = the lovers' bed
Pâte de verre : with Shin-ichi and Kimiake Higuchi
CD-R/DVD : disc recording demystified
The classical good CD, DVD, & download guide 2007
Indigo : a world of blue
Hiljaisuudesta toiseen = from one's silence to other's
Architectures 1
Come and see
Programming HD DVD and Blu-ray disc : the HD cookbook
Pixoff : 34 short films from Finland
The DVD and the study of film : the attainable text
Tony Cragg
Gothic : Art for England 1400-1547
Win win : English for your business career
Antony Gormley
Contacts. 2 : the renewal of contemporary photography : the world's greatest photographers reveal the secrets behind their images
Boyle family
Blek le Rat : original stencil pioneer : a dvd about one of the world's most influental artists and his effect on street art
The shining = Hohto
Informal archiving systems for digital videos : a proposal for design principles
The art of Henry Moore
Granular synthesis : immersive works
Britain from above
Fellinin Satyricon
The origins of scientific cinematography
Aspect, vol. 3 : the chronicle of new media art
Ian Davenport
KBS TV documentary series featuring Korean history from the Joseon kingdom period to the early 20th century. "This groundbreaking documentary visits major archaeological and historically important sites and contains commentary from prominent scholars and local experts." -- Container.
Hamish Fulton : eyes, feet, road - three connecting walks, one coast to coast route
The history of fine fashion
Flameworking : with Cesar Toffolo
Shakespeare's Globe
Digital video for dummies(R)
Maanmittari = the Surveyor
Glass now
Ninotchka
The Gramophone classical music guide 2008
Aspect, vol. 8 : the chronicle of new media art
One flew over the cuckoo's nest = Yksi lensi yli käenpesän
Film review. 2005-2006
Eco luxury : fashion and conscience
An introduction to Venetian techniques : with William Gudenrath
The videomaker guide to video production
Video out : the story of VJ'ing and Live Video Art
Uhrilampaat = The silence of the lambs
Spencer Tunick in Newcastle Gateshead 17 July 2005
Animation on DVD : the ultimate guide
Constable at Tate
Pinnacle studio 9 for Windows
Rachel Whiteread
Mama Milka : a documentary about Kenya-Finland livestock development programme
Veli Granö 1992-2003 : transit to the invisible
The British face
Pulp fiction
The world of the Lindisfarne Gospels
P[lain] truth : - a film from ♀ to ♂
The art of Helen Chadwick
10 Finnish architects : an outsider's view
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Touch
Kiln formed glass : Rudi Gritsch
Stone rising : the work of Dan Snow
Contacts. 1 : the great tradition of photojournalisn : the world's greatest photographers reveal the secrets behind their images
60 sweep picking licks for contemporaty electric guitar
Break with tradition : impressionism
What is a painting? : realism
Lost Persons Area
Encounters : the meeting of Asia and Europe 1500-1800
Turner at Tate
Swiss fashion show
Adobe premiere pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
An introduction to furnace glassblowing : with William Gudenrath
High Sierra
On the waterfront = Sur les Quais = Die Faust im Nacken = La ley del silencio = Fonte del porto
Greatest hits
Braveheart = taipumaton
Tanssii susien kanssa = Dances with wolves
The off-Hollywood film guide : the definitive guide to independent and foreign films on video and dvd
"The DVD embodies a bold experiment in the delivery of film and in the history of film--a contextualized presentation that offers unusual advantages to students of film, to critics and scholars seeking to document its history, and to directors and other creative figures who wish to speak directly to their audiences. This book examines supplementary features created for DVD releases of film as a form of cinematic appreciation and criticism. Drawing on interviews with DVD producers, directors, and scholars, it explores how the format, at its best, combines the enthusiasm of a fan, cinematic nostalgia, and scholarly insight"--Provided by publisher.
Cane working : with Lino Tagliapietra
The Gramophone classical good CD & DVD guide. 2006
Afro-cuban big band play-along series
Yŏksa sŭpʼesyŏl = Korean history, fresh perspectives
Aspect, vol. 4 : the chronicle of new media art
Architectures 2
Sam Taylor-Wood
Julia Bradbury Railway Walks & Canal Walks
The complete DVD book : designing, producing, and marketing your independent film on DVD
Xizang wangshi = Past of Tibet = Tibet : histoires d'un autre temps = Pasado del Tibet
Scream aim fire : deluxe edition
Twist of fate
iLife '09 : [iPhoto, iMovie, GarageBand, iWeb, iDVD]
Architectures 5
Billy Martin's Life on drums
Engraving on glass with Jir̆i Harcuba
Dead space
Stuart Brisley
Turner and Venice
Alvar Aalto's masterpiece Villa Mairea : a house under the pines
Emotions in man : an interactive dance DVD
Monkey business
Clockwork orange = Kellopeliappelsiini
Arabian Lawrence
Documentary telling the social conditions and life in Tibet, China in 20th century before 1960.
Expressionism / abstraction
Prague quadrennial 2003 : 10th international exhibition of scenography and theatre architecture
Architectures 4
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Play acoustic guitar : Beginning chords, strums and fingerstyle
