http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15945 deontic logic
deontic logic
Norm and action : a logical enquiry
Deontic logic: a personal view
Conditional obligation and temporally dependent necessity : a study in conditional deontic logic
Norms and logic : an investigation of the links between normontology and deontic logic, especially in the work of G. H. von Wright
Following the rules : practical reasoning and deontic constraint
Normative systems in legal and moral theory : Festschrift for Carlos E. Alchourrón and Eugenio Bulygin
Deontic logic : a comprehensive appraisal and a new proposal
New studies in deontic logic : norms, actions, and the foundations of ethics
An essay in deontic logic and the general theory of action : With a bibliography of deontic and imperative logic
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 8
An essay in deontic logic and the general theory of action
On deontic logic, pragamtics and modality
Handbook of philosophical logic. Vol. 2, Extensions of classical logic
The is-ought problem : an investigation in philosophical logic
Deontic logic in computer science : normative system specification
An essay in deontic logic and the general theory of action : with a bibliography of deontic and imperative logic
Deontic logic and legal systems
Preference and obligation : studies in the logic of ethics
Modal logic and classical logic
Philosophical essays in memoriam Georg Henrik von Wright
"Logic and law have a long history in common, but the influence has been mostly one-sided, except perhaps in the 5th and 6th centuries B.C., where disputes at the market place or in tribunals in Greece seem to have stimulated a lot of reflection among sophistic philosophers on such topics as language and truth. Most of the time it was logic that influenced legal thinking, but in the last 50 years logicians began to be interested in normative concepts and hence in law"--
Formal theories of rights
The logic of decision and action
On the strength of commitments
Alternative action theory : simultaneously a critique of Georg Henrik von Wright's practical philosophy
Actions, norms, values : discussions with Georg Henrik von Wright
Rights and decisions : formal models of law and liberalism
Normative structures in natural and artificial systems
It could have been otherwise : contingency and necessity in Dominican theology at Oxford, 1300-1350
Philosophical papers. Vol. 1, Practical reason
Extensions of deontic logic : an investigation into some multi-modal systems
Thinking and doing : the philosophical foundations of institutions
Deontic logic and the semantics of possible worlds
Reasons as defaults
Agency and deontic logic
On the limits of the genre : Roger Roseth as a reader of the sentences
Norms and values
Action, purpose and will : a formal theory
The concept of moral obligation
Deontic logic : introductory and systematic readings
