http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15964 stainless steel
stainless steel
The attachment efficiency of cell-walled and L-forms of Listeria monocytogenes to stainless steel
Precipitation of secondary phases in Duplok 27 duplex stainless steel with emphasis on copper effects : final report
Architects' guide to stainless steel
Physical chemistry of iron and steel manufacture
Practical heat treating
The laser weldability of lean duplex stainless steels
Laboratory simulator for splash zone biofouling and corrosion in paper machine environment
Monitoring of stainless steel laser sintering process : comparative study of the suitability of three monitoring methods
Properties of FeCrAl alloys an austenitic stainless steels for boiler environments
Corrosion of austenitic stainless steels in bleaching filtrates
Abstract.
Global trends speak for stainless
Advances in stainless steels
Dephosphorization of stainless steel : a literature survey
Performance and stability of dye solar cells on stainless steel
Kromipitoisten materiaalien tehokkaampi hyödyntäminen : loppuraportti = Better utilization of Cr-containing materials : final report
Mechanical and corrosion properties of super duplex stainless steel weldments
Dynamic strain aging of austenitic stainless steels and Ni-base alloys
Design Manual for Structural Stainless Steel
Stainless steel masonry support systems : best practice information sheet for specifiers
Steel metallurgy for non-metallurgists
Study on the layers in the film originating from the casting powder between steel shell and mould and associated phenomena in continuous casting of stainless steel
Factors influencing crystallisation from mixed acid pickling baths for stainless steel
Strain rate history effects in a metastable austenitic stainless steel
Effect of nitrogen content on precipitation behaviour and properties of P/M high nitrogen austenitic stainless steels
Seminar on steel structures
On the behaviour ot the process and material in incremental sheet forming
Characterization of process efficiency improvement in laser additive manufacturing
Fabrication and properties of stainless steel sandwich structures
Working capital management in stainless steel industry, case : Avestapolarit Oy
Effect of strain-induced α'-martensite transformation on mechanical properties of metastable austenitic stainless steels
Ductile fracture assessment using parameters from small specimens
Cold-formed steel and stainless steel structures : short course 20-21 August 2009
Superplasticity in stainless steels
Abstract (in Finnish).
Structural design of stainless steel
Standard test method for pitting and crevice corrosion resistance od stainless steels and related alloys by use of ferric chloride solution
On the role of computational thermodynamics in research and development of AOD and CRC processes
12th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress [NKM 12] & EUROCORR '92, Espoo, Finland, 31 May - 4 June 1992. Vol. 1
Thermal fatigue of austenitic and duplex stainless steels
Metal Separator for Copper and Stainless Steel
Use of stainless steel on bus manufacturing industry
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Attachment mechanisms and properties of bacterial biofilms on non-living surfaces
Mechanisms of biofilm formation in paper machine by Bacillus species : the role of Deinococcus geothermalis
Surface modification and passivation of stainless steel
Educational programme stainless steel
Good fabrication in architectural stainless steel
Stainless steel hollow sections handbook
Outokumpu Stainless Corrosion handbook
6th European Stainless Steel Conference : Science and Market, Helsinki, Finland, June 10-13, 2008 : proceedings
Advances in nanoscale functionalization of stainless steel surfaces
Hitsatut pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Welded circular steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
How much stainless steel have you bought recently?
Toughness properties of ferritic stainless steels
Adhesion, presence and antifouling of Deinococcus geothermalis in paper machine environment
Microalloying mediated segregation and interfacial oxidation of FeCr alloys for solid-oxide fuel cell applications
Laser assisted additive manufacturing of stainless steel
Characterization of the effects of different support structures in laser additive manufacturing of stainless steel
Delayed cracking of metastable low-nickel austenitic stainless steels
Laser cladding of inconel alloy 625 over duplex stainless steel 329 for marine riser tensioner's piston rod
Metallic thin film structures and polarization shaping gratings
Design manual for structural stainless steel
Microstructure and properties of reversion treated low-Ni high-Mn austenitic stainless steels
HNS 98 : 5th International Conference on High Nitrogen Steels, Espoo-Finalnd, May 24-26, 1998, Stockholm-Sweden, May 27-28, 1998 : abstracts
Corrosion of high-alloy stainless steels in the wet phosphoric acid
Different approaches for surface modifications : formation of inhibitive film on copper surfaces and surfaces functionalised with Ag nanoparticles
Hot ductility of austenitic and duplex stainless steels under hot rolling conditions
Stainless steels intended for chemical tankers : conditions of approval
Hydrogen effects on austenitic stainless steels and high-strength carbon steels
Five trolls of trollhättan
Environment sensitive cracking of austenitic stainless steel
Corrosion of steel in concrete : understanding, investigation and repair
Mechanical properties of structural steels at high temperatures and after cooling down
Corrosion of high-alloy stainless steels in the marine environment
The purpose of this master’s thesis was to clarify the markets and gather knowledge of the designing and manufacturing of maintenance products made of stainless steel. The commissioner of this work R-taso Oy has designed and manufactured hot dip galvanized maintenance platforms and walkways since 1985. The interest to expand to a new product category comes from the customers’ interest for stainless steel products and on the other hand from the company’s desire to expand the business. In order to identify the market for maintenance platforms made of stainless steel, a market survey was made as part of the thesis. The survey was issued for industrial companies. One target of the thesis was to familiarize with working with stainless steel and implement methods on the company’s production line. Also, a cost of beginning to manufacture products with a new material was calculated. One pilot project was carried out in the end of the thesis work. In that project there was a chance to test the conclusions in practice. That delivery went well and it gave a positive impetus to the intentions to supply stainless steel products. However, the delivered amount was small and there is still a lot of work to do with improving the production line to manufacture the stainless steel products. Because of the positive research results, it was decided that activities to supply stainless steel products will be started. This thesis work gave necessary information to start that project. The thesis master’s personal knowledge of stainless steel and market research grew significantly during the work. From here on, the company should start working to acquire the CE-marking rights for the new products, to train employees, to find out subcontractors and to supply necessary components to the storage. Also, a marketing campaign and marketing materials should be designed.
Unrivalled in the stainless world
Analyzing the influence of process variables in laser cladding of the stainless steel 316L on the structural steel S355
Saumattomat pyöreät teräsputket yleiseen käyttöön : tekniset toimitusehdot : standardi = Seamless steel tubes for mechanical and general engineering purposes : technical delivery conditions. Osa 2 = Part 2, Ruostumattomat teräkset = Stainless steel
Stainless steel tubular handrails and balustrades
Thiosulfate pitting corrosion of stainless steels in paper machine environment
12th Scandinavian Corrosion Congress [NKM 12] & EUROCORR '92, Espoo, Finland, 31 May - 4 June 1992. Vol. 2, A. Nuclear corrosion. - B. Surface science and passivation. - C1. Steel in soil or concrete. - C2. Cathodic protection. - D. Inhibition
Stainless steel in architecture
Stress corrosion cracking of austenitic stainless steel at room temperature
Between creative madness and market realities
Machinability of new high strength stainless steels
The effect of dissolved ozone on the corrosion behaviour of some stainless steels
Characterisation of novel corrosion resistant stainless steel/rubber/composite hybrid structures
Nominal stress range fatigue of stainless steel fillet welds
Maintenance platforms of stainless steel
Prediction of microsegregation and pitting corrosion resistance of austenitic stainless steel welds by modelling
Eurocode 3 : teräsrakenteiden suunnittelu = Design of steel structures. 1-4, Yleiset säännöt. Ruostumattomia teräksiä koskevat lisäsäännöt = General rules. Supplementary rules for stainless steels
Corrosion of austenitic stainless steels : mechanism, mitigation and monitoring
