http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15963 onomastics
onomastics
Proceedings of the XIXth international congress of onomastic sciences : Aberdeen, August 4-11, 1996
The place-names of Birsay
Phylogenetics : the theory and practice of phylogenetic systematics
The book of London place names
Latvian hydronyms of anthroponymic origin
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
History of the study of toponyms in the Uralian languages
Summary: Names of cultivated lands in the land survey catalogues by Johan Haberman - from the Savo region in eastern Finland of the 1620s.
The naming of Russia
Namenforschung : ein internationales Handbuch zur Onomastik = Name studies : an international handbook of onomastics = Les noms propres : manuel international d'onomastique. 1. Teilbd
A dictionary of Jewish names and their history
Exonyms and the international standardisation of geographical names : approaches towards the resolution of an apparent contradiction
Processes by which family-name systems emerge
Names of foreign rule in Finland
A matter of taste : how names, fashions, and culture change
The names of the animals in the Pentateuch in five English Bible translations from the old English to the present-day English period
On the common nomenclature of the British macrolepidoptera
The nomenclature and stages of Roman childhood
Atti del XXII Congresso Internazionale di Scienze Onomastiche, Pisa, 28.8-4.9 2005.. 3, Onomastica letteraria = Names and literature = Namen und Literatur = Onomastique littéraire
Studies on English place-names
What's in a name? : an essay in the psychology of reference
Names of cereals in the Turkic languages
Wondering through Europe : a story of European geographical names
Place names in Finland as cultural heritage
Company names in global markets
Personal names and cultural identity in Namibia
Can you tell nationality by a name? On names as markers of nationality in South Slavonic Europe
Placenames Workshop 2012 : Theme: Management and dissemination of toponymic data online : 24-25 August 2012
Khmer heritage in Thailand with special emphasis on temples, inscriptions, and etymology
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Naming and referring : the semantics and pragmatics of singular terms
Denominando il mondo. Dal nome comune al nome proprio : Atti del simposio internazionale, Zara, 1 - 4 settembre 2004 = Naming the world. From common nouns to proper names. Proceedings from the international symposium, Zadar, September 1st - 4th, 2004
Aspects of Anglo-Scandinavian York
What names reveal about the music style : a study of naming patterns in popular music
Etymologically common hydronyms, toponyms, personal and proper names throughout the Indo-European geographic area
Names and identities : onomastic prosopography
Literature of Somali onomastics & proverbs with comparison of foreign sayings
Toponomy : the lore, laws and language of geographical names
Imin̂ata Makedoniǰa i makedonci vo srednovekovnite izvori = The names Macedonia and Macedonians in medieval sources
Naming names : who, what, where in Irish nomenclature
The Jews in Babylonia during the Chaldean and Achamenian periods : according to the Babylonian sources
Personnamn i Kalmar tänkebok = Personal names in the mediaeval memorandum book of Kalmar
Geographical appellatives in Baltic hydronymy: comparative aspect
Place names in Kauguri county, Latvia : a synchronic-structural analysis of toponyms in an ancient Indo-European and Finno-Ugric contact area
Namenforschung : ein internationales Handbuch zur Onomastik = Name studies : an international handbook of onomastics = Les noms propres : manuel international d'onomastique. 2. Teilbd
Liao : a Manchurian hydronym and its ethnohistorical context
Names and their varieties : a collection of essays in onomastics
The language of names
Karleby, Karlby i Finland and Charlton, Carlton in England : Two name complexes in the light of recent research
Contacts between Italy, Macedonia and Asia Minor during the Pricipate
Their primary focus is the United States, which from its beginnings has been conspicuously preoccupied with identity, self-definition, and self-invention while sharing the concerns of other societies distant in time and place.
Proceedings of the XVIIth International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Helsinki 13-18 August 1990. Vol. 1
A nomenclatural study of the Ganodermataceae Donk
Polyonymous nomenclature in consular dating
What's in a name
Laxdælabygdens ortnamn = The place-names of the Laxdæla region
The prosopography and onomastics of Ithaka in antiquity
Names in multi-lingual, multi-cultural and multi-ethnic contact : proceedings of the 23rd International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : August 17-22, 2008. York University, Toronto, Canada
The functions of semantically transparent given names in anthroponymic systems
Reasons for name changes in Finland
Some additional notes on the macrohydronyms of the Ladoga region
Cross-linguistic queries. Part 1, Focus on geographical names
The Onomasticon of Iudaea : Palaestina and Arabia in the Greek and Latin sources. Volume I, Introduction, sources, major texts
Why are we so often annoyed when somebody gets our name wrong? Because our sense of self is involved, and our names touch on every aspect of our lives. Prospective parents pore over baby-naming books, believing that the right choice will set their infant on the right track. Immigrants change their names to assimilate into American society; blacks to recover their African roots or to establish an Islamic identity; movie stars to conform to Hollywood images of WASP-ness, high society, or exoticism.
The Faroese bird names
Numele şi numirea : interferenţe multietnice în antroponimie = Name and naming : multiethnic connections in anthroponymy = Nom et dénomination : interférences multiethniques dans l'anthroponymie
Scottish place-names : their study and significance
Place names in Finland : settlement history, toponymy, and the Finnish/Swedish language boundary
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
No abstract
Old Eurasian and Amerindian onomastics
Names, ethnicity and populations : tracing identity in space
Finnic personal names on Novgorod birch bark documents
Namenforschung : ein internationales Handbuch zur Onomastik = Name studies : an international handbook of onomastics = Les noms propres : manuel international d'onomastique. Registerbd
The place-names of Shetland
Field work in the U.S.C & G.S
Place names in Suenjel
The vocabulary of Sasanian seals
Abhandlungen der zehnte Internationaler Kongress für Namenforschung, Wien 8.-13.IX.1969 = Proceedings of the 10th International Congress of Onomastic Sciences, Vienna 8.-13.IX.1969 = Actes du dixième Congrès International de Sciences Onomastiques, Vienne (Austria) 8.-13.IX.1969 : Disputationes ad montium vocabula aliorumque nominum significationes pertinentes
Comparison of anthroponymic studies in Latvia and Lithuania
No Abavas līdz Zilupei : vietvārdu colmes īsā vārdnīca = From Abava to Zilupe : the origin of Latvian geographical names : a short dictionary
Gazetteer of Romania : geographical names collcted from the military topographic maps
The Lurline H. Coltharp collection of onomastics : a bibliography
Perspectives of the research of Latvian hydronyms
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
Rule discovery and probabilistic modeling for onomastic data
On sevaral names of Latvian inhabited places
Onoma : bibliographical and information bulletin
Is there Palaeo-European substratum interference in western branches of Uralic?
Computational overview of Finnish hydronyms
Trends in exonym use : proceedings of the 10th UNGEGN Working Group on Exonyms meeting, Tainach, 28 - 30 April 2010
Lapps and labyrinths : Saami prehistory, colonization and cultural resilience
A detailed analysis of Saami prehistory from 5000 BC to AD 1500 along 500 km of the Bothnian coast in northern Sweden. The Saami were highly specialised seal hunters, who also practiced animal husbandry, farming and metallurgy in ways analagous to the Norse. In the early fourteenth century they were assimilated by the Swedish state, Christianized and driven inland, where many became nomadic reindeer herders. Their land-uses, place-names, technologies and spiritual ideas have strongly impacted upon north Swedish society and left an indelible, if little appreciated, imprint on Nordic culture.
Some names of towers in Finland
Lessicografia e onomastica : atti delle Giornati internazionali di Studio, Università degli Studi Roma Tre, 16-17 febbraio 2006 = Lexicography and onomastics : proceedings from the International Study Days, University of Roma Tre, February 16th and 17th, 2006
The placenames of the coast of Gozo (Malta)
Bushman (San) influence on Zulu place names
Selected bibliography of the onomastics of the Uralian languages
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
Runö ortnamn = The place-names of Runö
Who's who at Deir el-Medina : a prosopographic study of the royal workmen's community
Role-playing and Onomastics : J.R.R. Tolkien's influence on the naming of fictional characters in role-playing games : an empirical study
Central Asia Turcic place-names Lop Nor and Tarim area : an attempt of classification and explanation based on Sven Hedin's diaries and published works
How to study urban onomastic landscape?
Roman names in Pisidian Antioch. : some observations
The onomastic central archives : the foundation of Finnish onomastics
Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Uppsala 19-24 August 2002.. 2
Names and naming : people, places, perceptions and power
Scottish surnames
From words to Altai place-names : (topography cognition and semantics)
Slang toponyms in early twentienth century Helsinki
The name game : cultural modernization & first names
Origin and Functions of Geographical Names : Study on the geographical name "Japan Sea"
Functions of usage of urban place names
Summary.
People, products, and professions : choosing a name, choosing a language ; Fachleute, Firmennamen und Fremdsprachen
Vikingetidens sted- of personnavne : rapport fra NORNAs 22. symposium i København 14.-16. januar 1993
This book explores international trends in naming and contributes to the growing field of onomastic enquiry. Naming practices are viewed here through a critical lens, demonstrating a high level of political and social engagement in relation to how we name people and places. The contributors to this publication examine why names are not only symbols of a person or place, but also manifestations of cultural, linguistic and social heritage in their own right. Presenting analyses of geographically and culturally diverse perspectives and case studies, the book investigates how names can represent deeper kinds of identity, act as objects of attachment and dependence, and reflect community mores and social customs while functioning as powerful predicators of inclusion and exclusion. The book will be of interest to researchers in onomastics, sociology, human geography, linguistics and history.
In search of naming patterns : a survey of Finnish lake names
"More hard-to-remember names than a Russian novel" : special names, their significance, types, and relative hierarchy in J. R. R. Tolkien's Quenta Silmarillion
Pikes and perches go together : a data-analytical view on Finnish lake names
Roman onomastics in the Greek East : social and political aspects : proceedings of the International colloquium organized by the Finnish institute and the Centre for Greek and Roman Antiquity, Athens 7-9 September 1993
Multilingual names on the Finnish basic map
Individuals and society in Mycenaean Pylos
Proceedings of the 21st International Congress of Onomastic Sciences : Uppsala 19-24 August 2002.. 1
Main trends in naming interurban objects in Moscow
Some observations on the relationship between lake names and village names in Northwest Russia
The study of names : a guide to the principles and topics
Recent onomastic research in Latvia (1993-1996)
Renaming indigenous toponymy in official use in the light of contact onomastic theories
The Settlement names of Våla härad, Uppland.
Cultural contacts in the North Atlantic Region : the evidence of names
Urban names in use
Place names in the construction of social identities : The uses of names of Helsinki
Onomastic research and teaching in Finland
The pre-Hellenistic Israelite anthroponymy and prosopography
The Linguistic Background of the Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of Settlement
Nestorian Personal Names from Central Asia
North American onomastics
Exonyms from a national and international point of view
"In The Name Game, Jurgen Gerhards shows that shifts in the choice of names are based on more than arbitrary trends of fashion. Instead, he demonstrates, they are determined by larger currents in cultural modernization." "Using classic tools of sociology, Gerhards focuses on changing patterns of first names in Germany from the end of the nineteenth century to the end of the twentieth, using these as an indicator of cultural change. Among the influences he considers is religion, and he notes a trend toward greater secularization in first names. He considers the extent to which Christian names have been displaced, and whether the process is similar for Catholics and Protestants. He traces the impact of different political regimes (Second Empire, Weimar Republic, Third Reich, West Germany, East Germany) and the accompanying rise and fall of German nationalist sentiment. He also investigates the dissolution of the family as a unit of production, and its impact on the naming of children. He shows that the weakening of traditional ties of religion, nation, and family has led to greater individuation and greater receptivity toward foreign first names. Gerhards concludes with a discussion of whether the blurring of gender and sex roles is reflected in the decrease of gender-specific names." "The Name Game will be of interest not only to sociologists and cultural studies specialists, but also non-professionals, especially parents who are interested in reflecting on the process of name giving."--BOOK JACKET.
Name and social structure : examples from Southeast Europe
Bynames and names of domestic animals in Ullsfjord, North-Troms
Summaries
Latvian hydronyms of toponymic origin
Amharic and Ethiopic onomastics : a classic Ethiopian legacy, concept and its ingenuity
The anthropology of names and naming
Places, names & stories : a pilot project on geographical names in Finland
Why do place names change?
Name and place : ten essays on the dynamics of place-names
Language contacts reflected in the hydronyms of Latvia - some reflections
Designers as name givers
African onomastics = L'onomastique Africaine = Afrikanische Onomastik
The place-name element bólstaðr in the North Atlantic area
Naming names : stories of pseudonyms and name changes, with a Who's Who
Nicknames and petnames : linguistic forms and social contexts
Drawing on social and literary history, psychology and anthropology, anecdotes, and life stories, Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Justin Kaplan and celebrated novelist Anne Bernays have created a fascinating account of names and naming in contemporary society that touches on class structure, ethnic and religious practices, manners, and everyday life.
Local names towards the virtual 2000s - or back to the Middle Ages?
Ancient Egyptian onomastica : plates
Personal names in Finnish sign language
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Ancient Egyptian onomastica
Isis in Babylonia?
Some remarks on the name and the origin of Helena Augusta
Book of Indian names
Onoma : Bibliographical and information bulletin ; Bulletin d'information et de bibliographie
The Gudme/Gudhem phenomenon : papers presented at a workshop organized by the Centre for Baltic and Scandinavian Archaeology (ZBSA), Schleswig, April 26th and 27th, 2010
The pet name book
