http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1592 Dominicans (orders of monks)
Dominicans (orders of monks)
Art and observance in Renaissance Venice : the Dominicans and their artists (1391-ca. 1545)
The transnational villagers
Savonarola : the rise and fall of a Renaissance prophet
The martyred inquisitor : the life and cult of Peter of Verona ([martyred] 1252)
Dominicans, Muslims and Jews in the Medieval Crown of Aragon
Dominican order
The Dominican priory in Dubrovnik
Inquisitors from the Order of Preachers, or Dominicans, crafted and promoted Christian meanings for their persecution of heresy in medieval Europe. With a mixture of existing religious beliefs, new interpretations, and responses to criticism, Dominicans shaped a medieval Christianity that permitted-or demanded-inquisitorial repression.
Nunneries, learning and spirituality in late medieval English society : the Dominican priority of Dartford
Writing religious rules as an interactive process: Dominican penitent women and the making of their regula
Margaret Ebner, major works
Light & glory : the transfiguration of Christ in early Franciscan and Dominican theology
Iškilmės ir kasdienybė Lietuvos Didžiojoje Kunigaikštystėje ir jos kontekstuose = Celebrations and everyday life in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and its contexts
A saint in Hyde Park : Memories of Father Vincent McNabb O.P
Life and times of Girolamo Savonarola
Edward Schillebeeckx in search of the kingdom of god
Revisiting Jarl Gallén's great book and the work of Finnish liturgist
Massacre at Montségur : history of the Albigensian crusade
Dominican penitent women
Unification and conflict : the church politics of Alonso de Montúfar OP, Archbishop of Mexico, 1554-1572
"And the rich man also died; and he was buried in hell" : the social ethos in mendicant sermons
Dominicans, Muslims and Jews in the medieval crown of Aragon
Dominican Mission to Cambodia 1555-1600 : Religious Encounters and Political Considerations
"First the bow is bent in study-- " : Dominican education before 1350
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy, 1200-1500
Worldly saints : social interaction of Dominican penitent women in Italy 1200-1500
"Kansallisromantiikasta" Euroopan Unioniin : suomalaista dominikaanihistoriografiaa = From national romanticism to the European Union : trends in Dominican historiography in Finland
Renaissance inquisitors : Dominican inquisitors and inquisitorial districts in Northern Italy, 1474-1527
Christ among the medieval Dominicans : representations of Christ in the texts and images of the Order of Preachers
Estnische Kirchengeschichte im vorigen Jahrtausend = Estonian church history in the past millenium
Righteous persecution : inquisition, Dominicans, and Christianity in the Middle Ages
The cult of St Olav and the Dominican convent of Turku
Intellectual traditions at the medieval university : the use of philosophical psychology in Trinitarian theology among the Franciscans and Dominicans, 1250-1350
Mendicants and merchants in the medieval Mediterranean
Vernacular theology : Dominican sermons and audience in late medieval Italy
Religious Poverty, Visual Riches : Art in the Dominican Churches of Central Italy in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Centuries
A Dominican bibliography and book of reference, 1216-1992 : a list of works in English by and about members of the Order of Friars Preachers, founded by St. Dominic De Guzman (c. 1171-1221) and confirmed by Pope Honorius III, December 22, 1216
Girolamo Savonarola, the fifteenth-century millenarian friar, embraced the revolution of the Florentine republic and prophesied that it would become the centre of a New Age of Christian renewal and world domination. This new biography, the culmination of many decades of study, presents an original interpretation of Savonarola's prophetic career and a highly nuanced assessment of his vision and motivations. Weinstein sorts out the multiple strands that connect Savonarola to his time and place, following him from his youthful rejection of a world he regarded as corrupt, to his engagement with that world to save it from itself, to his shattering confession - an admission that he had invented his prophesies and faked his visions. Was his confession sincere? A forgery circulated by his inquisitors? Or an attempt to escape bone-breaking torture? Weinstein offers a highly innovative analysis of the testimony to provide the first truly satisfying account of Savonarola and his fate as a failed prophet.
Saint Thomas Aquinas. Vol. 1, The person and his work
Taming a brood of vipers : conflict and change in fourteenth-century Dominican convents
It could have been otherwise : contingency and necessity in Dominican theology at Oxford, 1300-1350
Examines the audiences and languages of Dominican sermons in late medieval Italy. This book analyses how Latinate theological culture interacted with popular religious devotion. It assesses the role of vernacular theology. It defines vernacular theology as a form of theology that is based neither on a Latin scholastic model nor a monastic one.
The scourge and the cross : ascetic mentalities of the later middle ages
Dominican women and Renaissance art : the Convent of San Domenico of Pisa
