http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15970 highbush blueberry
highbush blueberry Vaccinium corymbosum
Effect of environmental, developmental and genetic factors on flavonoid and carotenoid profile of Vaccinium berries
Proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Termas de Chillan, Chillan, Chile, 4-9 December, 2000
Berry crop breeding, production and utilization for new century : a proceedings of the XXVI International Horticultural Congress: Toronto, Canada, 11-17 August, 2002
4th International symposium on vaccinium culture, East Lansing, MI, USA August 13-17, 1988
Uncommon fruits for every garden
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Effect of substrate type on the field performance and chemical composition of highbush blueberry cv.Patriot
Proceedings of the IXth International Vaccinium Symposium : Corvallis, Oregon, USA, July 13-16, 2008.. Vol. 1 & 2
The highbush blueberry and its management
Effects of reproduction and artificial herbivory on vegetative growth and resource levels in deciduous and evergreen dwarf shrubs
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
The wild blueberry book
Proceedings of the 8th International Symposium on Vaccinium Culture : Sevilla, Spain, Oeiras, Portugal, May 3-8, 2004
Glutathione status of the bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) as a function of plant phenology and artifical herbivory
Sadonkorjuu : tutkittua puutarhatuotantoa 2000-2002 = Harvest : horticultural research results 2000-2002
The berry grower's companion
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Vaccinium ssp. and less known small fruit : challenges and risks : the International Scientific Conference, Jelgava, Latvia October 6-9, 2009, book of abstract and programme
