http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15993 day activities
day activities
Gone with the wind? : immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Do co-operatives providing welfare services belong to the third sector? : a study of institutional characteristics of Swedish co-operatives
Doing your research project : a guide for first-time researchers in education, health and social science
The future of newspapers
International handbook of child care policies and programs
Slowly but in the right direction
Parents' perceptions and alleviation of children's postoperative pain at home after day surgery
Extralearning : new opportunities for the out of school hours
Surrounded by science ; learning science in informal environments
Water in action : encounters among 2- to 3-year-old children, adults, and water in day care
Leisure in later life
Summary (s. 7-8) : Services for people with intellectual disabilities in 2004.
Activities for the elderly : a guide to quality programming. Vol 1
The after-school lives of children : alone and with others while parents work
Evidence-based practices and programs for early childhood care and education
"An unprecedented international publishing event: the first and only diary written by a still-imprisoned Guantánamo detainee. Since 2002, Mohamedou Slahi has been imprisoned at the detainee camp at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. In all these years, the United States has never charged him with a crime. Although he was ordered released by a federal judge, the U.S. government fought that decision, and there is no sign that the United States plans to let him go. Three years into his captivity Slahi began a diary, recounting his life before he disappeared into U.S. custody and daily life as a detainee. His diary is not merely a vivid record of a miscarriage of justice, but a deeply personal memoir--terrifying, darkly humorous, and surprisingly gracious. Published now for the first time, GUANTÁNAMO DIARY is a document of immense historical importance"--
Children and media outside the home : playing and learning in after-school care
Children's resources in action : the conversation of capital in the preschool field
Production of meaning in curriculum
A new deal for children? : re-forming education and care in England, Scotland and Sweden
Play assessment for group settings : validating a measurement tool for assessment of children's play performance in the day-care context
Accountability for after-school care : devising standards and measuring adherence to them
Abstract: "Individual attention in everyday situations" : developing the operational culture of a daycare centre to strengthen children's self-esteem.
Archangel : a novel
Understanding and addressing bullying : an international perspective
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Outsourcing in industry and in a municipal organisation
Bookblock
After-school worlds : creating a new social space for development and learning
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
Play, learning and the early childhood curriculum
After-school hours : a risk being alone?
Developing digital portfolios for childhood education
A house for tomorrow built for the 1955 Nordic building forum
Making care work : employed mothers in the new childcare market
Extreme risk : a life fighting the bombmakers
For children, safe and relaxed afternoon
Dementia and social work practice : research and interventions
What is the president serving this year? : social unity and factionalsim around the nationala table
Qualitative research in early childhood settings
After-school hours and the meanings of home : re-defining Finnish Childhood space
The Parliament of Finland : the voice of the people past, present and future
Fields and capitals : constructing local life
Civil society in the Baltic Sea region
Practitioners in informal science settings--museums, after-school programs, science and technology centers, media enterprises, aquariums, zoos, and botanical gardens--are interested in finding out what learning looks like, how to measure it, and what they can do to ensure that people of all ages, from different backgrounds and cultures, have a positive learning experience. Surrounded by Science: Learning Science in Informal Environments, is designed to make that task easier. Based on the National Research Council study, Learning Science in Informal Environments: People, Places, and Pursuits, this book is a tool that provides case studies, illustrative examples, and probing questions for practitioners. In short, this book makes valuable research accessible to those working in informal science: educators, museum professionals, university faculty, youth leaders, media specialists, publishers, broadcast journalists, and many others.
Vygotsky in action in the early years : the 'key to learning' curriculum
Social media marketing : an hour a day
Weekend leisure activities and influences on non-use of intoxicants among 14-15 years old Greek girls
Abstract: Art as a tool of psychosocial work.
The policy handbook : developing policies in child care
National framework for before- and after-school activities in basic education 2011.
Learning in places : the informal education reader
Hands-on guide to video blogging and podcasting
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Cognitively empowering internet-based patient education for ambulatory orthopaedic surgery patients
Afterschool matters : creative programs that connect youth development and student achievement
People citizen nation
