http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15955 script writing
script writing screenwriting
The art of srcreenplays : a writer's guide
Character and conflict : the cornerstones of screenwriting
Literature into film : theory and practical approaches
How to adapt anything into a screenplay
The story solution : 23 actions all great heroes must take
Slay the dragon : writing great video games
A student's writing guide : how to plan and write successful essays
Writing for television
How to be a young #writer
What are you laughing at? : how to write funny screenplays, stories, & more
The script-selling game : a Hollywood insider's look at getting your script sold and produced
Screenwriting poetics and the screen idea
Small screen, big picture : a writer's guide to the TV business
Writing short scripts
Lew Hunter's screenwriting 434
Flash cartoon animation : learn from the pros
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Making a good script great
Documentary storytelling : creative nonfiction on screen
The perfect pitch : how to sell yourself and your movie idea to Hollywood
Script planning : positioning and developing scripts for TV and film
Writing the thriller film : the terror within
The tools of screenwriting : a writer's guide to the craft and elements of a screenplay
The testament of Thomas Miller : a feature film script
Script Culture and the American Screenplay
Writing the romantic comedy : how to craft a screenplay that will sell
Designing a guiding and tutorial free beginning for a 3D role-playing game
The psychology of screenwriting : theory and practice
Screenwriting for teens : the 100 principles of scriptwriting every budding writer must know
A poetics for screenwriters
Short films : writing the screenplay
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
Creative screenwriting : [a practical guide]
Screenwriting secrets in genre film
Are you struggling to meet your coursework deadlines? Finding it hard to get to grips with your essay topics? Does your writing sometimes lack structure and style? Would you like to improve your grades? This text covers everything a student needs to know about writing essays and papers in the humanities and social sciences. Starting from the common difficulties students face, it gives practical examples of all the stages necessary to produce a good piece of academic work: * interpreting assignment topics * drawing on your own experience and background * reading analytically and taking efficient notes * developing your argument through introductions, middles and conclusions * evaluating and using online resources * understanding the conventions of academic culture * honing your ideas into clear, vigorous English. This book will provide you with all the tools and insights you need to write confident, convincing essays and coursework papers.
Scriptwriting
Playwriting for the puppet theatre
The DIY filmmaker : life lessons for surviving outside Hollywood
How to write for animation
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
How to write for television
The definitive guide to screenwriting
Crafty screenwriting : writing movies that get made
Complete screenwriting course
My story can beat up your story! : ten ways to toughen up your screenplay from opening hook to knockout punch
A history of the screenplay
Comedy writing
Exploring visual storytelling
Developing characters for script writing
Getting started with transmedia storytelling
The thirty-six dramatic situations
Screenwriting fundamentals : the art and craft of visual writing
Vale's technique of screen and television writing
The creative screenwriter : exercises to expand your craft
The art and craft of playwriting
A quick guide to screenwriting
The dramatic writer's companion : tools to develop characters, cause scenes, and build stories
Writing left-handed
Make believe in film and fiction : visual vs. verbal storytelling
Documentaries : ... and how to make them
Into the woods : a five act journey into story
Reinventing the story : inventions in the film adaptation The green mile by Frank Darabont
Talk the talk : a dialogue workshop for scriptwriters
Television writing from the inside out : your channel to success
Writing screenplays that sell
The 101 habits of highly successful screenwriters : insider secrets from Hollywood's top writers
Writing the action-adventure film : the moment of truth
Logline:  Underrated and fed up with his life, Henri decides to kill himself, but when meeting a  man who tries to help him die, he gets on a journey where he gradually discovers how  to live.  Synopsis:  Henri is middle aged, underrated, lonely and his mother has just died. Henri's crush  doesn't notice him. Even his cat despises him. The system Henri lives in, abuses its  inhabitants. As long as you're alive, you have to pay. Henri has gone through his life  without a say in anything. His mother blamed Henri for everything wrong in her life.  Henri gets a confirmation to what she always said. That him being born was a mistake.  Henri has had enough. He decides to jump off a bridge. Henri is stopped by a man,  Thomas, who suggests they start planning suicide together. Henri's and Thomas' suicide  duo starts, an unusual friendship which developes as Thomas tries to help Henri die. As  they try to find the perfect way to go, Thomas is actually secretly teaching Henri how to  live. This happens gradually as Thomas gives Henri new experiences while emphasizing  the meaning of closures and portaying suicide as pragmatic and tedious. In the course,  Henri starts to change and get out of his shell.  As Henri starts questioning Thomas' reasons, he hears about Hanna, Thomas' daughter,  who he abandoned years ago. Thomas' teachings are starting to backfire, as Henri  decides that Thomas must reap what he sows, and get a closure by meeting Hanna.  Although Thomas tries to obstruct, they get on the road towards Åland. As they are  getting closer, their relationship starts to crack as the tension is rising. Then, a terrible  accident happens. Thomas falls down, hits his head badly and ends up in a coma. Henri  reverts back to his old feelings. He is all alone again. He has lost his only friend.  Henri is torn, but he still decides to get Thomas' closure. He goes to meet Hanna, who  doesn't take the news well of his father, whom she thought was dead. As Henri has  learned how to stick up for himself, he tries to reason with her. Eventually, Hanna  agrees to see him. And after she sees Thomas, she wants to get him home. If not for  getting better, then to die in a familiar place. System acts twisted again, and they end up  stealing Thomas from the hospital. Together with Hanna, they go through the emotions  of letting go of Thomas, at the same time getting to know and finding comfort from  each other. And who knows, maybe even future. As Henri takes off Thomas' life  support, he has learned to live and understood what Thomas was trying to teach him.
The woman in the story : writing memorable female characters
The complete idiot's guide to screenwriting
Masterclass : writing plays
Break into screenwriting
Thinking in pictures : the making of the movie Matewan
Storytelling through animation
Writing the fantasy film : heroes and journeys in alternate realities
Secrets of the screen trade : from concept to trade
Script Fonts
Writing short films : structure and content for screenwriters
Creating characters : let them whisper their secrets
Save the cat! goes to the movies : the screenwriter's guide to every story ever told
Screenwriting with a conscience : ethics for screenwriters
A philosophy of the screenplay
Screenwriting for dummies
Corporate media production
The technique of television news
Directing the story : professional storytelling and storyboarding techniques for live action and animation
Writing for television : how to write and sell successful TV scripts
Full of inspiration and practical advice, Playwriting: A Writers' & Artists' Companion is a comprehensive companion to writing for the stage. PART 1 includes reflections on the art and the craft of playwriting, guidance on writing for a full range of genres and spaces and a brief history of playwriting itself. PART 2 contains inspiring advice and reflections from leading playwrights:April De Angelis, Bryony Lavery, David Greig, Christina Reid, Dennis Kelly, Frank McGuinness, Lynn Nottage, Howard Brenton, Roy Williams, Tanika Gupta, Timberlake Wertenbaker, Polly Stenham, Tom Stoppard, Jack Thorne, Steve Waters, E.V. Crowe, David Henry Hwang, Lin Coghlan, Zinnie Harris and Anne Washburn. PART 3 offers practical exercises and advice on planning and conducting research, working out plots and characters, mastering authentic but accessible dialogue, navigating the industry and the rehearsal and production process.
Successful television writing : Lee Goldberg,  William Rabkin
The anatomy of story : 22 steps to becoming a master storyteller
Screenwriters on screenwriting : the best in the business discuss their craft
Writing for radio
Story and character : interviews with British screenwriters
Dan O'Bannon's guide to screenplay structure : inside tips from the writer of Alien, Total recall & The return of the living dead
Storyboarding : turning script to motion
How to write high structure, high concept movies : a step-by-step guide to writing high concept, structurally foolproof screenplays!
Screenwriting 101 : the essential craft of feature film writing
Screenwriters on screenwriting
Writing a great movie : key tools for successful screenwriting
Into the woods : how stories work and why we tell them
Maverick screenwriting : a manual for the adventurous screenwriter
Why does the screenwriter cross the road? : + other screenwriting secrets
Playwriting : a writers' and artists' companion
Power screenwriting : the 12 stages of story development
Aspects of the screenplay : techniques of screenwriting
Writing TV scripts : successful writing in 10 weeks
The TV writer's workbook : a creative approach to television scripts
Funny business : the craft of comedy writing
Desktopp cinema : feature filmmaking on a home computer
Screenwriting
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
The Devil's guide to Hollywood : the screenwriter as god!
The comic toolbox : how to be funny even if you're not
"The Art of Screenplays is a working handbook for writers with stories to tell. Addressing the key issues of creativity and craft, its aim is to connect with our natural understanding of story, to demystify the screenwriter’s art, and to enable fresh, original and authentic writing. Working on the central premise that drama reflects nature, and screenplays simply echo life as we know it, the areas Mukherjee discusses include: - The Writer’s eye: how to gather, ferment and communicate story. - The art of action: understanding structure through observation. - Who am I? Exploring the levels of characters. - Vertical structure: say what you mean. Mean what you say. - Speak the speech: The art of not writing dialogue." -- (takakansi)
An introduction to writing for electronic media : scriptwriting essentials across the genres
Aim for the heart : write, shoot, report and produce for TV and multimedia
Writing television sitcoms
How to write a movie in 21 days : the inner movie method
The power of the dark side : creating great villains, dangerous situations & dramatic conflict
Writing great characters : the psychology of character development in screenplays
Plots unlimited : for the writer of novels, short stories, plays, screenplays and television episodes : a creative source for generating a virtually limitless number and variety of story plots and outlines
How to make money scriptwriting
Writing your screenplay
Writing for emotional impact : advanced dramatic techniques to attract, engage, and fascinate the reader from beginning to end
The death and life of drama : reflections on writing and human nature
The inner game of screenwriting
Preparing for takeoff : preproduction for the independent filmmaker
Writing comedy : a guide to scriptwriting for TV, radio, film and stage
Digital filmmaking : an introduction
Write your way into animation and games : create a writing career in animation and games
Professional techniques for video game writing
The performer's guide to the collaborative process
The last word : definitive answers to all your screenwriting questions
Making short films : the complete guide from script to screen
The art and science of screenwriting
Writing the short film
From script to screen : the collaborative art of filmmaking
Writing humor : giving a comedic touch to all forms of writing
Into the woods : a five-act journey into story
Conversations with screenwriters
Writing the TV drama series : how to succeed as a professional writer in TV
The screenwriter's bible : a complete guide to writing, formatting, and selling your script
Writing television comedy
How to write great screenplays and get them into production
"This work presents a comprehensive guide to literature-based films. It focuses on recognizing and appreciating the inherent difficulties encountered when basing a film on a literary work, be it a novel, novella, play or short story. A glossary aids in understanding film and literary terms. Photographs and an index are also included"--Provided by publisher.
Power performance : multimedia storytelling for journalism and public relations
Complex TV : the poetics of contemporary television storytelling
The art of Penguins of Madagascar
Secrets of screenplay structure : how to recognize and emulate the structural frameworks of great films
Playwriting across the curriculum
Writing for visual media
Screenplay : writing the picture
The art of Frozen : Disney / by Charles Solomon ; preface by John Lasseter ; foreword by Chris Buck and Jennifer Lee
Promise : how an inspired screenplay became a movie
Romantic screenplays 101
Writing long-running television series : lectures from the first PILOTS workshop, Sitges, Catalonia, Spain, June/October 1993
