http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15965 department stores
department stores
Cathie Kinrade is all too used to hardship. Growing up on the Isle of Man in the 1930s, she sees her da set sail daily on dangerous seas while her mam struggles to put food on the table. Cathie has little hope for her own future, until a chance encounter changes her fortunes for ever. Fiercely determined, Cathie leaves for Liverpool, a bustling modern city full of possibility. With a lively job as a shop girl in a grand department store, and a firm friend in kind-hearted Julia, Cathie has found her niche. But the discovery of an explosive secret could put everything at risk. And when love comes calling, Cathie's new friends fear that she may be set to trust the wrong man with her heart.
Warehouse management : automation and organisation of warehouse and order picking systems
Paddington and the Christmas surprise
Retail design Otto Riewoldt
Fashion labels
Behavior in a selling group : a case study of interpersonal relations in a department store
Once in a lifetime
1956 Montgomery Ward Fall and Winter catalogue
The department store : a social history
Packaging design : a cultural sign
Mr Selfridge. Series three
Esteetön Helsinki : liikkumisesteisen opas = Det tillgängliga Helsingfors : guide för funktionshindrade = Accessible Helsinki : guide for disabled people
Store planning design : history, theory, process
Store designs for the '90s
Counter cultures : saleswomen, managers, and customers in American department stores, 1890-1940
Learning from experiences with energy management of commercial buildings
English shops and shopping : an architectural history
The runaway Santa
Shopgirl
The Silber & Fleming glass & china book
Dogs go shopping
Loistava tuote! = A Brilliant product!
London's best shops & markets
Shopping for pleasure : women in the making of London's West End
Christmas at Carrington's
Broken threads : the destruction of the Jewish fashion industry in Germany and Austria
Improving the morning sales of the 3+1 päivää campaign
Corduroy
Comparative analysis of two department stores : case Veljekset Keskinen Ltd and Gekås
Perry's department store : a product development simulation
Structuring fashion : department stores as situating spatial practice
Mr Selfridge. Series two
Shopping : a century of art and consumer culture : [Schirn Kunsthalle, Frankfurt, 28.9. - 1.12. 2002 : Tate Liverpool, 20.12. 2002 - 23.3. 2003] / Edited by: Christoph Grunenberg and Max Hollein ; with essays by Chantal Béret, Rachel Bowlby, Anne Friedberg ... [et al.]
Designing with light : retail spaces : lighting solutions for shops, malls and markets ; series ed. Conway Lloyd Morgan
Strategic sourcing and category management : lessons learnedat Ikea
Perry's department store : an importing simulation
Architektur für den Handel : Kaufhäuser, Einkaufszentren, Galerien, Geschichte und gegenwärtige Tendenzen = Architecture for the retail trade : department stores, shopping centres, arcades, history and current tendencies
Biba : the Biba experience
Temptations : sex, selling and the department store
Handbook of Logistics and Distribution Management
Heart and home
Girl in a box : [a novel]
Grocers: the rise and rise of supermarket chains
Liberty and Co. in the fifties and sixties : a taste for design
Luxury stores : top of the world
Helsingin Stockmannin laajennuskilpailu = Competition for an extension to Stockmann's, Helsinki
The grocers : the rise and the rise of the supermarket chains
"This is the first beautifully illustrated book on department stores, with photographs and ephemera from all over the world. Born in the Gilded Age in France, the department store grew up thanks to the industrial revolution, the rise of the middle class, and the invention of steel-frame architecture and the elevator. Spectacular entrances led to marble staircases and floor after floor of merchandise and amenities. These emporiums also inspired a whole new way of merchandising: shopping became an entertainment rather than a laborious grind; posters and advertisements were made by the great artists of the time; and elaborate shop windows attracted thousands of people during the holidays. The department store quickly spread through Europe and Asia and then the New World, and great architects were employed to build these temples of consumerism, where dreams were created and then fulfilled"--
Prada : [projects for Prada part 1]
The department store : history, design, display
Perry's department store : a buying simulation
Sam Walton : made in America: my story
This should be written in the present tense
Developing a purchase process : case: Prisma Peremarket AS
The traffic effects of grocery store locations : case Tampere
The mystery of the jewelled moth
The world of Mr Selfridge : the glamour and romance
Summary.
Mall tycoon
Stores and retail spaces 11: from the Retail Design Institute and the editors of VMSD magazine
The grocers : rise and rise of supermarket chains
The Nordstrom way : The inside story of America's #1 customer service company
The middle-class city : transforming space and time in Philadelphia, 1876-1926
Nineteenth-century Europe : a cultural history
Summary: "Perry's Department Store: A Buying Simulation bridges the gap between the principles of retail buying and mathematical concepts using a unique simulation approach that takes readers step-by-step through a real-life buying experience. Videtic and Steele present a simplified process for making complex buying decisions using the fictitious Perry's Department Store that walks students through the steps a new buyer would take to complete a six-month buying plan and a merchandise assortment plan for categories including junior, misses' bridge/contemporary, men's, children's, denim, accessories, or home fashion.The fourth edition has been revised with statistical information to reflect a more contemporary structure and business model for a successful department store.The new Perry's Department Store is organized to reflect a larger-scale department store in today's market. Students interact by researching current market and industry trends to build their business. The charts and forms in this book and companion website are replicas of those found in the retail and wholesale industry to expose student to the procedures and policies they can expect to find in a first job as an assistant buyer. This new edition and companion website launches students directly into the exciting role of a retail buyer in the fashion industry"--.
Girl in a box
A history of building types
Customer loyalty programs : strategic value to relationship marketing
The importance of customer analysis in the development of product assortment in clothing and leisure departments in Euromarket in Tampere
The Complete guide to trim & finish carpentry : installing moldings, wainscoting & decorative trim
Tavaratalo Stockmann nykyaikaisen kaupungin embleeminä = The Stockmann department store as an emblem of the modern metropolis
Fashion for the people : a history of clothing at Marks & Spencer
Carried away : the invention of modern shopping
The mystery of the clockwork sparrow
Marks in time : 125 years of Marks & Spencer
The shopping experience
Lundqvist Commercial Building Helsinki, 1898-1900
Success factors and innovations of department stores : Oy Stockmann Ab
The world of department stores
Pukevan talosta tuli lukevan talo = Modehuset blev kunskapens hus = House of fashion becomes house of knowledge
Shock wave
Consuming passions : leisure an pleasure in Victorian Britain
Crazy days, amazing years : Stockmann 1862-2012
The consuming temple : Jews, department stores, and the consumer revolution in Germany, 1880-1940
Shopping, seduction & Mr Selfridge
Retail interiors : Interior design library
Bloomingdale's illustrated 1886 catalog : fashions, dry goods and housewares
Visual analytics for behavioral and niche market segmentation
Cathedrals of consumption : the European department store, 1850-1939
Catalogue and buyers' guide : no. 57, spring and summer 1895
1922 Montgomery Ward catalogue
Harrods : the story of society's favourite store
The retail revolution : market transformation, investment, and labor in the modern department store
