http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15989 free papers
free papers
The Levi Times : travel newspaper
FREE! Magazine : Finnish culture in english
Neoproterozoic glaciation in southern Brazil?
From Homo Sapiens to Photo Sapiens? : The Role of Amateur Images in the Free Newspaper Metro
IEA Coal Research
Developing Sales Career magazine into a brand
Abstract.
Designing a balanced scorecard for Meri-Lapin Helmi
Baltic business
SixDegrees : Finland's English language magazine
Values : a magazine for international people living in Finland's capital area
Joensuu region : business and technology
The purpose of the thesis was to develop Sales Career magazine into a recognizable brand for the readers. The objective was to develop a practical branding model for the magazine for it to become a successful magazine brand. The theoretical framework consisted of branding literature and branding models. The theory part consisted of different explanations about the basics of branding and the role of branding in different perspectives and what tools are used to create a successful brand. The main branding model used was of Gad's 4 D to analyze the compatibility of one theory for the practical use of the Sales Career phenomena. The qualitative research method was used in gathering data from interviews. In order to under-stand what the magazine is representing today and what it should represent in the future, Gad's 4 D model theory was also implemented. Students in different school institutions were interviewed through phone, face to face and online. The studies were analyzed qualitatively according to Gad's four dimensions. The results revealed that Gad's 4 D model was feasible in practical use to analyze the Sales Career magazine. It also revealed that the magazine should focus more on the functional, spiritual and social dimensions to create a successful and unique magazine brand. The brand code should also focus on the visual aspects, positioning and style of the magazine. In conclusion, the main elements in making a successful magazine brand using Gad's 4 D model, is to implement four balance dimensions. If more than one branding model is joined to implement the phenomena, then branding basics such as the identity, the image and communicating relationships are the most important elements.
FREE! Magazine : Finnish culture in English
