http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15921 promotions
promotions
Explores a range of career development topics, including the reasons people choose their careers; how changes, interests, and skills occur throughout the life cycle; how people do or do not change and adapt to their careers; and more.
Why so slow? : the advancement of women
The Peter principle
Part 1: Introduction and cases -- Introduction to theories of career development and choice: origins, evolution, and current efforts / Duane Brown -- Case studies / Duane Brown -- Part 2: Sociological perspective -- Career choice and development from a sociological perspective / Monica Kirkpatrick Johnson, Jeylan T. Mortimer -- Part 3: Developmental and postmodern theories -- Gottfredson's theory of circumscription, compromise, and self-creation / Linda S. Gottfredson -- Career construction: a developmental theory of vocational behavior / Mark L. Savickas -- A contextualist explanation of career / Richard A. Young, Ladislav Valach, Audrey Collin -- Part 4: Career development theories anchored in learning theory -- Social cognitive career theory / Robert W. Lent, Steven D. Brown, Gail Hackett -- A cognitive information processing approach to career problem solving and decision making / Gary W. Peterson, James P. Sampson Jr., Janet G. Lenz, Robert C. Reardon -- Part 5: Trait-factor theories and summation -- Holland's theory of personalities in work environments / Arnold R. Spokane, Erik J. Luchetta, Matthew H. Richwine -- Person-environment-correspondence theory / Rene V. Dawis -- The role of work values and cultural values in occupational choice, satisfaction, and success: a theoretical statement / Duane Brown.
Career anchors : discovering your real values
The hating game
Gender differences in careers
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
How to sell yourself
Grow your own leaders : acceleration pools : a new method of succession management
A woman's place is in the boardroom : the roadmap
How to make partner and still have a life
The Peter principle : why things always go wrong
Career choice and development
Why do so few women occupy positions of power and prestige? Virginia Valian uses concepts and data from psychology, sociology, economics, and biology to explain the disparity in the professional advancement of men and women. According to Valian, men and women alike have implicit hypotheses about gender differences -- gender schemas -- that create small sex differences in characteristics, behaviors, perceptions, and evaluations of men and women. Those small imbalances accumulate to advantage men and disadvantage women. The most important consequence of gender schemas for professional life is that men tend to be overrated and women underrated. Valian's goal is to make the invisible factors that retard women's progress visible, so that fair treatment of men and women will be possible. The book makes its case with experimental and observational data from laboratory and field studies of children and adults, and with statistical documentation on men and women in the professions. The many anecdotal examples throughout provide a lively counterpoint.
Career and wage dynamics : evidence from linked employer-employee data
The new leader's 100-day action plan : how to take charge, build your team and get immediate results
Career anchors : trainer's manual
Concept and marketing plan for a sports resort
Are there fast tracks in economic departments? : evidence from a sample of top economists
