http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15908 cog wheels
cog wheels
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
Design and analysis of mechanisms : a planar approach
Dudley's gear handbook
Experimental methods for the evaluation of lubrication conditions in gear contacts
Gears and planetary gear trains
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to create a spur gear calculation tool with parametric 3d-model. This thesis contains information of the tool and the basics of gearing. The thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä. There are several commercial gear calculation softwares on the market, but this tool is customized for Wärtsilä. The spur gear calculation tool is meant for calculating the geometry and the strength of external straight tooth spur gear with 20° pressure angle. The calculation results are used in a parametric spur gear model in the 3d-modelling program NX. The spur gear calculation tool is made with Microsoft Excel 2007. Wärtsilä has an extensive and large variety of gears due to the wide ranging engine portfolio and many different engine configurations. In consequence, plenty of time is used in gear designing and modelling. A typical design task is to design a new gear for an existing engine with different engine configuration or engine speed. The spur gear calculation tool covers most of the gear designing cases in Wärtsilä. The tool is not meant for accurate optimizing of the gears and in special cases a designer has to consult the research and calculation group. This calculation tool makes the designing easier and reduces the time used in gear designing and modelling. There are only few parameters which determine the geometry of a spur gear, but there are many equations involved, especially in the gear strength calculation. Also the 3d-models made with this tool are more realistic than before because of the involute functions in the parametric model. The spur gear calculation tool has not been widely tested by designers yet, but experiments have shown that it is a useful and simple tool for gear designing. Values of the input parameters can be chanced easily and the user will notice immediately if the geometry of a gear is optimal. The tool also gives information for the user and it will let the user know if the geometry is wrong or it could be better optimized.
Mechanical design of machine elements and machines : a failure prevention perspective
Machinery's handbook : a reference book for the mechanical engineer, designer, manufacturing engineer, draftsman, toolmaker, and machinist
Wörterbuch der Kraftübertragungselemente. 1, Zahnräder = Engranajes = Engrenages = Gears = Ingranaggi = Tandwielen = Kugghjul = Hammaspyörät / Diccionario de elements de transmisión = Glossaire d'Organes de Transmission = Glossary of transmission elements = Glossario degli Organi di Trasmissione = Glossarium voor Transmissie-organen = Ordbok för Transmissionselement = Voimansiirtoalan sanakirja
Theory of machines and mechanisms
Involute spur gears : design & lathe cutting
Noncircular gears : design and generation
Spur gear calculation tool
Fundamentals of machine component design
On the design of external involute helical gears
Machine devices and components : illustrated sourcebook
Implementation of gear measurement with co-ordinate measuring machine
Barkhausen noise method for hardened steel surface characterization : the effect of heat treatments, thermal damages and stresses
The machine design problem solver
