http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15948 weapons systems
weapons systems
Hitler's secret weapons 1933-1945 : the essential facts and figures for Germany's secret weapons programme
Electronic warfare self-protection of battlefield helicopters : a holistic view
Aberrant intracellular calcium cycling in the heart : mechanistic insights into catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia and heart failure
Europe in the spasm of system-change in the east : the pursuit of stable peace
Thinking about international ethics : moral theory and cases from American foreign policy
Weapons of mass destruction and international order
Modeling and on-line solution of air combat optimization problems and games
A history of NATO : the first fifty years
The Middle East military balance 1994-1995
Proceedings of the forty-eighth Pugwash Conference on Science and World Affairs, Jurica, Mexico, 29 September-4 October 1998 : the long roads to peace
The Future of War : power, technology and American world dominance in the 21st century
Glycobiological insights in characterization and targeting of umbilical cord blood derived stem cells
Companion to Colossus reborn : key documents and statistics
Our global neighborhood : the report of the Commission on Global Governance
The impossible state : North Korea, past and future
Critical mass : the dangerous race for superweapons in a fragmenting world
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 5, Anthropology : an introduction to the study of man and civilization
Extremely loud : sound as a weapon
Multilateral diplomacy and the NPT : an insider's account
Socialism, peace and democracy : writings, speeches and reports
S. 185-187: Glossary.
Summary (s. vii-xi).
EPM aspects of commercial communications systems
Depleted Uranium in Bosnia and Herzegovina : Post-Conflict Environmental Assessment
Autonomous weapon systems : the need for meaningful human control
Oxidative stress and cardiorespiratory function
Evaluation of weapon systems
Cardiorespiratory function is prominently affected by oxidative stress. Cigarette smoking is the archetype of oxidative and nitrative stress and free radical formation. New adverse effects of smoking keep on propping up in research. The chapters provide the comprehensive view of new developments in this area regarding cardiovascular and lung function and muscle catabolism. Alterations in inflammatory cytokines and proteins as well as degradation of muscle proteins due to smoking, by far unrecognized, caused by oxidative stress also are presented. Much less is known about the effect of cognitive stress on vagally-mediated cardiorespiratory function and surprisingly, on vagal immune pathway. The experimental studies also show that clinically important meconium aspiration syndrome contains an oxidative trait which is amenable to antioxidative treatment. This volume creates a source of information on the damaging role of oxidative stress in cardiorespiratory function that has by far not been available.
The hyperspectral and smartphone technology in CBRNE countermeasures and defence
Angels don't play this HAARP : advances in Tesla technology
The future of the United Nations system: potential for the twenty-first century
Weapons of mass destruction in the Middle East
The spread of superweapons - nuclear, chemical, and biological - and the means to deliver them is now out of control and is the single greatest danger facing the world. Critical Mass is the first comprehensive look at how this happened, where current and potential threats are, and what can be done to avert catastrophe. Third World superweapon proliferation is more frightening than the cold war arms race. This new arms race is a genocidal contest, fueled by hatred and meant to settle old racial, ethnic, and religious scores. Authors William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem disclose how Saddam Hussein planned an assembly line of fifteen to twenty atomic bombs a year, provided by an Arab Dr. Strangelove and atomic spies, cynical German industrialists with Nazi heritages, greedy Brazilian businessmen, and an impressive procurement network of arrogant Western politicians and Ph.D.s who consulted on death. Iraq is now a model for nations from Kazakhstan to North Korea, from Iran to India to Indonesia, nations that see Mutual Assured Destruction not as a deterrent but as a temptation. Dealing with proliferation, the authors say, is now Washington's highest foreign policy priority. Success will depend not so much on "techno-fixes" such as export controls as on resolving the underlying issues that divide the Third World. --Provided by publisher.
United Nations : law, policies and practice
Command and control : nuclear weapons, the Damascus Accident, and the illusion of safety
Defence of Finland in One Hour
The Russian operational-tactical Iskander missile system
Politics in Indonesia : democracy, Islam, and the ideology of tolerance
Russian strategic aviation today
The challenge of world poverty : essays on international development issues
Retreating from the cold war : Germany, Russia and the withdrawal of the western group of forces
Introduction to unmanned aircraft systems
The Middle East military balance 1985
Europe undivided : the new logic of peace in U.S.-Russian relations
China's foreign policy
Globalization and global governance
Tools of violence : guns, tanks and dirty bombs
Whither Iran? : reform, domestic politics and national security
The future of war : the face of 21st-century warfare
The Middle East military balance 1989-1990
Participation of women in decision-making for peace : case-study on Sweden
Development of military technology and its impact on the Finnish land warfare doctrine : documentation
The waning of major war : theories and debates
No end in sight : the continuing menace of nuclear proliferation
The making of Terne : the first Norwegian weapons system 1953-1962
Chinese military modernization : force development and strategic capabilities
Automation of Zircon Blasting for Barrel and Receiver Combination : Investment Project
Nuclear non-proliferation and global order
Anti-satellite weapons : the strategic balance and arms control
Worlds in collision : terror and the future of global order
TWENTIETH-CENTURY ARTILERY. 300 OF THE WORLD'S
North Korea in transition : politics, economy, and society
Warfare in the ancient world
Antisatellite weapons and the strategic balance
A cost increase alaysis of weapon systems using the Paache index : cases from the German Bunderwehr
The Indonesian military after the new order
Russian military policy and strategy
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
China's military faces the future
The military history book : the ultimate visual guide to the weapons that shaped the world
The People's Republic of China after 50 years
IHS Jane's land warfare platforms. 2012-2013, Armoured fighting vehicles
The new face of terrorism : threats from weapons of mass destruction
China's military modernization : building for regional and global reach
The Vietnam people's army under dôi mói
Nuclear weapons in the changing world : perspectives from Europe, Asia, and North America
Soviet strategic aviation in the Cold War
Designing available systems : science in support of military manager
Military balance
Command and control
Looks at the nation of North Korea, its history, social conditions, and place in world politics as it stands today and where it is likely to end up in the future.
Governing the military : professional autonomy in the Chinese People's Liberation Army
The military balance
Presents a minute-by-minute account of an H-bomb accident that nearly caused a nuclear disaster, examining other near misses and America's growing susceptibility to a catastrophic event.
China's political system : modernization and tradition
Peace, security and conflict prevention : SIPRI-Unesco handbook
Prevention of armed conflict : report of the Secretary-General
Developing battlefield technologies in the 1990s
Down with Big Brother : the fall of the Soviet empire
Killer robots : legality and ethicality of autonomous weapons
Governing lethal behavior in autonomous robots
Rearming for the Cold War, 1945-1960
The globalization of world politics : an introduction to international relations
The security dilemma : fear, cooperation, and trust in world politics
Towards a nuclear doctrine: the 1950s
The directory of the world's weapons
