http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15900 mycorrhiza
mycorrhiza
Mycorrhizosphere concept
The regeneration niche of white spruce following fire in the mixedwood boreal forest
Problems in tree nutrition : an account of researches concerned primarily with the mycorrhizal habit in relation to forestry and with some biological aspects of soil fertility
Handbook of applied mycology. Vol. 2, Humans, animals, and insects
Mycorrhizal functioning : an integrative plant-fungal process
Mycorrhizas - functional processes and ecological impact
Effects of defoliation and mycorrhizal fungus (AM) on primary production and soil biota in experimental grassland microcosms composed of white clover (Trifolium repens) and timothy (Phleum pratense)
TOL plasmid : stability, transfer and activity in bacteria from soil and mycorrhizosphere
Role of VA mycorrhiza on the growth of cowpea plant and their associative effect with N2-fixing and P-solubilizing bacteria as biofertilizers in calcareous soil
Effect of local air pollution on the sporophore production of mycorrhizal fungi, mycorrhizae and microbial activity in Scots pine forests
Effect of shadelight quality on dry weight allocation and mycorrhizal development in Scots pine seedlings
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from two chromium contaminated sites, one with 275 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr (zone A) and the other with 550 mg kg⁻¹ Cr (zone B), were multiplied and tentatively identified. The effect of both fungal consortia on Plantago lanceolata plant growth in a substrate amended with 200 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr and with 400 mg kg⁻¹ Cr was assessed and compared with the growth of plants inoculated with Glomus intraradices BEG72. Only the plants inoculated with G. intraradices BEG72 and with the fungal consortia obtained from the area with a high Cr contamination (zone B) grew in the soil with 400 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr. The consortia of fungi from zone B, decreased the plant's uptake/translocation of the heavy metal compared with G. intraradices BEG72. These results underscore the differential effect of AM fungi in conferring bioprotection in Cr contaminated soils.
Sun, sand and cow dung: improving soil phosphorous status and avalaibility in Namibian smallholder agriculture
Cytoskeleton in mycorrhizal symbiosis
A review of forest soil biology under the influence of gaseous pollutants and CO2
Resource allocation in ectomycorrhizal symbiosis in scots pine affected by environmental changes
Hymenoscyphus ericae : a new record from western Canada
Mycorrhiza : structure, function, molecular biology and biotechnology
A check-list of mycorrhiza in the British flora
Pisolithus tinctorius promotes germination and forms mycorrhizal structures in Scots pine somatic embryos in vitro
Constraints on sexual reproduction and seed set in Vaccinium and Campanula
Further studies on the ectendotrophic mycorrhiza
Multipurpose trees and shrubs : sources of seeds and inoculants
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Effect of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and pesticides on Cynara cardunculus growth
Plantago lanceolata growth and Cr uptake after mycorrhizal inoculation in a Cr amended substrate
Paxillius involutus as a mycorrhizal symbiont of forest trees
Nitrite reductase activity in the mycorrhizal roots of Scots pine seedlings
A model for optimal mycorrhizal colonization along altitudinal gradients
Mycorrhizal responses to defoliation of woody hosts
Mycorrhizal colonization and plant performance in arcto-alpine conditions
The role of symbiotic arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (Glomeromycota) in roots of the host plant Deschampsia flexuosa in vegetation succession of inland sand dunes in Finnish Lapland
Cellular changes and accelerated senescence of conifer mycorrhizas related to high nitrogen availability
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Oidiodendron maius and Scytalidium vaccinii from the mycorrhizas of Ericaceae in northern Finland
Advances in fungal biotechnology for industry, agriculture, and medicine
Unbalanced nutrient status and mycorrhizal roots of Scots pine
Molecular biology of fungal development
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Microtubules of the mycorrhizal fungus Glomus intraradices in symbiosis with tomato roots
Colonization processes of soil fauna and mycorrhizal fungi
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Nutrient balance and salinity stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi
Diversity and integration in mycorrhizas : proceedings of the 3rd International Conference on Mycorrhizas (ICOM3), Adelaide, Australia, 8-13 July 2001
Recent years have seen extensive research in the molecular underpinnings of symbiotic plant-fungal interactions. Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis is a timely collection of work that will bridge the gap between molecular biology, fungal genomics, and ecology. A more profound understanding of mycorrhizal symbiosis will have broad-ranging impacts on the fields of plant biology, mycology, crop science, and ecology. Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis will open with introductory chapters on the biology, structure and phylogeny of the major types of mycorrhizal symbioses. Chapters then review different molecular mechanisms driving the development and functioning of mycorrhizal systems and molecular analysis of mycorrhizal populations and communities. The book closes with chapters that provide an overall synthesis of field and provide perspectives for future research. Authoritative and timely, Molecular Mycorrhizal Symbiosis, will be an essential reference from those working in plant and fungal biology.
Cantharellus cibarius : mycorrhiza formation and ecology
Ectomycorrhiza in coniferous forest : structure and dynamics of populations and communities
Tropical mycorrhiza
Arbuscular mycorrhiza, resource availability and belowground interactions between plants and soil microbes
Effects of fire on ectomycorrhizal fungi in Fennoscandian boreal forests
Mycorrhizas
The effects of forestry practices on ectomycorrhizal fungal communities and seedling establishment : integrated studies on biodiversity, podzol profile, clear-cut logging impacts and seedling inoculation
Using wheat-mungbean plant system and arbuscular mycorrhiza to enhance in-situ bioremediation
Phosphorus in action : biological processes in soil phosphorus cycling
Mycorrhizal root colonization and ergosterol content in an experimentally polluted subarctic birch-pine forest
Working with mycorrhizas in forestry and agriculture
The Mycota : a comprehensive treatise on fungi as experimental systems for basic and applied research. 9, Fungal associations
Effects of bio-activators on yield and quality composition of triticale forage as an animal food resource
Significance of plant gender and mycorrhizal symbiosis in plant life history traits
Cost efficiency of nutrient acquisition and the advantage of mycorrhizal symbiosis for the host plant
Endemic Mimosa L. species (Fabaceae-Mimosoideae) of the Tehuacán-Cuicatlán Valley, Mexico : biology, mycorrhiza and use
Mycorrhizal fungi and the structure of mycorrhizas
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Techniques for mycorrhizal research : methods in microbiology
Arbuscular mycorrhizas : physiology and function
Roots 2011 Workshop : abstracts, Joensuu, Finland 13-14 December 2011
The ecology of mycorrhizae
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Cumbrian woodlands : past, present and future
Trees : contributions to modern tree physiology
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 18. 18
Effects of exogenous diamines on the interaction between ectomycorrhizal fungi and adventitious root formation of Scots pine in vitro
Tree seed suppliers directory : sources of seeds and microsymbionts
Mycorrhizal relations in the raw humus layer of northern spruce forests
Effects of nitrogen amendments on the growth and dispersal of some different ectomycorrhizal fungi grown in symbiosis with a host plant
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Fine-root biomass and turnover in Norway spruce and Scots pine stands
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Root colonization with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) concentration in hypoxic soils in natural CO2 springs
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
Occurence of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in different cropping systems at Cochabamba, Bolivia
The effects of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and water stress on leaf chlorophyll production of cassava (Manihot esculenta Crantz)
Mycorrhizal biology
Dynamics and functions of the microbial communities within pine mycorrhizospheres
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Teaming with fungi : the organic grower's guide to mycorrhizae
Microbial communities in soil
Investigations on the annual development dynamics of mycorrhizae in 40-year-old spruce stands = : Badania nad roczną dynamiką rozwoju mikoryz w 40-letnich drzewostanach świerkowych
Aseptic culture of slowly growing mycorrhical Russula and Cortinarius species
Paxillus involutus as a mycorrhizal symbiont of forest trees
Effects of mycorrhizas on the defensive chemistry in Scots pine seedlings
The influence of earthworms and Vesicular-Arbuscular Mycorrhiza on the availability of phosphate in ecological arable farming
Ecology of mycorrhizal Pinus sylvestris seedlings - aspects of colonization and growth
The influence of arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) symbiosis on the competition and coexistence of calcareous grassland plant species
Improved drought tolerance, resistance to disease, and increased fruiting are just a few of the ways mycorrhizal fungi can enhance plant performance. Bestselling author Jeff Lowenfels clearly explains how beneficial fungi can make or bread a plant's success, and how to best optimize the advantages. Applicable to all types of cultivation - from agriculture to horticulture and ornamental gardens to legal cannabis propagation - Teaming with Fungi reveals the key role mycorrhizal fungi play in growing successful plants.--COVER.
Performance of two Centaurea species in response to different root-associated microbial communities and to alterations in nutrient availability
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Influence of decaying birch logs to Scots pine mycorrhizae at clear-cutted ploughed sizes in northern Finland
Nitrogen assimilation in ectomycorrhizal fungi and mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal Scots pine seedlings
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Characterization of ectomycorrhizal fungi and ectomycorrhizas of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) by isoenzyme analysis
The growth of external ectomycorrhizal mycelia in the field in relation to host nutrient status and local addition of mineral sources
Mycorrhizas : anatomy and cell biology
Growth and defence in plants : resource allocation at multiple scales
Susceptibility of Scots pine seedlings to specialist and generalist insect herbivores : importance of plant defence and mycorrhizal status
Biocomplexity of plant-fungal interactions
Ectomycorrniza in coniferous forest : structure and dynamics of populations and communities
Growth pattern and cytoskeleton in Suillus bovinus hyphae, Pinus sylvestris roots, and in Pinus sylvestris - Suillus bovinus ectomycorrhiza
Mycorrhizal colonization of highbush blueberry and its native relatives in central Finland
Ecological aspects of nitrogen metabolism in plants
Transgenic Betula pendula expressing sugar beet chitinase IV forms normal ectomycorrhizae with Paxillus involutus in vitro
Interactions in the root environment : an integrated approach : proceedings of the Millenium Conference on Rhizosphere Interactions, IACR-Rothamsted, United Kingdom, 10-12 April, 2000
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
Changed ratios of soil gases that lead to hypoxia are most often present in waterlogged soils, but can also appear in soils not saturated with water. In natural CO₂ springs (mofettes), gases in soil air differ from those in typical soils. In this study, plant roots from the mofette area Stavešinci (Slovenia) were sampled in a spatial scale and investigated for AM fungal colonization. AM fungi were found in roots from areas with high geological CO₂ concentration, however mycorrhizal intensity was relatively low and no correlation between AM fungal colonization and soil pattern of CO₂/O₂ concentrations (up to 37% CO₂) was found. The relatively high abundance of arbuscules in root cortex indicated existence of functional symbiosis at much higher CO₂ concentrations than normally found in soils. In addition, concentration of two different glomalin-related soil protein fractions - EE-GRSP and TG-GRSP - was measured. No significant correlation between any of the fractions and soil gases was found, however the concentration of both fractions was significantly higher in the upper 0-5 cm, compared to the 5-10 cm layer of the soil.
Recruitment of forest plants in relation to experimentally manipulated microhabitats and soil microbial communities
The role of ectomycorrhiza in forest nurseries
"Ecological Aspects of Nitrogen Acquisition explores not only how plants compete for nitrogen in complex ecological communities The book also looks in greater detail at the associations plants recruit with other organisms, ranging from soil microbes to arthropods, as nitrogen acquisition strategies, and how these contribute to individual and evolutionary fitness. The book is divided into four sections, each addressing an important set of relationships of plants with the environment and how this impacts the plant's ability to compete successfully for nitrogen, often the most growth-limiting nutrient. Ecological Aspects of Nitrogen Acquisition provides thorough coverage of this important topic, and will be a vitally important resource for plant scientists, agronomists, and ecologists"--
Interactions between plant species and mycorrhizal colonization on the bacterial community composition in the rhizosphere
Variation of ectomycorrhizal colonisation in Norway spruce seedlings in Finnish forest nurseries
Grazing tolerance of biennial meadow plants in relation to resource availability
Studies on the effect of some eradicants on mycorrhizal development in forest nurseries
Ectendomycorrhiza of conifers
The importance and technique of mycorrhizal inoculation at the afforestation of treeless areas : final report of a study conducted under an FAO André Mayer Fellowship
Hydnellum gracilipes : a link between stipitate and resupinate Hymenomycetes
Summary.
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 21. 21
The effect of slash burning on the commencement of mycorrhizal association
Root genomics and soil interactions
Improvement of soil fertility : Nanjing, China, April 1993.
Endogenous haemoglobins and heterologous Vitreoscilla haemoglobin in hybrid aspen
Light sources with different spectra affect root and mycorrhiza formation in Scots pine in vitro
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Archaea in the mycorrhizosphere of boreal forest trees
Mycorrhizae : sustainable agriculture and forestry
Effects of pre- and post-transplant inoculation with commercial arbuscular mycorrhizal (AM) fungi on pelargonium (Pelargonium hortorum) and its microorganism community
Factors affecting fine root dynamics of trees
The influence of fruticose soil lichens upon the myorrhizae and seedling growth of forest trees
Studies on the ectendotrophic mycorrhiza of pine
Differential responses of ectomycorrhizal fungi to heavy metals in vitro
Scots pine and its ectomycorrhizal symbionts under chronic low-level urban pollution : responses and restoration
The effect of a transferred chitinase gene on the pathogen resistance of Silver birch (Betula pendula)
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Rooted cuttings of geranium were grown with and without a slow release fertilizer and inoculated or not with a commercial inoculum containing AM fungi. After six weeks plants were transplanted into larger containers and one-half of the plants were inoculated with AM. Inoculation increased pelargonium growth along with nitrogen, phosphorous and potassium concentrations in shoot than caused a slight decrease in shoot growth and enhanced N concentration.    Colony forming units of total fungi and bacteria in the rhizosphere were not influenced by AM;  although RFLP profiles of DNA isolated from bacteria living in rhizosphere showed a more diverse community in AM-inoculated than non-inoculated plants at low nutrient supply. Our results suggest that mycorrhizal inoculation not only has an effect on plant growth and uptake of elements but it also influences directly or indirectly the bacterial community of the rhizosphere.
Mineral nutrition of conifer seedlings
Trees in a changing environment : ecophysiology, adaptation, and future survival
Cortinarius testaceofolius sp. nova, a common Telamonia of the taiga
Northern forest plants under the pressure of environmental changes. Soil and symbiosis
Carbon in boreal coniferous forest soil : roots, mycorrhiza and rhizosphere microbes
Pyrene degradation in forest humus microcosms with or without pine and its mycorrhizal fungus
VA mycorrhiza
General concepts in integrated pest and disease management
Nested PCR detection of Archaea in defines compartments of pine mycorrhizospheres developed in boreal forest humus microcosms
