http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15939 parking
parking
SmartPark - assessing the potential benefits of adopting a mobile payment system for parking at Adum
The architecture of parking
Planning landscape : dimensions, elements, typologies
The Facilities Management Handbook gives a complete overview of the role of a Facilities Manager. It provides all the relevant legal compliance, strategic policies and best practice information needed to ensure the safe, efficient and cost-effective running of any facilities function. Complete with checklists and sources of further information, this book offers easy-to-find practical advice to this broad and complex field. This new edition reflects the greater awareness of sustainable practices, as well as bringing the book up-to-date in line with changes to legislation. This title: clearly explains UK Health & Safety legislation providing unambiguous information needed for legal compliance; gives an overview to the diverse duties covered by a facilities manager, eliminating the need for separate references; and, includes checklists and sources of further information for easy-to-find advice.
Revenue management : a path to increased profits
Parking guide for the inner city of Helsinki 1996 = Leitfaden für das Parken im Zentrum von Helsinki 1996.
ReThinking a lot : the design and culture of parking
Abstract.
Car parks in the countryside : a practical guide to planning, design and construction
Lots of parking : land use in a car culture
Parking cash out
Carscapes : the motor car, architecture and landscape in England
Facilities management handbook
The implementation and effectiveness of transport demand management measures : an international perspective
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
Parking structures
Parking card for people with disabilities in the European Union : conditions in the member states
How satisfied are EuroPark Finland Oy's short-term customers at P-Kamppi parking hall?
When the motor car first came to England in the 1890s, it was a luxury item with little practical purpose - drivers couldn't travel very far or very quickly without paved roads or traffic laws. Thus began a transformation that has affected the architecture, infrastructure, and even the natural environment of the country. 'Carscapes' relates the history of the car's impact on the physical environment of England from its early beginnings to the modern motorway network, focusing especially on its architectural influence. The authors offer a detailed look at the litany of structures designed specifically to accommodate cars: garages, gas stations, car parks, factories, and showrooms. Presenting a comprehensive study of these buildings, along with highways, bridges, and signage, 'Carscapes' reveals the many overlooked ways in which automobiles have shaped the modern English landscape.
Parking fees, congestion, and consumer welfare
Essays in urban transport economics
Practical manual of land development
Underground facilities : experience, design, realisation
The new transit town : best practices in transit-oriented development
Rock : sound of countless opportunities
Sustainable parking facilities
Roadside rest areas and rest area structures and equipment
Installation and Simulation of a Simple Parking Lot Management System
Näin pysäköit Tampereella = Så här parkerar du i Tammerfors = This is how you park your car in Tampere = So parken Sie in Tampere
Promoting CarP, through marketing communication tools
Cellular positioning system (CPS)
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
Parking structures : planning, design, costruction, maintenance and repair
