http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15944 church codes
church codes
Rights, laws and infallibility in Medieval thought
The Canons of Hippolytus
The ascent of Christian law : Patristic and Byzantine formulations of a new civilization
Living lawfully : love in law and law in love
Christian law : contemporary principles
On two wings : humble faith and common sense at the American founding
The right to due process in the church : a comparative ecclesiastical approach
Religion and the constitution. Volume 2, Establishment and fairness
Popes, lawyers, and infidels : the Church and the non-Christian world, 1250-1550
The ecclesiastical edicts of the Theodosian code
The ecumenical constitution of churches
The aim of the second part of the project on the impact of the racial laws under the Mussolini regime is to offer the reader a critical edition and an English translation of 139 letters that were exchanged between the victims of those laws (and their relatives and friends) and the Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi (1861-1956) who interceded with the Fascist government in order to circumvent or alleviate various provisions of the 1938 anti-Jewish legislation.
Many religions, one covenant : Israel, the Church and the world
English canon law : essays in honour of Bishop Eric Kemp
Law and religion in the 21st century : Nordic perspectives
Abortion and constitutional law : a comparative European-American study
Religion and the Constitution. Vol. 1, Free exercise and fairness
Toward an American Orthodox Church
The science of conjecture : evidence and probability before Pascal
Byzantine church law remains terra incognita to most scholars in the western academy. In this work, David Wagschal provides a fresh examination of this neglected but fascinating world. Confronting the traditional narratives of decline and primitivism that have long discouraged study of the subject, Wagschal argues that a close reading of the central monuments of Byzantine canon law c. 381-883 reveals a much more sophisticated and coherent legal culture than is generally assumed. Engaging in innovative examinations of the physical shape and growth of the canonical corpus, the content of the canonical prologues, the discursive strategies of the canons, and the nature of the earliest forays into systematization, Wagschal invites his readers to reassess their own legal-cultural assumptions as he advances an innovative methodology for understanding this ancient law. Law and Legality in the Greek East explores topics such as compilation, jurisprudence, professionalization, definitions of law, the language of the canons, and the relationship between the civil and ecclesiastical laws. It challenges conventional assumptions about Byzantine law while suggesting many new avenues of research in both late antique and early medieval law, secular and ecclesiastical.
Russian imperial Lutheran liturgy since the publication of the 1832 agenda
"Pouring Jewish water into fascist wine" : untold stories of (Catholic) Jews from the archive of Mussolini's Jesuit Pietro Tacchi Venturi. Volume 2
Laws on religion and the state in post-communist Europe
The teachings of modern Protestantism on law, politics, and human nature
New commentary on the Code of Canon Law : commisioned by the Canon Law Society of America
The Qurʼān's legal culture : the Didascalia Apostolorum as a point of departure
Canonical collections of the early Middle Ages (ca. 400-1140) : a bibliographical guide to the manuscripts and literature
Law and legality in the Greek East : the Byzantine canonical tradition, 381-883
Homosexuality and religion : an encyclopedia
Religion and law : an introduction
An overview of orthodox canon law
Law and religion in contemporary society : communities, individualism and the state
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Faith and law : juridical perspectives for the ecumenical movement
Chinese law & religion monitor = Zhongguo falü yu zongjia guancha
Law and theology in the Middle Ages
Religion in public life : must faith be privatized?
Christianity and law : an introduction
The biblical world. Vol. 2
The Roman curia, the apostolic penitentiary and the partes in the later Middle Ages
Medieval church law and the origins of the Western legal tradition : a tribute to Kenneth Pennington
The pluralist theory of the state : selected writings of G.D.H. Cole, J.N. Figgis and H.J. Laski
Power over the body, equality in the family : rights and domestic relations in medieval canon law
The politics of the Irish constitution
Paul, Judaism, and the Gentiles : beyond the new perspective
In the aftermath of Vatican II, questions concerning due process were not among the main issues debated in canon law. Other topics dominated, including participation, the status of lay people, collegiality. Marriage was a covenant, not a contract. The Church was a community, not an institution. A plea for a more prominent role of canon law was perceived as a lack of true pastoral spirit. Theologians often argued that the Church had to offer more than just law, while it used to be less. Today, the situation changed, though not completely, and at times with a lot of reluctance. This book offers various contributions on due process: the functioning of the Apostolic Signatura and other tribunals within the Roman Catholic Church; an historical overview of due process, covering the evolution over many centuries; the Anglican ideas, norms and traditions; the Reformed perspective. A final address by professor Rik Torfs contributes to the scientific development of church law, and offers practical suggestions to the ecclesial world. --From the Introduction.
Law and religion in Europe : a comparative introduction
The Penitentiary as a Well of Grace in the Late Middle Ages : the example of the province of Uppsala 1448-1527
Sexuality, marriage, and celibacy in Byzantine law : selections from a fourteenth-century encyclopedia of canon law and theology : the Alphabetical Collection of Matthew Blastares
Law and religion : the legal teachings of the Protestant and Catholic Reformations
The Treysa Conference on "the Biblical doctrine of law and justice" : report of a conference arranged by the Study Department of the World Council of Churches, held at Treysa, Germany, August 2d to 7th, 1950
Canon law in the age of reform, 11th-12th centuries
The spiritual regulation of Peter the Great
The English church and its laws 12th-14th centuries
Church and state in the later Roman empire : the religious policy of Anastasius the First, 491-518
Canonical development through dialogue : marriage and divorce in the pre-conciliar period and in the All-Russian Church Council of 1917-1918
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 3, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : Books 6, 7, 8
The reformation of rights : law, religion and human rights in early modern Calvinism
The making of Gratian's Decretum
Do the Qur'an and the Didascalia Apostolorum share a legal culture, as the laws and the legal narratives of both texts suggest? Holger Michael Zellentin assesses the close affinity between both texts in light of the chronological, linguistic, and religious differences that separate them, offering new insights on the communities of Late Antique Judaism, Christianity, and the Qur'an.
Religion, state, and society : Jefferson's wall of separation in comparative perspective
