http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15962 Paradox (computer programmes)
Paradox (computer programmes)
Developing Paradox databases : an object-based approach
The revision theory of truth
Liars and heaps : new essays on paradox
Exploring the organizing of work for creative individuals:the paradox of art and business in creative industries
The theological paradox : interdisciplinary reflections on the centre Paul Tillich's thought : proceedings of the V. International Paul Tillich Symposium, held in Frankfurt/Main 1994 = Das theologische Paradox : interdisziplinäre Reflexionen zur Mitte von Paul Tillichs Denken : Beiträge des V. internationalen Paul-Tillich-Symposions in Frankfurt/Main 1994
Distributed Leadership and the Visibility/Invisibility Paradox in On-line Communities
Shakespeare and the culture of paradox
The dynamic concept of humor : Erich Fromm and the possibility of humane humor
Wandering God : a study in nomadic spirituality
One equals zero and other mathematical surprises : paradoxes, fallacies, and mind bogglers
The aphorism and other short forms
Paradox queries for Windows
The uses of paradox : religion, self-transformation, and the absurd
"The time gives it proofe" : paradox in the late music of Beethoven
Despite the welcome revival of scholarly interest in Biblical Wisdom, the "Book of Proverbs" remains neglected. It continues to be seen as a disorganised repository of traditional banalities, while "Job" and "Qohelet" are viewed as more exciting texts, in revolt against "Proverbs'" conventional wisdom. This book argues that this misleading consensus owes more to scholarly presuppositions than to the content of "Proverbs"; it sees "Proverbs" as a challenging work, one that aims to provoke a critical appropriation of wisdom and in which diverse sources have been skilfully brought together by a creative final editor to form a complex unity. Many divergences from the Hebrew in the Greek witness to the translator's discomfort with his spikey, provocative original. Peter Hatton challenges many existing scholarly assumptions and calls for a reevaluation of the role and significance of "Proverbs" in relation to the other biblical wisdom books and the whole canon.
Contradiction in the book of Proverbs : the deep waters of counsel
Aha! : a two volume collection : aha! Gotcha : aha! insight
Strategy : the logic of war and peace
Revenge of the liar : new essays on the paradox
Advances in genetics
Conversations with the sphinx : paradoxes in physics
Co-evolution between Trust in Teachers and Higher Education Enabled by ICT Advancement : A Suggestion to ICT Growing Economies
Tractatus insolubilium : a critical edition
Paradoxes are arguments that lead from apparently true premises, via apparently uncontroversial reasoning, to a false or even contradictory conclusion. Paradoxes threaten our basic understanding of central concepts such as space, time, motion, infinity, truth, knowledge, and belief.
If the universe is teeming with aliens... where is everybody? : fifty solutions to the Fermi paradox and the problem of extraterrestrial life
Paradoxia epidemica : the renaissance tradition of paradox
The power of paradox : the protean leader and leading in uncertain times
Bang : the evolving cosmos
"A paradox can be defined as an unacceptable conclusion derived by apparently acceptable reasoning from apparently acceptable premises. Many paradoxes raise serious philosophical problems, and they are associated with crises of thought and revolutionary advances. The expanded and revised third edition of this intriguing book considers a range of knotty paradoxes including Zeno's paradoxical claim that the runner can never overtake the tortoise, a new chapter on paradoxes about morals, paradoxes about belief, and hardest of all, paradoxes about truth. The discussion uses a minimum of technicality but also grapples with complicated and difficult considerations, and is accompanied by helpful questions designed to engage the reader with the arguments. The result is not only an explanation of paradoxes but also an excellent introduction to philosophical thinking."--BOOK JACKET.
Vagueness, logic, and ontology
Co-evolution between trust in teachers and higher education toward digitally-rich learning environments
Truth and paradox : solving the riddles
Truth, probability and paradox : studies in philosophical logic
Paradox in Christian theology : an analysis of its presence, character, and epistemic status
Universality and the liar : an essay on truth and the diagonal argument
The ways of paradox from Lando to Donne
Nonplussed! : mathematical proof of implausible ideas
The myth of resource efficiency : the Jevons Paradox
This book is about one of the most baffling of all paradoxes – the famous Liar paradox.  Suppose we say: 'We are lying now'. Then if we are lying, we are telling the truth; and if we are telling the truth we are lying. This paradox is more than an intriguing puzzle, since it involves the concept of truth. Thus any coherent theory of truth must deal with the Liar. Keith Simmons discusses the solutions proposed by medieval philosophers and offers his own solutions and in the process assesses other attempts to solve the paradox. Unlike such attempts, Simmons' 'singularity' solution does not abandon classical semantics and does not appeal to the kind of hierarchical view found in Barwise's and Etchemendy's The Liar. Moreover, Simmons' solution resolves the vexing problem of semantic universality – the problem of whether there are semantic concepts beyond the expressive reach of a natural language such as English.
Attributions and paradoxes of agency in socially sustainable development : perspectives from small-scale NGOs in Jinja, Uganda
Iris Murdoch's paradoxical novels : thirty years of critical reception
Paradox and the marvellous in Augustan literature and culture
Impossible? : surprising solutions to counterintuitive conundrums
Paradoxes : a study in form and predication
One hundred years of Russell's paradox : mathematics, logic, philosophy
Paradox, dialectic, and system : a contemporary reconstruction of the Hegelian problematic
The Banach-Tarski paradox
Discursive practices in organizational change
Paradoxes : their roots, range, and resolution
A brief history of the paradox : philosophy and the labyrinths of the mind
Help! paradox for Windows
The postmodern
Universality and the Liar : An Essay on Truth and the Diagonal Argument
Adventures in paradox : Don Quixote and the Western tradition
Maintenance of genetic variation in sexual ornamentation : role of precopulatory and postcopulatory sexual selection
Teach yourself... Paradox 5.0 for Windows
The liar speaks the truth : a defense of the revision theory of truth
