http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p15959 smoke
smoke
Summary: Data of 31 wolverine dens found in Finnish Lapland since the Second World War were received from hunters. The first newly born cubs were found in late January and early February.
The use of seismic investigations in the Sokli area
Breeding biology of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.) in Finland
Autumn and winter diet of the hazel grouse (Tetrastes bonasia L.) i northeastern Finnish Lapland
Fluid inclusion studies in apatite from the Sokli carbonatite, northeastern Finland
CO2 capture from flue gas and CO2 utilization in synthesis of energy products
Hotspot cluj : new Romanian art : [ARKEN Museum of Modern Art, 25 May - 10 November 2013] / [editors: Christian Gether, Stine Høholt, Dorthe Juul Rugaard]
An introduction to fire dynamics
Abstract: An analysis of 53 crops of the hazel grouse collected during September - December of 1967 - 1970 gave the following results...
Sokli: carbonatite prospecting by the heavy minerals in stream sediments
Topics in environmental and safety aspects of combustion technology
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
A regional study of the trace-metal concentrations in humus in eastern Finnish Lapland
NFPA 92 : standard for smoke systems
Impact of tobacco control policy on smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke
Smoke firing : contemporary artists and approaches
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
On the Archean and Proterozoic komatiites in the Savukoski area, NE-Finland
Remote sensing and geobotanical prospecting in Finland
Case report: On 18. X. 1967 an adult male hazel grouse was shot by Mr. M. Kinnunen at Kolsakoski in the northernmost part of the commune of Savukoski, N. E. Finland. Mr. Kinnunen observed a large yellow body, with no feathers, on the back of the bird and sent the whole bird for investigation to the Subarctic Research Station of the University...
Pyrochlore from the Sokli carbonatite complex, Northern Finland
Experiences with the audiomagnetotelluric method in Northern Finland
The David & Charles Manual of stoves, hearths and chimneys
Abstract: Gas-chromatography was used to determine the major fatty acid composition of the total lipids, and triglyceride and phospholipid fractions of the subcutaneous, liver, skeletal muscle, coronary and perinephric fats of 38 moose killed in northeastern Finnish Lapland in early and late winter 1967-1972...
"In handbook form to be useful to practicing engineers and other professionals, this book addresses smoke control design, smoke management, controls, fire and smoke control in transport tunnels, and full scale fire testing. For those getting started with computer models CONTAM and CFAST, there are simplified instructions with examples"
Geological interpretation of seismic soundings at the Sokli carbonatite complex, northern Finland
Winter War in Eastern Lapland : historic war sights
Major fatty acid composition of some organ fats in the moose (Alces alces) in northeastern Lapland
Mechanisms of angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis in calcific aortic valve stenosis
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
A new find of carbonatite in North Finland, the Sokli plug in Savukoski
Pluminidal sinus (epidermoid cyst) on the back of a male hazel grouse (Tetrastes bonasia L.)
Environmental tobacco smoke
Signal correlations in biomass combustion – an information theoretic analysis
Sorting of a niobium ore on geological bases and by X-MET analyzer
Prediction of smoke production and heat release by convolution model : NORDTEST technical report 1297-96
Effects of passive smoking on  respiratory health of children : a systematic literature review
Reactive dissolution of sedimentary rocks in flue gas desulfurization : modeling and experimental investigation
Aspects of photogeological interpretation of Sokli carbonatite massif
NFPA 204 : standard for smoke and heat venting
Charge potential (mise-à-la-masse) method in Hannukainen and Sokli area of Northern Finland
Genotoxic air pollutants : genotoxicity of smoke emissions, ambient air, and environmental tobacco smoke in mammalian cells
Utilisation of non-linear modelling methods in flue-gas oxygen-content control
Tupakkatilasto 2014 = Tobaksstatistik 2014 = Tobacco statistics 2014
Deglaciation of the main water divide, Saariselkä, North-Fennoscandia
Alkaline lamprophyres from the Sokli complex, northern Finland
Handbook of smoke control engineering
Cytotoxicity, genotoxicity and irritation potency of some pyrotechnically produced military smokes
Geological characteristics of the Sokli carbonatite complex, Finland
Balance abilities of workers in physically demanding jobs : with special reference to firefighters of different ages
Ventilation and smoking : reducing the exposure to ETS in buildings
Smoke gas analysis by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy : the SAFIR project
Sulphation of cuprous oxide : experimental results with low SO2 content
Glaciofluvial transport of clasts and heavy minerals from the Sokli carbonatite complex, Finnish Lapland
Risk assessment methods in system approach to fire safety
Dry scrubbing technologies for flue gas desulfurization
Techno-economic evaluation of significant CO2 emission reductions in the iron and steel industry with CCS
Desulphurization by limestone injection at high temperature
Plan-B - smoke mask for self-rescue from fires
Exposure to tobacco smoke and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in children and adolescents : the STRIP study
Ammonia stripper modelling with CHEMCAD simulation program
Exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, animals and pollen grains as determinants of atopic diseases and respiratory infections
This thesis investigates possibilities to design an improved product for self-rescue from fires to help to reduce the number of deaths caused by fire. The work was commissioned by a product design company "Meso" based in Glasgow, United Kingdom. The primary idea was to design a survival kit for offices. The first thing to study was what kind of product would meet the needs of the market. The project started by researching the available products on the market, fires and human behaviour in emergencies. The Internet, different articles and interviews were used as an information source. The definition of product design was created based on the research to pinpoint the limitations of the design process. The background investigation revealed a market gap for a small easy to use product of good quality. It also showed that the product does not require other accessories except carbon monoxide filter and goggles with a safety colour head strap. The product was designed into a foldable, compact and easy to use package. The design was carried out using sketch models and Computer Aided Design (CAD). The prototype was made using 3D printing technology. The future of the project would require more developing and testing of the prototype and further manufacturing and commercializing of the final product.
Kummitsoiva komatiite complex and its satellites in northern Finland
A study of sulfur isotopes in the Sokli multi-stage carbonatite (Finland)
Magnetite in Sokli carbonatite massif and in Tulppio olivinite
Typical nanoparticle concentrations in exhaust plumes and rates of processes affecting nanoparticle formation and growth
Fluid inclusions in the apatite of the Sokli carbonatite, Finland - a preliminary report
Competitor analysis of lunch restaurants in Vaajakoski : case: Savutuvan Apaja
Organochloro compounds in the stack emission
The age of the Sokli carbonatite, Finland, and some relationships of the North Atlantic alkaline igneous province
A study on spray dry and coolside desulfurization
Arctic smoke : record high air pollution levels in the European Arctic  due to agricultural fires in Eastern Europe in spring 2006
Flue gas desulfurization with ammonium hydroxide : a case study
Signal correlations in biomass combustion : an information theoretic analysis
Studies on the consequences of the control of nitrogen oxide emission : slagging of ash and scrubbibg of flue gas
Occupational cancer in Europe
Glaciofluvial transport of clasts and heavy minerals in Sokli, Finnish Lapland
Evaluation of the technical performance, the toxicological effects and the irritation potency of four pyrotechnic screening smokes
The Sokli carbonatite complex
On prospecting for pyrochlore mineralizations by humus analysis at Sokli
The Santa trap
English summary: Volunteer Fire Department of Savukoski, 1959-2009.
Wolf spider fauna (Araneae, Lycosidae) around the planned Vuotos reservoir area in northern Finland in the summer 1994.
Removal of Co2 from flue gases using magnesium silicates in Finland
GPR and dielectric classification of glacial materials
English summary: Smoke sauna oven.
Combustion
