http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16 international movements
international movements
Transnational protest and global activism
Generation Palestine : voices from the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement
The Clients’ Perceptions of the UK as a Business Location and the Services of UK Trade and Investment
Globalization and social movements
Contesting global governance : multilateral economic institutions and global social movements
The globalization reader
Import-Export Business Plan
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
Introduction to global business : understanding the international environment and global business functions
The first steps for starting global businesses in Finland - From idea until the business plan : Project: Barisma – The worldwide website for bars, nightclubs and cafes
Doing business in China
Critical success factors of Finnish-Mexican interpersonal communication in the business context
Aiming for change : intentional communities and ideology in function
Memorandum on the application of the British Socialist Party for separate affiliation to the International Bureau
Global migration patterns : migration pressure increasing towards developing countries
The rise of the global left : the World Social Forum and beyond
Flashlights of the Amsterdam International Socialist Congress, 1904
Security complex in the Persian Gulf in the aftermath of the Iraq War
Exporting dried fruits and nuts from Afghanistan to Finland  :  Busniess plan for a new company
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Nigeria`s WEEE market : business opportunity for Finnish SMEs
Digital media and the transnationalization of protests
Activists beyond borders : advocacy networks in international politics
Transnational civil society : an introduction
Preamble, rules and resolutions agreed to at the Vienna Conference establishing the International Working Union of Socialist Parties, together with the report of the I.L.P. delegation and recommendations of the N.A.C
Market entry to US : IT company ZEF Ltd
Due to the past decade's increasing impact of civil society networks and campaigns on global policy, the transnational civil society has become a continually emerging phenomenon. ""Transnational Civil Society: An Introduction"" provides a clear and accessible introduction to the history, characteristics, and achievements of influential transnational civil society networks, coalitions, and movements. Providing perspectives from both developing and industrialized countries, editors Srilatha Batliwala and L. David Brown create the impetus for an in-depth analysis of the forces that have shaped social movements such as globalism, economic and political power structures, and organization by non-state actors. The contributors are globally experienced activist-scholars and reflective practitioners presently engaged in these issues. Together these sources form a comprehensive introduction to civil transnationalism through the synthesis of diverse positions as the contributors raise ideas and discussion on social transformation. For students, practitioners, and activist alike, ""Transnational Civil Society: An Introduction"" offers comprehensible descriptions of transnational initiatives working toward effective and sustainable solutions to problems involving the environment, human rights, women's rights, and economic justice.
Socialist Labor Party and the Third International : socio-political science vs. revolutionary romanticism
The policing of transnational protest
The Development of Haian Machinery Manufacturing Co. Ltd in the Internationalization
Women in the Labour and Socialist International : report submitted to the third women's international conference of the L.S.I. and the third congress of the L.S.I. by the secretariat of the L.S.I
International business : the new realities
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Designing a model for business training in Finnish biotechnology companies
The coming peace and social democracy
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possiblities and barriers of biobanks
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
The sharing economy : solidarity networks transforming globalisation
Business models for Finnish biobanks : exploring commercial possibilities and barriers of biobanks
English abstract.
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Expanding business in Spain : Case: Mystery shopping service provider Company X
Global tourism
The International, 1864-1924 : solidarity of labour
The communist solar system : the Communist International
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Comisco information service
Minorities and their right of political participation
A short history of the European working class
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Report presented by the Social-Democratic Federation to the International Socialist Workers' Congress, held at Zürich, August 6th to 12th, 1893.
The Situationist International : a user's guide
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
The effectiveness of aid in improving regulations : empirical evidence and the drivers of change in Rwanda
Software business expansion through distribution channel : Case M-Files - Denmark
Complexity and social movements : multitude at the edge of chaos
Market Research on the Turkish Shipbuilding Industry : case: Koskisen Oy
The aim of this thesis is to provide the commissioner ZEF Ltd. with important points of considera-tion when entering the US market. The subject was agreed with the commissioner to support their business expansion abroad, and the desired results of this thesis will point out certain matters that may have gone unnoticed if it was not for this thesis. The purpose is to help ZEF have a suc-cessful market entry to the US. Mainly online sources were used for the theoretical background in order to ensure up-to-date information and practical approach. To support the knowledge provided by theory, a semi-structured interview covering all the four themes was conducted with Juho Risku, the co-founder and partner at Butterfly Ventures, due to his experience in operating a business in the US. The interview was used together with the theory to form a coherent knowledge base. The results show that ZEF needs to take into account each of the four themes introduced in this thesis. They should consider all the practicalities of establishing an office in a foreign country from entry strategies to market differences. After entering the country, the company needs to consider different ways of networking in order to establish relationships with business partners and cus-tomers. Also, ZEF needs to consider their marketing and sales operations, especially whether to use both inbound and outbound marketing, and whether their product is ready for the market or not. The final consideration is the arrangement of customer support, as customer support locating only in Finland is not going to be sufficient, and ZEF will face the need to recruit more employees in the US. This thesis was conducted when ZEF was not yet operating in the US. Therefore, as the situation and the companys plans may change during their US operations, further research could be done on each of the four themes or the situation as a whole. For example, continuously changing mar-keting methods can bring new research ideas, and the arrangement of customer support will face challenges as the US customer base grows bigger.
The Asian insider : unconventional wisdom for Asian business
Development of interpersonal relationships in global virtual teams
Theses presented to the Second World Congress of the Communist International (Petrograd - Moscow July 1920)
International communism and transnational solidarity : radical networks, mass movements and global politics, 1919-1939
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Another Japan is possible : new social movements and global citizenship education
Address and provisional rules of the International Working Men's Association
The making of an international movement of indigenous peoples
Klein has selected & rearranged her newspaper columns to show the gradual rise of the anti-global corporation movement.
Between woman and nation : nationalism, transnational feminisms, and the state
Edges of global justice : the World Social Forum and its "others"
Radical islam : history, catalysts, social bases and the ideological quest for an international islamic alternative : cases from Egypt and the Sudan
Worlds of women : the making of an international women's movement
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Turning consumers into partners : creating opportunities for business model innovation in retailing
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
1001 - a collection and a questionnaire for Minimarket AB Stockholm
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : Case Galaxo Ltd.
Improving the quotation process of an after-sales unit
Developing a marketing plan for Germany : case Galaxo Ltd
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Social movements in global politics
Finnish cleantech SMEs in China : challenges and solutions
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
International opportunity recognition among Finnish SMEs : organic food SMEs in the Baltic Sea region
The revival of international solidarity : The Internationale Arbeiterhilfe, Willi Münzenberg and the Comintern in Weimar Germany, 1921–1933
Small Business Act in practice in the Baltic Sea states
Business networks in e-commerce internationalization : two Finnish companies targeting Russia
Cross-cultural business behavior : marketing, negotiating, sourcing and managing across cultures
A global world? : re-ordering political space
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
The Third International to the workers of all countries : concerning the Polish question
Internationalisation of Russian firms to Finland : case study of Russian SMEs
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
Transnational social movements and global politics : solidarity beyond the state
Evaluation of cooperation between principal and foreign partners in export business - Case: Tamtron Group
Political environment and business development in the arctic : strategic opportunities and threats for Finnish companies
Behind God's back
Global latinas : Latin Americas emerging multinationals
In the age of globalization and internationalization it becomes more and more important for companies to enter new markets. Therefore, Finnish company Galaxo Ltd. located in Oulu, Finland intends to enter the German market and distribute its energy management system there. The purpose of this thesis was to prepare a marketing plan in order to provide useful information about the German market for the case company. Furthermore, there was a need for recommendations as the Finnish firm was not familiar with foreign markets, yet. The idea of this thesis topic was developed by the author with the support of Galaxo Ltd. Moreover, the first part of the marketing plan consists of analyses such as competitors’ analysis, stakeholder analysis, PESTEL analysis and SWOT analysis. These chapters are followed by marketing strategy which includes segmentation, targeting, positioning, mission statement and competitive strategy. Moreover, the company ́s objectives were outlined and the marketing mix, consisting of the 4 Ps: product, place, price, place and promotion, was suggested. The background knowledge for this thesis was provided by lectures of courses at Oulu University of Applied Sciences such as marketing, intercultural skills and international business strategy. Moreover, this basis was extended by books, articles and websites that offer in depth information regarding marketing issues as well as topics related to Germany. In addition, meetings with Hannes Huotari, CEO at Galaxo Ltd., and Anu Toljamo, sales manager at Galaxo Ltd., were organized. In addition, there was also e-mail contact with these representatives. Consequently, the case company was provided with the results of the marketing plan during the whole thesis process. The next step for Galaxo Ltd. is to apply the given information and recommendations and enter the German market. Therefore, the target group needs to become aware of the case company and their product Infochannel, which could be reached by implementing presentations and questionnaires for the potential customers, universities in the southern part of Germany.
A dynamic business model for high-tech industry in a global environment : the origin of operational patterns by means of social selection
Socialist International information
The formation of the World Council of Indigenous Peoples
Implementing corporate responsibility through internal communication on a global scale
Joyous greetings : the first international women's movement, 1830-1860
Direct legislation by the people : argument in favour of the motion of the Swiss Organisations to the International Socialist Workers congress 1893.
In Between Woman and Nation constructions such as nationalism, homeland, country, region, and locality are for the first time examined in the context of gender. The contributors - leading scholars of ethnicity, transnationalism, globalization, and feminist theory- are united in their determination to locate and describe the performative space of interactions between woman and nation. These are interactions, claim the contributors, that cannot be essentialized. This interdisciplinarily collection investigates women in diverse locales - ranging from Quebec to Beirut. The contributors consider such subjects as Yucatan feminism, Islamic fundamentalisms, Canadian gender formations, historic Chicana/o struggles, and Israeli/Palestinian conflicts. Divided into three parts, the collection first examines constructions of nationalism and communities whose practices complicate these constructions. The second section discusses regulations of particular nation-states and how they affect the lives of women, while the third presents studies of transnational identity formation, in which contributors critique ideas such as “multicultural nationalism” and “global feminism.” Arguing provocatively that such movements and concepts inadequately represent women's interests, contributors examine how such beliefs and their attendant organizations may actually bolster the very formations they ought to subvert. In its demonstration of the critical possibilities of feminist alliances across discrepant and distinct material conditions, Between Woman and Nation will make a unique contribution to women's studies, feminist theory, studies of globalization and transnationalism, ethnic studies, and cultural studies.
A development plan for an international partner network : case Jyväskylä Regional Development Company JYKES Ltd
Political geography
Towards conceptually comprehensive and integrated theory of entrepreneurial opportunity
Army and people : the Soviet government and the corps of officers
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
Profits with principles : seven strategies for delivering value with values
Improving the Quotation Process of an After-Sales Unit
Iran as potential business partner for Finnish SMEs
International business : Adjusting to new challenges and opportunities
Fences and windows : dispatches from the front lines of the globalization debate
Kone's prince : the colorful life of Pekka Herlin
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
A guide for Finnish textile companies entering Nigeria
Legitimacy through constructive engagement : an institutional pressure perspective to primary sector MNE social sustainability in the Republic of Liberia
Foreign Divestment in E-business : analysis of foreign market exit of Groupon and Lyyti
Global revolt : a guide to the movements against globalization
A "unique culture"? : migration, nostalgia, alcoholism, suicide and religious revival in Finland
Finding new territories to expand a business is a common goal for many. Many markets are flooded with such a variety of products it is sometimes hard for an entering business to be noticed. Entering a virgin market that is not yet saturated with the mass companies is an ideal situation for a business. They would be new, fresh and desired. There are many countries that are considered to be up and coming economies. The factors in making these countries virtually untouched are many, some including poverty, crime, corruption and even terrorism. The objective of this thesis is to show Nigeria as a lucrative target market and to create a guide for entry. There are barriers to entry and fears of terrorism that keep many businesses away. In this work, it will unveil some of the people in Nigeria, lessening the mystery to this culture. The Nigerian culture is very business orientated and worldwide, business is business, and this is a common bond that foreign businesses have with their Nigerian counterparts. This thesis is written jointly with a Nigerian author and an American author, giving the knowledge of a native Nigerian as well as the questions of an outsider. The commissioners for this thesis are also used as the case companies. The first commissioner/case company is Vallila Interior, a Finnish interior design company and the focus will be on their brightly colored textiles. The second commissioner/case company will be Altretes Enterprises, a Nigerian interior design company wishing to import foreign textiles to meet their clientele’s demand. This thesis will be a guide on connecting the two companies and easing some fears the Finnish company might have about entering the Nigerian market.
The revival of the Communist International and its significance for the United States : staff study by the subcommittee to investigate the administration of the Internal security act and other internal security laws to the Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate, eighty-sixth congress, first session
Doing business with Japan : successful strategies for intercultural communication
The contemporary global social movements : emergent proposals, connectivity and development implications
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Challenges of business negotiation communications between Finnish and Eastern European companies: a comparative study of ICT and agriculture sectors
Social networks and networking facilitating internationalization : Experiences of two Finnish fashion companies
Global movements : action and culture
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to model and analyze the quotation process of area managers at a global company. Process improvement requires understanding the fundamentals of the process. The study was conducted a case study. Data comprised of internal documentation of the case company, literature, and semi-structured, themed interviews of process performers and stakeholders. The objective was to produce model of the current state of the process. The focus was to establish a holistic view of the roles and overall composition of the process. The analysis of the current state utilized principles of business process management. The identified challenges were evaluated by their criticality to produce a condensed body for the analysis. Each challenge was addressed individually against theories of process improvement. The study progressed iteratively. The output was a list of suggested improvement points with appropriate methods of achieving the desired changes.  It was found that processes are utilitarian and effective, but require planning and continuous improvement. The intra-connectedness of multiple processes forms complex entities, thus validating the need for business process management. The transformation of business strategy requires reformations in the everyday functions and processes. This study aims to bridge the successful processes of today with those in the strategic scope of the future.  The study has use as an informative document to communicate the purpose and structure of the process. The findings of the study received confirmation from the results of a yearly customer survey and a concurrent operational improvement project.
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Report of Socialist Party Delegation and Proceedings of the International Socialist Congress at Copenhagen 1910
