http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16025 fugues
fugues
Bach's Well-tempered clavier : an exploration of the 48 preludes and fugues
Bach's forty-eight preludes and fugues : analysed for students. Book 2
The Well-Tempered Clavier : BWV 846-869. 1
Bach's Well-tempered clavier : the 48 preludes and fugues
Die Fugen des Wohltemperierten Klaviers in bildlicher Darstellung = The fugues of the well-tempered clavier in graphic presentation
Das Wohltemperierte Klavier. Teil II  = The well-tempered clavier. Part II
The fugue. Volume one, from the beginnings to Johann Sebastian Bach
The Glenn Gould silver jubilee album
Bach's keyboard music : [a listener's guide]
The forty-eight preludes and fugues of J. S. Bach
The Well-Tempered clavier II : BWV 870-893. 2
Selected duets for clarinet. Volume 1, Easy-Medium
THE STUDY OF FUGUE
The organ music of J. S. Bach. 1, Preludes, toccatas, fantasias, fugues, sonatas, concertos and miscellaneous pieces (BMV 525-598, 802-805 etc.)
24 Preludes and Fugues : op. 87 : Volume I-II
Analyzing fugue : a Schenkerian approach
Little preludes and fugues
String quartet, op. 1
The organ works of Bach. Book 6, toccata, preludes, and fugues
Theories of fugue from the age of Josquin to the age of Bach
The well-tempered clavier : 48 preludes and fugues. Book 2
Das Wohltemperierte Klavier. Teil I = The well-tempered clavier. Part I
THE TECHNIQUE AND SPIRIT OF FUGUE
Modal and tonal counterpoint : from Josquin to Stravinsky
The Composer
Solos for young violinists : violin part and piano accompaniment. Volume 5
The art of fugue : Bach fugues for keyboard, 1715-1750
The study of fugue
Orgelwerke : Organ works. Band 6, Präludien, Toccaten, Fantasien und Fugen II : Frühfassungen und Varianten zu I (Band 5) und II (Band 6) = Volume 6 = Preludes, toccatas, fantasies and fugues II = Early versions and variants to I (volume 5) and II (volume 6)
Fugue and invention in theory and practice
Das wohltemperierte Klavier I = The well-tempered clavier : book I
Chromatische Fantasie und Fuge d-Moll = Chromatic fantasy and fugue in D minor BWV 903 : Urtext der neuen Bach Ausgabe
"The book examines the significance of key and the emotional dimension Bach discerned in each tonality; the symbolism of melodic and rhythmic motifs; and the symbolism of numbers. It also includes reference to other instrumental works by Bach in the same key and melodic patterns"--Provided by publisher.
J.S.Bach: Fugue in d minor (WTC book 1)
The fugue. Volume two, From Handel to the twentieth century
The technique and spirit of fugue : an historical study
Bach und die Orgel = Bach and the organ
Seek and ye shall find - but you do have to seek
The fugue in Beethoven's piano music
Chromatic Fantasia and Fugue d-moll
Music and its questions : essays in honor of Peter Williams
Sämtliche Orgelwerke = Complete organ works. 1, 2, Praeludien und fugen = Preludes and Fugues
Toccata und Fuge in d-moll : für die Orgel (Pedal and Manual)
Das wohltemperierte Klavier = The well-tempered clavier. 2, BWV 870-893
Lux aeterna : Finnish organ music collection
Bach's Die Kunst der Fuge : a living compendium of fugal procedures : with a motivic analysis of all the fugues
Fugue : history and practice
Acht kleine Präludien und Fugen = Eight little preludes and fugues : BWV 553-560
The form of music
