http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16058 organic soils
organic soils
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 4.
Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich) is abundant and well recognized in the Ngaoundere area of northeast Adamawa Province, Cameroon, where swidden systems are practiced. Maize yield and soil chemical properties were analyzed from a two-factor block trial. The purpose was to determine the effects of E. abyssinica leaves used as green manure. The two factors were the amount of plant leaves applied and the application technique. Other than the two factors, the trial used current local farming methods. Maize yield showed significant increase when 2.50 kg cuttings were mixed with the soil, attributable to faster leaf decomposition and nutrient availability in the maize root zone. There was no significant increase in total nitrogen, available phosphorus, calcium or sodium in the 0-20 cm layer of soil. Mixing resulted in significant increases in soil organic matter, potassium and other soil fertility indicators. Higher quantities of the plant biomass significantly increased soil organic matter, base saturation and soil pH. The reduced acidity made soil nutrients more readily available. The interaction between application method and cutting methods showed significant increases for sum of bases, cation exchange capacity and base saturation, while magnesium showed a significant decrease. Using this abundant plant, farmers in the Adamawa Lowlands area can significantly increase maize yields for home consumption or sale beginning with the first year of application.
Nutrient content and fertilizer value of livestock manure with special reference to cow manure
Remediation through mulching with organic matter of soil polluted by a copper-nickel smelter
Utilization of date pits as a potential source of biogas and organic fertilizer
Keys to soil taxonomy
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Soil carbon cycling and microbial dynamics in boreal organic soil cultivated with a perennial crop
Effects of domestic sewage sludge, conifer bark ash and wood fibre waste on soil characteristics and the growth of Salix Aquatica
Handling of digestate on farm level : economic calculations = Hantering av rötrest på gårdsnivå - ekonomiska beräkningar
Soil properties affecting weed distribution in spring cereal and vegetable fields
Design when social enterprises arise : design for sustainable development in Guatemala through social enterprises
Trace elements solubilization in waste-amended saline-sodic conditions
Greenhouse gas dynamics of farmed or forested organic soils in Finland
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 2.
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Factors controlling nitrous oxide emissions from drained peat soils : effects of wood ash fertilization
Modelled impacts of mitigation measures on greenhouse gas emissions from Finnish agriculture up to 2020.
Sulphur in cultivated organic soils
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 1.
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 3.
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
A lysimeter study nutrient release, leaching losses and growth response of amaranthus resulting from application of inorganic and organic nitrogen sources
Handbook of soil conditioners : substances that enhance the physical properties of soil
Area-wide integrated recycling of pig effluent in Thailand : effluent treatment and handling
Nitrogen transformations and nitrate control in cultivated organic soils : a review
Keys to soil taxonomy for Finland
Copper in cultivated soils of Finland
Compost, vermicompost, and compost tea : feeding the soil on the organic farm
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 1
Maize yield and soil property responses to Entada abyssinica (Steud. ex A. Rich.) cuttings in the Adamawa Lowlands, Cameroon
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Responsible Peatland Management and Growing Media Production : Québec City, Canada, June 13-17, 2011
Elements of the nature and properties of soils
The fate and effects of lead (Pb) at active and abandoned shooting ranges in a boreal forest ecosystem
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 2
Wastewater treatment and use in agriculture
Manure management : treatment strategies for sustainable agriculture
Growing media : for ornamental plants and turf
Environmental friendly fertiliser for rice
Water repellency of clay, sand and organic soils in Finland
Carbon storage response to harvesting and site preparation in a forested mire in northern Michigan, U.S.A
Carbon and nitrogen dynamics in agroforestry systems : temporal patterns of some important soil processes
