http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16092 organ (keyboard instruments)
organ (keyboard instruments)
Coldplay : for organs, pianos & electric keyboards
Elgar and the three cathedral organists : and other essays
Wedding music : home organist library volume 1
History of the organ. Volume 2 : From Sweelinck to Bach
The art of fugue : Bach fugues for keyboard, 1715-1750
The organs of J. S. Bach : a handbook
Making music on the organ
The organ and its music in German-Jewish culture
The Polish organ. Vol. 2, Organ-cases in Poland as works of art
On christmas night
Play the organ : a beginner's tutor
Mel Bay's fun with the organ
The Nordic-Baltic organ book : history and culture
The Genius of Cavaillé-Coll = La génie de Cavaillé-Coll = Das Genie des Cavaillé-Coll
School of organ playing : Orgelschule
Orgelwerke : Organ works. Band 8, Bearbeitungen fremder Werke = Arrangements of works by others composers
Tribute to Jackie Mittoo
Die Orgelbauerfamilie Silbermann : Bibliographie zu ihrem Leben und Werk = Silbermann - a family of organ builders : a bibliography of their life and work
The Golden encyclopedia of all organ music : a complete reference library of organ knowledge
The organist's wedding album. Volume two
Rejoice, the Lord is king! : great hymns from Westminster Abbey
School of organ playing = Orgelschule
The older beginner organ course. Level 1
An Album of songs sung by Frank Sinatra : Arranged for all organ
The Hammond organ : an introduction to the instrument and the players who made it famous
Leichte Orgelstücke des 19. Jahrhunderts. 1 = Easy organ pieces from the 19th century
THE BEST 30 YEARS 30 HITS
Play the organ. Volume 2
Glass box
Christmas by ProViola
Music, moment, message : interpretive, improvisational, and ideological aspects of Petr Eben's organ works
Sacred music ; Organ sonata no. 1 in G
Wedding classics for organ
The Organist entertains. Book 2
The Oxford book of wedding music : thirty pieces for organ
Maestro Francisco Correa de Arauxo's (1584-1654) Facultad orgánica as a Source of Performance Practice
Jimmy Smith
Pipe organ registration
Improvisation : textbook to be used in connection with an organist education. 2, 125 examples and exercises
The evolution of organ music in the 17th century : a study of European styles
Amazin grace : American tunes and spirituals
The church year
[Bach organ music scores]
Enharmonic intervals : for Paschen Organ
History of the organ
Room at the top
The Complete Works. Volume 9, Instrumental Music and Songs
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear. Book 8
West End show tunes : Do you hear the people sing?
Psalms and motets for reflection
On dynamic behaviour of wind systems for pipe organs
Ultimate fun collection : organ pieces to raise the roof
Folk songs for chord organ
The complete Goldberg variations, 1955 & 1981
49 organ works : pedagogical edition with fingerings and interpretation suggestions
Acht kleine Präludien und Fugen = Eight little preludes and fugues : BWV 553-560
The 17th century was the century of the organ in much the same way the 19th century was the century of the piano. Almost without exception, the major composers of the century wrote for the instrument, and most of them were practicing organists themselves. This historical book surveys, analyzes, and discusses the major national styles of 17th century European organ music. Due to extraordinarily extensive body of literature produced this 100-year period, this text includes 350 musical examples to illustrate the various styles. The book also includes brief discussions of the various national styles of organ building, and appendix about the various notational methods used in the 16th century, and a chapter on Spain and Portugal written by Andre Lash, an expert on the subject.
'To fill, forbear, or adorne' : the organ accompaniment of Restoration sacred music
The essential organist [Nuottijulkaisu] : sixty pieces for weddings, funerals & everyday use
The organ works of Bach. Book 6, toccata, preludes, and fugues
Choral edition. Volume 1
The organ : its evolution, principles of construction and use
My spirit hath rejoiced
The Short-tempered clavier and other dysfunctional works for keyboard
The organist's wedding album
World's favorite organ music for all occasions : for all organs
A guide to organ music
Classical Organ Music : from the death of J.S. Bach to the advent of Mendelssohn. Vol. 1
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear : popular all-organ series two. Book 7
Complete organ player [The complete organ player]. 1
The european organ 1450-1850
Organ music for all occasions : for all organs
The ultimate gospel organ master class
Tarptautinis M. K. Čiurlionio pianistu ir vargonininku konkursas = International M. K. Čiurlionis Piano and Organ Competition : 1995, Vilnius, Lietuva
Organ fireworks. 2.
Music for a royal wedding
History of the organ. Volume 1 : Latin origins
Classical Themes. Volume 13
Choral and organ music
The organist's funeral album
Proverbs and songs
THE OXFORD ORGAN METHOD
Bridge over troubled water : all organ
My heart's in the Highlands : für Countertenor (oder Alt) und Orgel
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear : popular all-organ series. Book 3
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear. Book 6
The organ music of J. S. Bach
Organ restoration reconsidered : proceedings of a colloquium
Sämtliche freie Orgel- und Clavierwerke = Complete freely composed organ and keyboard works
History of the organ. Volume 1, Latin origins
Organ and harpsichord music by women composers : an annotated catalog
Enharmonic intervals (for Paschen organ)
The complete organ player
Henry Purcell
Dem Himmel nahe : faszinierende Blicke auf Orgeln und Gewölbe = Looking up : at organs and ceilings = Tuyaux sonores : près du ciel
Flutes, whistles, and reeds
Collected articles and reviews. Vol. 3, Early European keyboard music
The film music of Mischa Spoliansky
A star over Bethlehem : choral jewels for Christmas
Finnish organ music collection. Vol. 2.
The Great Service in the Chapel Royal
Brahms complete organ works
Organ improvisation - activity, action and rhetorical practice
Katedralmusik. Volume 2 : = Cathedral music
Crucifixus pro nobis and other choral works
Rembrandt : music of his time
Elizabeth Stirling and the musical life of female organists in nineteenth-century England
Improvisation : textbook to be used in connection with an organist education. 1, 200 examples and exercises
Symphony no. 5 in D major
Baroque and Romantic vocal music
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear. Book 7
Jesu bleibet meine Freude = Jesu, Joy of man's desiring : Choral aus Kantate no 147 "Herz und Mund und That und Leben"
Mendelssohn, the organ, and the music of the past : constructing historical legacies
The world's smallest big band
Outhipped
The Cambridge companion to the organ
The definitive chord book for jazz & popular organ
XL : Choral works for 40 voices
Trio sonatas, BWV 528, 529 and 530
The Complete Organ Player : Pop songbook
Cours d'improvisation pour les organistes : Harmonie pratique, Contrepoint ornemental, Choral = Improvisation course for organists = Practical harmony, ornamental counterpoint, chorale
Choral music of
The making of musical instruments
Anthems
Dictionary of pipe organ stops
Requiem, Take him, earth, for cherishing and other choral works
The organist's wedding album. [Volume one]
All-time Christmas favorites
From eclecticism to stylistic pluralism : organ building in Finland today
Top Pops : for Organs, Pianos & Electronic Keyboards. 3.
Famous organ concertos
Fifty favourite songs everybody loves to hear. Book 2
Improvisation : textbook to be used in connection with an organist education. 3, 84 examples and exercises
Handel at Vauxhall vol. 1
Organ technique : modern and early
History of the organ. Volume 3, The golden age
Artifacts in use : the paradox of restoration and the conservation of organs
The story of organ music
Organ building and design
Méthode d'orgue = Method for the organ = Orgelschule
Carols from King's
Chariots of fire : plus 55 easy listening
French organ music from the revolution to Franck and Widor
Organ stops and their use
French organ music and improvisations at the Cavaillé-Coll organ, the Orléans Cathedral, France
Love Songs : for Organs, Pianos & Electronic Keyboards. 29.
Choral music
My favorite classics : organ : intermediate organ pieces
The European organ 1450-1850
Stokowski and the organ
Bach und die Orgel = Bach and the organ
A Guide to duo and trio playing : studies in historical fingering and pedalling for the organ : fingering, pedalling and commentary
Requiem and other sacred music
Fairest work of happy nature : Songs and keyboard music of John Blow
Derek Moon plays for you (Vol 2)
Trio sonatas, BWV 525, 526 and 527
Metodo per organo : in 4 parti = method for the organ : in four parts. Part 4 book 1, Arte della registrazione = Art of re gistration
Two holy songs : for mixed chorus (S.A.T.B) and organ or piano
History of the organ. Volume 3, The golden age : featuring music by Louis Marchand, Jean-François Dandrieu, Johann Sebastian Bach
World of folk  songs : for all organ
Motets, anthems, fantasias & voluntaries
Music from the reign of King James I
Katedralmusik. Volume 3 : = Cathedral music
Music for Westminster Abbey
The British organ
Seven pieces : for organ
The Brooklyn style : the ultimate gospel organ master class
History of the organ. volume 2, From Sweelinck to Bach
Life story
St John's magnificat : choral works by
British organ music of the twentieth century : British organ music of the twentieth century
