http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16019 cider (alcoholic beverages)
cider (alcoholic beverages)
"All around the world, the public's taste for fermented cider has been growing more rapidly than at any time in the past 150 years. At its best, cider is a pure, healthy beverage that reflects both the skill of the cider maker and the quality of the fruit that's used to make it. And with the growing interest in locally grown and artisan foods, many new cideries are springing up all over North America--often started up by passionate amateurs who want to take their craft cider to the next level as small-scale craft producers. To make the very best cider--whether for yourself, your family and friends, or for market--you first need a deep understanding of the processes involved, and the art and science behind them. Fortunately, The New Cider Maker's Handbook is here to help. Author Claude Jolicoeur is a well-known and award-winning amateur cider maker with an inquiring, scientific mind. His book combines the best of traditional knowledge and techniques with the best modern practices to provide today's enthusiasts all they need to produce high-quality ciders. From deep, comprehensive information on all aspects of fermentation to advice on the best apples to grow or source for cider to instructions on how to build your own grater mill or cider press, the author's experience and enthusiasm shine through. Novices will appreciate the overview of the cider-making process that's presented in Part I. But as they develop their skills and confidence, the more in-depth and technical parts of the book will serve as an invaluable reference that will be consulted again and again"--
Cider: making, using & enjoying sweet & hard cider
Microbiological spoilage and safety risks in non-beer beverages
Label : introducing wines and spirits and associated beverages
Stallhagen Cider, what would it look like? : packaging design concepts for a premium cider
The complete guide to cocktails and drinks : how to create fantastic drinks using spirits, ligueurs, wine, beer and mixers
Making the best apple cider
The new cider maker's handbook : a comprehensive guide for craft producers
The small cellar
Cider : making, using & enjoying sweet & hard cider
The forgotten arts and crafts
Traditional beer and cider making
Fermented beverage production
Wine, food, and tourism marketing
Farmhouse wines & ciders : traditional recipes
