http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16028 kinematics
kinematics
Design of instrument for knee joint kinematics measurement
Newtonian physics
Ice hockey : specific flexibility
Kinematic design of machines and mechanisms
Chemical kinetics and reaction dynamics
Engineering mechanics : dynamics
Kinematics, dynamics and the design of machinery
Dynamics of multibody systems
Statics and mechanics of materials : an integrated approach
Transition metal- and lipase-catalyzed reactions : dynamic resolutions, hydrogen transfer and enzyme engineering
Let's talk business! : a task-based material package of public speaking and small talk in the BELF context
Concepts of modern catalysis and kinetics
Machines in motion
Geometric transformations
Advanced mechanism design : analysis and synthesis. Vol. 2
Physics for engineers and scientists
Implementing SAP Courses into the International Business Degree Programme
Statics and kinematics with applications to robotics
Physics : principles with applications
Effects of medially posted insoles on running kinematic, kinetics and economy after a 4-week intervention
Perceived exertion
Catalythic synthesis and decomposition of peroxypropionic acid - green catalytic synthesis of green compounds
Kinetics and muscular function in ski jumping
Engineering Mechanics : Statics : Eleventh Edition in SI Units
Sears and Zemansky's university physics, tenth edition : student solutions manual. Vol. 1
Sport and exercise biomechanics
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Dynamics and vibration : an introduction
Kinematic and kinetic differences between shod and barefoot running
Engineering mechanics : dynamics : dynamics study pack
Switching and oscillatory dynamics of genetic networks
Self-calibration system for robots
Design of machinery : an introduction to the synthesis and analysis of mechanisms and machines
Mechanics for engineers : dynamics
Dynamics of human gait
Dissolution of mineral fibre in a formic acid solution: kinetics, modelling and gelation of the resulting sol
Physics
Computational kinematics : proceedings of the 6th International Workshop on Computational Kinematics (CK2013)
Physical chemistry : kinetics
On the Möbius transformation and conformal relativity
Homogeneous charge compression ignition (HCCI) engines : key research and development issues
Nonlinear continua
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
Kinematic differences between three wheelchair racers (T54) in sprint start
Gamification framework for marketing courses
Biomechanics and motor control of human movement
Analysis, design and control of a hydraulically driven parallel robot manipulator
Vibration for engineers
Mechanism design : analysis and synthesis. Volume 1
Stellar kinematics in disk galaxies
Principles of engineering mechanics
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Nonequilibrium dynamics in fiber networks, aggregation, and sand ripples
The improvement of full vehicle semi-active suspension through kinematical model
The biomechanics of sports techniques
On displacement-velocity coupling and the origin of in-plane stress in orthotropic moving continua
Advances in robot kinematics : motion in man and machine
Mechanics of soft materials
On advances in robot kinematics
Statistical mechanics, kinetic theory, and stochastic processes
Inside motion : an ideokinetic basis for movement education
Biomechanics of human movement
Fundamentals of biomechanics
Principles of biomechanics & motion analysis
Kinematics and dynamics of machinery
"Fundamentals of Biomechanics introduces the exciting world of how human movement is created and how it can be enhanced. The book presents a comprehensive review of the major concepts of biomechanics and summarizes them in nine principles of biomechanics. It concludes by applying these principles to the work of kinesiology professionals. Specific case studies are presented in physical education, coaching, strength and conditioning, and sports medicine. This text presents a clear, conceptual understanding of biomechanics and is designed to help students link their personal experience to biomechanical concepts." "Biomechanics instructors, researchers, and other professionals helping people to improve movement and decrease the risk of injury, as well as advanced students learning biomechanical principles in biomedical engineering, ergonomics, kinesiology, physics, and sports physiology will find Fundamentals of Biomechanics invaluable."--BOOK JACKET.
Three-dimensional kinematics of eye, head and limb movements
Thermal physics
A modern approach to classical mechanics
Engineering  Mechanics : Statics : Eleventh Edition in SI Units
Introduction to dynamics
Upper extremity joint kinematics and muscle activities in wheelchair tennis strokes
Behaviour of an arch element
Biopharmaceutics and clinical pharmacokinetics : an introduction
The Golem's eye
Studies on integrating kinematic design method with mechanical system simulation techniques
Fram strait studies (FRAMZY 2002 and ACSYS-ABSIS 2003) ice drifter data evaluation for sea ice kinematics and dynamics studies : technical report
Continuum mechanics for engineers
A force measuring horse shoe applied in kinetic and kinematic analysis of the trotting horse
1. Comparative evaluation of dummy responce with thor-lx/HIIIr and hybrid III lower extremities   2. Simulation and identification of the neck muscle activities during head and neck flexion whiplash / Deng, Yih-Charg   3. Pedestrial throw kinematics in forward projection collisions   4. Human occupant kinematics in low speed side impacts   5. Finite element analysis using muscles elements and experimental analysis with a new flexible neck model of whiplash injuries in rear-end collisions / Yoshida, Hiroaki   6. An analysis of recent accidents involving upper extremity fractures associated with airbag deployment   7. Optimization of bumper structure for pedestrial lower leg impact / Han, Ha Yong   8. Load distribution-specific viscoelastic characterization of the hybrid III chest   9. Responce of the 6-month-old CRABI in foreward facing and rear facing child restraints to a simulated real world impact   10. Investigation of ocular injuries from high velocity objects in an automobile collision   11. Relationships between impact pulse duration and occupant kinematics in low speed rear impacts / Szabo, Thomas J.   12. Neck biomechanical responses with active head restrains : rear barrier tests with bioRID and sled tests with hybrid III.
Impact biomechanics
Principles of biomechanics
Statistics in kinesiology
Principles of continuum mechanics : a study of conservation principles with applications
Thermodynamics, statistical thermodynamics, & kinetics
Gait lab : software manual
Vector mechanics for engineers : dynamics
Particle kinematics
A methodological approach to process development in the fine chemical industry
Compliant mechanisms
Kinematic and temporal analysis of overarm throwing in Finnish baseball players under different instructions
Char conversion kinetics and aerosol characterization in biomass gasification
Conducting polymers as model to study propagation of biological membrane potential with time
Engineering mechanics : principles of dynamics
Kinetics of homogeneous multistep reactions
Introduction to theoretical aerodynamics and hydrodynamics
Utilization of electromagnetic and acoustic irradiation in enhancing heterogeneous catalytic reactions
Guide to mechanics
Solving dynamics problems in Mathcad
Engineering mechanics. Dynamics
The Knee
Robot modeling and control
Research in chemical kinetics. Vol. 3
Kinematic analysis of mechanisms using computational algebraic geometry
Introduction to engineering mechanics : a continuum approach
Kinesiology
Physics for game developers
Chemical kinetics
Modern kinematics : developments in the last forty years
Kinematic MRI of the joints : functional anatomy, kinesiology and clinical applications
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
How to do business in Finland : researching and organizing a database of knowledge for a cultural training game
Chemistry in processes. Part 2 a, Kinetics : lectures
Problems in thermodynamics and statistical physics
