http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16000 clarinet
clarinet
The centennial collection
Take it away! : 12 top tunes for clarinet with CD
Clarinet for dummies
Studies for clarinet : book 2
Student's essential studies for clarinet : a sequential collection of 40 standard etudes for the advancing student
Selected Studies for Clarinet
King of swing
Abracadabra clarinet : the way to learn through songs and tunes
MUSIC THROUGH TIME : CLARINET BOOK 3
The complete clarinet player : popular song studies & duets. Book 1
Paul Harris's clarinet basics
Michael White with the Old Time Jazz Band
The ultimate Django's book : complete Django : edition speciale = special edition, CD included
Greatest
James Bond 007 collection : clarinet
First year popular solos for clarinet
Paul Harris's clarinet basics repertoire : [solos, studies and duets for individual and group learning]
Blues power live! : play with the band : clarinet
Clarinet : ten famous pop songs for solo or..
Creative clarinet : a fresh approach for beginners featuring jazz & improvisation
The essence of Artie Shaw : featuring 47 of his greatest recordings
The real Benny Goodman : the ultimate Benny Goodman collection
Easy solos for clarinet, trumpet or tenor sax
Monologue for clarinet solo
The clarinet and saxophone book
More than a day : Music of Ned Rorem
The king of swing
The complete clarinet player. Book 1
BREEZE-EASY METHOD FOR CLARINET. Book 2
George Lewis and His New Orleans Stompers
Selected Duets for Clarinet. Volume 2, Advanced
Shadows on a wall : a sound collage
Benny Goodman's Larinet Methhod
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
A fine line : arias & lieder
Rubank elementary method : Clarinet : a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Concerto for clarinet and string orchestra
James Bond : playalong for clarinet
Improve your sight-reading. Clarinet
Studies and melodious etudes for clarinet. Level 2, (intermediate)
Pop & rock hits. Clarinet : Instrumental solos. Level 2-3
Solos for clarinet : 35 repertoire pieces for clarinet with piano accompaniment
Mr. Acker Bilk and his Paramount Jazz Band
That's easy!. 2: The Beatles for clarinet
32 Etudes for clarinet
Klarinettenschule = School for clarinet = Méthode de clarinette : von den Anfangsgründen bis zur höchsten virtuosen Vollendung in 3 Bänden. 3. Band
Take up the clarinet. Book 1
Pieces for clarinet and piano : average and high steps = Pesy dlja klarineta i fortepiano
Romantic clarinet anthology. 1 : 25 pieces for Bb clarinet and piano = 25 pièces pour clarinette avec accompagnement de piano = 25 Stücke für Klarinette mit Klavierbegleitung
Super Hits : Clarinet
In the orchestra
Michael White with the Old Time Jazz Band featuring Reine Rimón & New Orleanians
Bubbemeises : lies my gramma told me
Tanulmánygyujtemény klarinétra = Collection of studies for clarinet
Woody Herman
90's hits : easy playalong for clarinet
Step by step : Grundlagen der Klarinettentechnik in 100 Etüden = basics of clarinet technique in 100 studies = bases de la technique de la clarinette en 100 études
The progressing clarinetist : etudes based on the works of Sigmund Hering
Small groups : 1941-1945
Play clarinet today!
A new tune a day for clarinet. Book 1
Upražnenija, gammy, etjudy. Tetrad 1 = Exercises, scales, etudes. Book 1
Take me to the land of jazz
Clarinet basics
Clarinet manual : how to buy, set up and maintain a Boehm system clarinet
Clarinet Warm-Ups : Materials for the contemporary clarinetist
More easy clarinet solos
We thought we could change the world : conversations with Gerard Rouy
HAPPY CHRISTMAS : BB CLARINET
FIFTY-SEVEN CLARINETS
"You do something to me..."
You are # 6 : more music for six musicians
The Boosey woodwind method : clarinet book 2
Play Clarinet Today!
How to play clarinet
The christmas album
The study of clarinet : (for soprano, alto or bass clarinet)
Elementarschule für Klarinette = Elementary school for clarinet
Life story
Take Up The Clarinet. Book Two
Favourite TV themes for clarinet : book 2
Rubank elementary method. Clarinet, a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Blues power live! : Clarinet : play with the band
A first book of music for the clarinet with downloadable MP3s
Concert band classics. Clarinet
Jazzin' about : fun pieces for clarinet/tenor sax & piano
80 graded studies for clarinet [Nuottijulkaisu] : book one (1-50)
A tune a day for clarinet
Mindennapos skálagyakorlatok = Tägliche Tonleiterübungen = Everyday scale exercises : klarinétra
New chart hits : playalong for clarinet
That's got 'em! : the life and music of Wilbur C. Sweatman
Live at Carnegie Hall
Take up the clarinet. Book 2
POPULAR SOLOS FOR THE CLARINET 2.
Timeless Historical presents The Charleston Chasers. Volume 1, 1925-1930
The music of George Gershwin for clarinet
With Louis and the Duke : The autobiography of a jazz clarinetist
"Swinging with Pentti Lasanen" : live
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Clarinet : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
Practical tutor for the clarinet : with fingering charts for Boehm and simple systems
All that jazz [Nuottijulkaisu] : for clarinet with piano accompaniment
17 classic hits : playalong for clarinet
Easy jazz studies for clarinet : listen, learn & play
Easy swing pop. Book 3 : Clarinet/soprano saxophone/tenor saxophone. Grade 1-2
The golden hits of Benny Goodman
The Kell method for clarinet : a comprehensive course in three volumes. Book 3, Clarinet staccato from the beginning
Eighties hits : playalong for clarinet
The very best of Benny Goodman
FUN MUSIC FOR CLARINET
Play Clarinet
Complete method for the clarinet in three parts : Part I
80 graded studies for clarinet 2 : book two (51-80).. 2
Christmas memories : C instrument, Bb instrument, Eb instrument, F instrument : Sing or play-along to your favorite Christmas songs
The complete clarinet player. Book 2
INTRODUCTION TO THE CLARINET /DRAPER
The clarinet and clarinet playing. David Pino
[An elementary band method : for class instruction of mixed instruments or full band
Clarinet : Huge hits
Paul Harris's clarinet basics : teacher's book with clarinet and piano accompaniments
Tales of joy, passion, and love
Learn as you play clarinet
Benny : King of Swing : A pictorial biography based on Benny Goodman's personal archives
Saxophone & clarinet : an easy guide
Swinging Christmas
Easy Clarinet Solos or Duets = Solos ou Duos Faciles pour Clarinette = Leichte Solostucke oder Duette fur Klarinette
Begin the beguine
Flutes, reeds and trumpets: 2nd pr
Studies and melodious etudes for clarinet. Level 3, (advanced intermediate)
From the clarinet d'amour to the contra bass : a history of large size clarinets, 1740-1860
Disney for clarinet
The Benny Goodman Story
Emma Johnson plays Weber
100+ solos for clarinet
Blowin' up a storm! : the Columbia years 1945-47
Tales of joy, passion and love
'Tis autumn : Jazz standards with strings : Clarinet, trumpet, tenor sax or alto sax
The Usborne book of easy clarinet tunes
Studies and melodious etudes for clarinet. Level 1, (elementary)
Woody Herman memorial : the 40th Anniversary Carnegie Hall Concert
Clarinet warm-ups : Materials for the contemporay clarinetist
Clarinet fingering chart : for Eb, Bb, Eb alto, and Bb bass clarinets with instrument care, notation, and a photo/diagram
FIRST BOOK OF CLARINET SOLOS
Shadows on a wall
A tune a day for clarinet : popular repertoire
Let's play clarinet : Book one
Folk music for shepherd's flute : hungarian and romanian tunes arranged for recorder, flute, clarinet, oboe, tarogato or saxophone
Getting the most out of Mozart : the instrumental works
12 jazz, blues & funk etudes : Medium-easy : Bb tenor saxophone (Bb clarinet and sop. sax)
Fun favorites for clarinet
Self portrait
Pieces arranged for clarinet and piano : Pesy pereloženie dlja klarneta i fortepiano
Best of big bands
This is Artie Shaw. Vol. 2
The bass clarinet : a personal history
A life in the golden age of jazz : a biography of Buddy DeFranco
Happy christmas : Bb clarinet
More graded studies for clarinet : clarinet study repertoire with supporting simultaneous learning elements. Book two
20th anniversary
