http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16077 production capacity
production capacity
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Quality attribute variability in software product lines : varying performance and security purposefully
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit : A case studies to BET-KER Oy, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
Operating hours and working times : a survey of capacity utilisation and employment in the European Union
Product development and design for manufacturing
Production aspects of Russian transition
Managing lean transformation process at Componenta Pistons
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Epics and epochs : organisational learning and the Kaskinen pulp mill
An analysis of an industry's competitiveness : the case of the Estonian agricultural sector
Manufacturing change : interdisciplinary research on new models of operation in Finnish industry
Popular manufacturing myths : eliminating widely held beliefs that reduce competitiveness
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
The absorptive capacities of Estonian firms : can a technology-based industrial strategy succeed?
Resilient livelihoods : disaster reduction for food and nutrition security
Operations management : concepts, methods and strategies
Science and technology in the new global environment : implications for developing countries
Cost competitiveness of Chinese and Finnish paper and paper product manufacturing
Smart power generation
The competitive priorities affecting energy production investments : wind power in Finland as a special issue
Competitive advantage : creating and sustaining superior performance
Bioenergy from sustainable forestry : guiding principles and practice
The theory of industrial organization
Sustainable bioenergy production - an integrated approach
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Adjusting to perestroika : the case of Svetogorsk mills
Principles of service marketing and management
Competitive reliability 1996-2000 : final report
The myth of Japanese efficiency : the world car industry in a globalizing age
Of men and machines : essays in applied labour and production economics
Comparison of electricity generation costs
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Operations management for competitive advantage
Energy and climate roadmap 2050 : report of the Parliamentary Committee on Energy and Climate Issues on 16 October 2014.
Resilient and proactive utilization of opportunities and uncertainties in service business
Written in a simple and user-friendly style, this book covers all the basics of supply chain management and production and inventory control. Featuring case studies and Power Point slides that are now available for all chapters, this book has been updated throughout to reflect new techniques and technology.
New approaches to science and technology cooperation and capacity building
Quick response manufacturing : a companywide approach to reducing lead times
Foundations of economics
Operations management for MBAs
Lean distribution : applying lean manufacturing to distribution, logistics and supply chain
Competitiveness of the European Union publishing industries : [final report]
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Operations management : strategy and analysis
Flexible manufacturing systems in practice
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
Competitive reliability 1996 - 2000 : evaluation report
Technological capacity-building and technology partnership: field findings, country experiences and programmes : papers prepared for the Workshop on Selected Cooperation Aspects for Technological Capacity-building in Developing Countries, held in Geneva, on 10 and 11 April 1995
Capacity development in practice
Finland in a digital era : how do wealthy nations stay wealthy?
This book covers all the essentials of modern supply chain management, manufacturing planning and control systems, purchasing, and physical distribution. Clearly written and exceptionally user-friendly, its content, examples, questions, and problems lead students step-by-step to mastery.
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Medium-term prospects for agricultural commodities : projections to the year 2010.
Abstract: Comparison of wind energy production and energy consumption.
Competitiveness comparison of the electricity production alternatives : (price level March 2003)
World investment report. 2002, Transnational corporations and export competitiveness : overview
Managing cross-functional interdependencies : the contingent value of integration
The market and society : an introduction to economics
Matching supply with demand : an introduction to operations management
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit: A case studies to BETKER OY, Ylivieska- 84100, Finland
Fostering technological dynamism : evolution of thought on technological development processes and competitiveness : a review of the literature
Automating a Production Cell : Case: Sisu Axles
Global food futures : feeding the world in 2050
Plant design and economics for chemical engineers
Drive for future software leverage : the role, importance, and future challenges of software competences in Finland
Monitoring and analyzing the utilization rate of NC-controlled machinery
New technologies and technological capability-building at the enterprise level : some policy implications
Food engineering, quality and competitiveness in small food industry systems : with emphasis on Latin America and the Caribbean
Competitiveness in the food industry : edited by W. Bruce Traill and Eamonn Pitts
UPM in Russia : Chudovo plywood mill increases production capacity
Car guys vs. bean counters : the battle for the soul of American business
Operations and supply chain management
Strategic alliances, joint investments, and market structure
The new competitive advantage : the renewal of American industry
Tax incentives and economic growth
Power supply challenges : solutions for integrating renewables
Introduction to peak oil
The art of application performance testing
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Cost competitiveness of Chinese and Finnish fabricated metal industries
Operations and supply chain management : the core
LOGI : managing make-to-order supply chains
Progressive kaizen : the key to gaining a global competitive advantage
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Human productivity enhancement. 1, Training and human factors in systems design
Competitive advantage : creating and sustaining superior performance, with a new introduction
ABCs of Activity Based Management
Emerging forms of technological cooperation : the case for technology partnership : inner logic, examples and enabling environment
Introduction to materials management
The manuFuture road : towards competitive and sustainable high-adding-value manufacturing
Exchanging experiences of technology partnership : papers prepared for the Meeting of Experts on Technology Partnership for Capacity-building and Competitiveness, and recommendations (Helsinki, Finland, 10-12 April 1996)
5S Kaizen glossary -- 1. Introduction -- 2. The Japanese approach -- 3. Selling the vision -- 4. Sort -- 5. Straighten -- 6. Shine -- 7. Standardise - 8. Sustain -- 9. Looking beyond to day-to-day.
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
Impact of Enhanced Content Creation in Digital PR
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
