http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16066 creditor
creditor
Bad samaritans : First World ethics and Third World debt
Buffer strips can pre-empt extinction debt in boreal streamside habitats
Creditor protection related to the Russian and Finnish limited liability companies - a comparative study
Debt covenants violation and earnings management
Public debt : the Brazilian experience
The merchant of Venice
Sovereign borrowers : guidelines on legal negotiations with commercial lenders
Debt and operational performance of companies in an economic crisis : evidence from Estonia
Three essays on hedge fund performance
The real crash : America's coming bankruptcy : how to save yourself and your country
Euro zone sovereign debt crisis : empirical study on the dynamics of credit default swaps and bond prices
The Aftermath of the Russian debt crisis
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Renegotiation approach to restructuring of developing country debt
General government deficit and gross debt according to EMU criteria
Debt relief for low-income countries : arbitration as the alternative to present, unsuccesful debt strategies
Corporate treasury and cash management
The bonds of debt : borrowing against the common good
Failure and forgiveness : rebalancing the bankruptcy system
Tort liability of the director to company's creditors
Russia's treasury bill market has taken off in recent years.The volume of outstanding stock has grown manyfold, so that the volume of trading on the secondary market is now enough to ensure liquidity.The yields of treasury bills, which once fluctuated wildly in response to trends in inflation and political uncertainty, have now settled to low enough levels where they may actually help stabilize Russian financial markets.If this, happens, we may soon expect to see increasing investments in production capacity. The T-bill market is mainly regulated by the Central Bank of Russia, which uses treasury bills as an instrument of monetary policy.Meanwhile, the government of the Federation of Russia has increasingly sought to use the T-bill market as a source of revenue.As the Central Bank of Russia will no longer extend direct credit to the government, inflation has naturally fallen.However, if there are to be further cuts in the yields of treasury bills, the government would probably have to curtail its borrowing.For this to happen the government must cut expenditures even further or improve its tax collection systems. .
Corporate governance
Evaluating the efficiency of accounting recording for doubtful and bad debts : case study: Unity Co-operative Sociey (UNICS) Cameroon
Predicts a worse crash if key economic changes cannot be made, arguing that American consumer habits are at the heart of today's problems and recommends that the nation declare bankruptcy and rebuild broken systems from scratch.
Debt recovery in Europe
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
General government debt by qua[r]ter
Guide to insolvency in Europe
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
The debt squads : the US, the banks and Latin America
Debt, stabilization and development : essays in memory of Carlos Díaz-Alejandro
The new depression : the breakdown of the paper money economy
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Access to Finnish law
Principles of international insolvency
Combining the incompatibles / fixed exchange rate,  liberalisation and financial development in Estonia
Public debt management : theory and history
Mobilizing bank lending to debtor countries
Pace of debt growth disquieting
Contrary to most experience, Estonia (as well as Latvia and Lithuania) has been able to combine, for a number of years, fixed exchange rates, financial liberalisation (prior to proper supervision) and large current account deficits without inviting speculation using large capital flows as vehicles.The standard argument is that this must be due to exceptionally sound fundamentals and great policy credibility.Without challenging this argument either generally or for the case of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, this paper offers a supplementary perspective.These countries did not aim at developing a full-scale national economy with a full set of financial and other markets, as they had the possibility of joining an institutionally, culturally and geographically close set of North-Western European markets.Such a strategy goes further than having the goal of "rejoining Europe" as the external policy anchor.Having well-developed domestic markets can in some cases be substituted by accessing near-by markets, thus leaving little leeway to potentially unstable capital flows.This option, however, is not open to all, and it also has its downside. Key words: capital flows, exchange rate systems, institutional development, financial liberalisation, Baltic countries .
The complementary effect of creditor rights protection and financial development on the level of the informal economy
Summary: In close consultation: Advising the consumer on domestic financing and debt restructuring.
In August 1998 the Russian Federation was forced to devalue the rouble and declare a moratorium on its debt servicing.Russia was badly hit by unfavourable external conditions, but the main reason for the crisis was the inability of the fiscal authorities to bring the budget deficit under control.When the rouble was devalued, the Russian Federation was unable to meet its domestic or external obligations.The holders of Russia's domestic debt were forced to accept unfavourable restructuring terms, and now also some holders of the old Soviet debt instruments have accepted a significant reduction in the value of their holdings.However, Russia has been willing and able to honour the debts incurred after the Soviet period.Russia's relations with its creditors and international financial institutions have been quite strained in the aftermath of the crisis, and it remains to be seen whether the recent restructuring deal with London Club creditors will mean Russia's re-entry into the international financial markets. .
Does the choice between bank loans and bonds affect firm performance? : evidence from the Russian Federation
The uncertainty of debt service payments and economic growth of HIPCs : is there a case for debt relief?
Bankruptcy : materials and cases
Abstract: Debt counselling and the problems in debt counselling work.
A brief assessment of Russia's treasury bill market
As we forgive our debtors : bankruptcy and consumer credit in America
The law of creditor and debtor relations : cases - text - procedure - forms
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
Resolving the European debt crisis
Debt issues in Africa : thinking beyond the HIPC initiative to solving structural problems
On reducing sovereign international debt
The European debt crisis in historical perspectives
Resolving the global debt crisis
Abstract.
Credibility versus shock-adjustment in structuring public debt
Bond pricing and portfolio analysis : protecting investors in the long run
The political economy of international debt
Fiscal multipliers revisited
Legal problems of credit and security
Debt relief under the HIPC initiative : context and outlook for debt sustainability and resource flows
Agency cost of debt and lending market competition : is there a relationship?
Does debt relief lead to economic growth?
Financial slack and bidding firms ́ takeover announcement stock returns : an event study
The prolonged recession in the Finnish economy has been directly reflected in the public finances, which have posted a deficit for 6 years already. In 2017, the public debt will rise to over 68% of GDP, which is more than double the level recorded in 2008. Given that the longer-term outlook for Finnish economic growth is poor due to the prolonged recession, a dwindling working-age population and industrial restructuring, the upward trend in public debt is disquieting..
During the past year, there has been intense debate over the correlation between fiscal consolidation and economic growth. This article argues that the observed growth forecast errors for euro area countries in 2010-2011 were not caused by underestimated fiscal multipliers. Instead, the errors were due to a general reassessment of euro area sovereign risk, which disproportionately impacted the more vulnerable euro area countries. These countries experienced a sharp increase in their sovereign borrowing costs, a tightening of credit conditions and ultimately a sharper-than-expected contraction of domestic demand..
"Bankrupts and Usurers of Imperial Russia explores the culture of money and credit in imperial Russia through the eyes of ordinary individuals. Moving beyond the stereotypes of wasteful nobles, backward merchants, and ruthless moneylenders, this study recreates the daily tangle of motivations, practices, and disputes that preceded and underpinned Russia's "great reforms" of the mid-nineteenth century. Sergei Antonov uses close readings of previously unexamined legal cases to argue that Russian courts, despite their many shortcomings, provided a reasonably efficient forum for defining, promoting, and protecting private property interests. At the same time, debt cases reveal beliefs and attitudes shared by members of various classes and legal estates into which Russia's population was officially divided, and indicate the existence of a single, although amorphous, propertied class previously assumed to be absent in pre-revolutionary Russia"--
Socio-economic and indebtedness-related impact of micro-credit in Bangladesh
Indebtedness : rates of indebtedness
The impact of the European debt crisis to the pricing of EU Sovereigns’ CDS, bond and basis spreads
The impact of credit rating announcements on bond and CDS markets in Europe
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
The making of Christian Moravia, (858-882) : Papal power and political reality
Estimating the opening-up shock : an optimal portfolio  approach to would-be integration of the C.I.S. financial  markets
The international debt problem - prospects and solutions
The international debt crisis of the Third World : causes and consequences for the world economy
Consumer debt in Europe : the Birmingham declaration
Europe Wide Web : public sphere in European online media
Contract and commercial law
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
Cases and materials on creditors' and debtors' protection
Legal capital rules as a measure for creditor and shareholder protection
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
"Separate Islands" : challenges of financial and debt counselors' work
The devil in the Marshalsea
Bankrupts and usurers of imperial Russia : debt, property, and the law in the age of Dostoevsky and Tolstoy
Debtors and creditors in America : insolvency, imprisonment for debt, and bankruptcy, 1607-1900
The paper presents a hierarchy of the rational investor's counterfactual portfolios that consist of treasury bills of the three largest CIS countries - Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan, in case some degree of at least negative integration is achieved there.The author performs an adjustment of the measure of relative attractiveness of various counterfactual two-country and three-country portfolios for the estimated opening-up shock (that consists in a dramatic re-allocation of funds, given the optimal portfolio composition).It has been found out that there is only one counterfactual optimal portfolio that is realistically feasible.This would comprise the government-issued papers from all the three countries considered and would imply the international rational investor's following a mildly risk-averse investment strategy.Importantly, an overhaul of exchange-rate and monetary policy is unnecessary, which fact augments the incentives for the countries involved, even despite their political resentment. In the Annex, the author undertakes an attempt to demonstrate that the recent collapse of the Russian treasury bills market can be explained in terms of the derivatives market analysis. Keywords: optimal investment portfolio; financial integration; economy in transition; government bonds market; derivative instruments; Russian treasury bills .
The public debt problem : a comprehensive guide
Cross country capital structure variation - creditor rights and liquidation values
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
Banking for people : social banking and new poverty, consumer debts and unemployment in Europe - national reports
The Chinese government debt : What do we know and what should be done?
Debt stocks, debt flows and the balance of payments
The debt boomerang : how the Third World debt harms us all
Debt reduction
General government deficit and debt
I give to you
A review of the economic press and literature reveals that there is little research and analysis on the important issue of the Chinese governmental debt and budget deficits. This is astonishing since the Chinese economy has by now climbed to the second position in global GDP ranking. Thus, China's government debt matters increasingly to the rest of the world as well, both in a corporate and a macroeconomic perspective.  Furthermore, not enough is known about the real size of the total Chinese government debt. Insufficient statistical transparency is an important reason for this shortcoming, but this should not serve as an excuse. Increasing efforts are needed to provide China and the rest of the world with better information on the real state of Chinese government debt.  In this paper, an attempt is made to explain and discuss the real situation when it comes to the Chinese government debt. The current Greek/Southern European debt misery clearly shows that opaque statistics cannot be hidden away forever without sooner or later puzzling and/or frightening the financial markets. On the other hand, China cannot be analyzed completely with Western eyes.  The sooner Chinese decision-makers decide on greater transparency in the government debt situation, and decisive steps towards more efficient fiscal policy are taken, the better the consequences for China itself and the global economy. The alternative - continuous opaqueness and a possible future fiscal explosion - could certainly do a lot of harm to China, but also to the global economy. There is no reason to underestimate this medium and long-term risk. The short-term perspective looks safer.  There should be room for a greater exchange of views and co-operation between EU and China, too. The EU's own bad experience from the past few years could be a realistic starting point.  JEL Classifications: D02, D82, H70, H74, O53, P35 .
