http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16056 victims
victims
Six graves to Munich
Male on male rape : The hidden toll of stigma and shame
Combating cult mind control
Pain of death
Knife music
Before the fall
Bite of the mango
Secret. 1
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Victims and restorative justice
The Paradise guest house : a novel
No humans involved
Island
Hunted
The sorrows of Mexico
For the sake of our future : sacrificing in eastern Indonesia
Deception
Murders of the Black Museum 1875-1975 : the dark secrets behind more than a hundred years of the most notorious crimes in England
The litigators
Violence : a new approach
The liar's lullaby
Victim-offender mediation with youth offenders in Europe : an overview and comparison of 15 countries
Animal sacrifice among the Buryat
Cries for peace : experiences of Japanese victims of World War II
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
Saving the city : ambiguities in ancient Greek crisis management
The nameless dead
Compensating crime victims : a European survey
Black-eyed Susans : a novel of suspence
Death and the maiden : a play in three acts
1962, Anchor Bend, Oregon. The sea calls to Eleanor. Like the turn of the waves it beckons her from the heart of the town she's always known, from her husband Hob and their young daughter, Agnes, to the unfathomable depths of the ocean. 1985 Agnes's daughter Eleanor is six years old. She shares her name with the grandmother she never knew and everything else with her identical twin, Esmerelda. But to Agnes, only Eleanor is a constant reminder of the past. 1993 After a dark event leaves her family in tatters, Eleanor, now fourteen, is left caring for her alcoholic mother, whose grief has torn her apart. But when Eleanor's reality begins to unravel, she starts to lose her grip on time itself, slipping from the present into strange other lands where she's in danger of losing herself altogether. Eleanor is the story of choices that ripple through time far beyond the moment they're made. And what happens when, just sometimes, bonds are so powerful they reach beyond this world and into another.
Katie.com : my story
The tears of dark water
Sharon Tate and the Manson murders
Suffer the children
The life I left behind
American wife : a memoir of love, service, faith, and renewal
Rape, incest, and child sexual abuse : consequences and recovery
Good practice in working with violence
The victims of crime 1992 : preliminary Finnish data from the 1992 international crime victimization survey
Sacrifice in Greek and Roman religions and early Judaism
Compensation practices of states of the European Union connected to crimes against women
Working with victims of crime : policies, politics and practice
Handbook on justice for victims : on the use and application of the Declaration of Basic Principles of Justice for Victims of Crime and Abuse of Power
Kitty Genovese : the murder, the bystanders, the crime that changed America
Torture and its consequences : current treatment approaches
Fear of crime and criminal victimization
The cuisine of sacrifice among the Greeks
Thirteen
Music psychotherapy with refugee survivors of torture : interpretations of three clinical case studies
Hater
The purification offering in the priestly literature : its meaning and function
Sacrifices, marché de la viande et pratiques alimentaires dans les cités du monde romain = Meat: Sacrifice, trade and food preparation in Roman empire
Challenges of organising victim-offender mediation in Finland
The interchangeable roles of victim and victimizer
Legal position of the victim of rape in the United States of America
The way I used to be
How do we understand violence? The majority of explanations available are often reductive because violence combines different aspects, from gratuitous violence to extreme cruelty. This work outlines a more complex view, which does not omit to describe any features of violence and presents a paradigm for understanding this phenomenon.
Agentive responsibility and possibilities of conjoined therapy for intimate relationship violence
You will not have my hate
Origins of sacrifice : a study in comparative religion
Submergence
Socioeconomic differences in crime and victimization : a register-based study
Concept of Jātavedas in Vedic literature
Finding me : a decade of darkness, a life reclaimed : a memoir of the Cleveland kidnappings
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
The first comprehensive biography of Sharon Tate: Hollywood star, wife of Roman Polanski, victim of Charles Manson, and symbol of the death of the 1960s.
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Aces high
Domestic violence and health care : what every professional needs to know
An unprecedented, definitive insider perspective on the twentieth anniversary of one of the most heinous, sensationalized, unsolved crimes in American history.
The waking
Bully-victims : prevalence, psychosocial adjustment, and responsiviness to intervention
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
The lost years
Beautiful : a beautiful girl, an evil man, one inspiring true story of courage
A wife and mother is killed in her home by her husband. A young, single woman is killed by a serial murderer, Great Britain's Yorkshire Ripper. Fourteen female students are shot to death at the University of Montreal by mass murderer Marc Lepine. All of these women are victims of femicide, the misogynist killing of women by men. While the issues of date rape and sexual harassment have finally entered into mainstream discourse, femicide, the most brutal form of sexist behaviour, has yet to be widely acknowledged and understood. In this wide-ranging study, more than 40 contributors document and describe the phenomenon of femicide as it occurs across continents and cultures, analyse the roles that our social values and institutions play in perpetuating it, and articulate the actions that can be taken to combat it. "Femicide : the Politics of Woman Killing" is at once a disturbing testimony to the many women who have been victims of femicide and an act of resistance.
A net of dawn and bones
They fight like soldiers, they die like children
An untamed state
The temple of Jesus : his sacrificial program within cultural history of sacrifice
Crisis intervention in criminal justice/social service
The politics of victimhood
Why does he do that? : inside the minds of angry and controlling men
The success of political terrorist events : an analysis of terrorist tactics and victim characteristics 1968 to 1977
Victims of international crimes : an interdisciplinary discourse
Damaged : the heartbreaking true story of a forgotten child
Underground : the Tokyo gas attack and the Japanese psyche
Madrid : the "military" atrocities of the rebels : a record of massacre, murder, mutilation
What matters most in life? How do you build a happy life when terrible things happen? What is left behind when you lose the person you love the most? One night last winter, Antoine Leiris was at home looking after his son while his wife, Helene, was at a concert with friends. Suddenly he started receiving text messages asking if he was ok. Turning on the TV, Antoine watched the terrorist attacks in Paris unfolding around him and tried to call Helene. She didn't answer. That night Helene was killed, along with 88 other people, at the Bataclan Theatre. Three days later, Antoine wrote an open letter to his wife's killers on Facebook. He refused to be cowed or to let his 17-month-old son's life be defined by their acts. 'For as long as he lives, this little boy will insult you with his happiness and freedom,' he wrote. Instantly, that short post caught fire and was shared thousands of times around the world. You Will Not Have My Hate is an extraordinary and heartbreaking memoir about how Antoine, and his baby son Melvil, endured after Helene's murder. With courage, moral acuity, and absolute emotional honesty, he finds a way to answer the question, how can I go on? This is the rare and unforgettable testimony of a survivor, and a universal message of hope and resilience. This book is a guiding star for us all in perilous times.
Femicide : the politics of woman killing
The Finnish national rapporteur on trafficking in human beings : report 2011.
We can be heroes
Another day in the death of America
Victims and victimisation : a reader
Victim-offender mediation in Europe : making restorative justice work : with the financial support of the Grotius programme of the European Union
A stolen life : a memoir
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
Fear of crime : interpreting victimization risk
The Isis hostage : one man's true story of 13 months in captivity
Asking for it
Secret. 3, Final
The Politics of Reparations and Apologies examines the evolution and dynamics of reparation politics and justice. The volume introduces the key concepts, theories, and terms associated with social movements and in particular, the redress and reparation movement (RRM). Drawing from RRMs that have their foundation in World War II--the German genocides, the United States internments, and the Japanese "comfort women" system-- the volume explores each case study's relative success or failure in achieving its goals and argues that there are overarching trends that can explain success and failure more generally in the RRM movement. Using the backdrop of international criminal law and normative concepts of reparations, the volume establishes and analyzes the roles of reparations and apologies in obtaining transitional justice. In each case study, there is a detailed rundown of the political actions that were attempted to obtain redress and reparation for the victims, of how successful the attempts were, and of the crucial factors which influenced the relative success or failure. Crucially, the volume offers a comparative framework of the actions that contribute to a successful outcome for transitional justice. With the increasing normative expectation of justice in post-conflict situations, this volume is a valuable resource for researchers in international affairs, human rights, political science, and conflict studies. -- Publisher's description.
Seeking a way out of the cage : underprivileged women and domestic violence in Bangladesh
Midwinter sacrifice
The lovely bones : a novel
A woman in Jerusalem : [a novel]
Witches! : the absolutely true tale of disaster in Salem
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
The extent of violence against women is currently hidden. How should violence be measured? How should research and new ways of thinking about violence improve its measurement? Could improved measurement change policy? The book is a guide to how the measurement of violence can be best achieved. It shows how to make femicide, rape, domestic violence, and FGM visible in official statistics. It offers practical guidance on definitions, indicators and coordination mechanisms. It reflects on theoretical debates on 'what is gender', 'what is violence', and 'the concept of coercive control', and introduces the concept of 'gender saturated context'. Analysing the socially constructed nature of statistics and the links between knowledge and power, it sets new standards and guidelines to influence the measurement of violence in the coming decades.
The tension among the survivors of the bus accident reaches its threshold as the one-week deadline finally arrives. The three killers may have confessed, but does this mean that all their sins are accounted for? What truly constitutes a crime? Or to what extent is an action criminal? And when the gavel falls on their sentences, perhaps all might not be as it seems.
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
Arctic studies. 1
The trauma myth : the truth about the sexual abuse of children - and its aftermath
The development of incense cult in Israel
From crime policy to victim policy : reorienting the justice system
The politics of reparations and apologies
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Distress after criminal victimization : quantitative and qualitative aspects in a two-year perspective
Constructing containment : a critical analysis of the framing of trafficking in human beings in European Parliament discourse
Vanished
Sacrifice and sacrament
The hallowed hunt : a novel
The courage to heal workbook : for women and men survivors of child sexual abuse
Japan's dark side to progress : the struggle for justice for pharmaceutical victims of Japan's post war economic boom
The symbolism of the Azazel goat
After the crime : victim decision making
Sacrifice : its nature and function
Ghastly Business
In God's house
Black-eyed Susans
Keeper of the bride
Cluster munition monitor 2011
In a tense and riveting narrative, The ISIS Hostage details freelance photographer Daniel Rye's thirteen-month ordeal at the hands of Islamic State after he was captured in Syria and the misery inflicted upon him, and nineteen other hostages, by the British guards, which included Jihadi John. This compelling account also follows Daniel's family and the nerve-wracking negotiations with his kidnappers. It traces their horrifying journey through impossible dilemmas and offers a rare glimpse into the secret world of the investigation launched to locate and free not only Daniel, but also the American freelance journalist and fellow hostage James Foley. Written with Daniel's full cooperation and based on interviews with former fellow prisoners, jihadists and key figures who worked behind the scenes to secure his release, The ISIS Hostage reveals for the first time the torment suffered by the captives and tells a moving and terrifying story of friendship, torture and survival.
Sacrifices and offerings in ancient Israel : studies in their social and political importance
Cold cold heart
Secret. 2
When dad hurts mom : helping your children heal the wounds of witnessing abuse
Saxon's bane
Sacrifice in Africa : a structuralist approach
The concept and measurement of violence against women and men
In The Tears of Dark Water, the internationally bestselling author of A Walk Across the Sun and The Garden of Burning Sand delivers an electrifying, moving novel of tragedy, vengeance and redemption set against the backdrop of a pressing contemporary political issue. When Somali pirates hijack an American sailing yacht in the Indian Ocean, a tense standoff orchestrated by top U.S. hostage negotiator Paul Derrick ends in tragedy: Skipper Daniel Parker is shot dead and his troubled son Quentin is critically wounded. The pirates are captured and extradited to stand trial in the USA. A young pirate named Ismail is identified by his cohorts as the shooter. Inquestioning him, Derrick begins to suspect there is more to his story than a zealot driven by simple, bloodthirsty anti-American extremism. But Ismail says little, fearing the truth will endanger the only person he has left in the world: His sister Yasmin.Yasmin is the youngest (and favorite) wife of a radical Islamist leader named Najiib. But Najiib also thinks she shares the rebellious spirit of her brother Ismail--who escaped soon after the siblings were kidnapped from their Mogadishu schoolhouse by Najiib's men. As his mistrust grows, Yasmin begins to plan her own escape. Derrick's sister Megan, a criminal defense lawyer, takes Ismail's case. Sharing her brother's sense that there is a mystery to unravel, she begins an investigation that traces Ismail's journey from Mogadishu to a Kenyan refugee camp to the large Somali immigrant community in Minneapolis. As the tension mounts, Ismail strikes a shocking deal with the U.S. Government that offers him a chance to save Yasmin's future.
Victims of crime in Estonia 1993-2000
Skin and bones
The hallowed hunt
The invitation-only zone : the true story of North Korea's abduction project
The power of ritual : transition, transformation and transcendence in ritual practice
The woods
We have your daughter : the unsolved murder of JonBenét Ramsey twenty years later
Sorry
Let the devil sleep
