http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16070 combined effects
combined effects joint effects
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
The tree we heard fall : analyzing the societal processes following focusing events
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Genotype-specific vs. cross-reactive host immunity against a macroparasite
Abstract.
Air pollution, global change and forests in the new millennium
Mechanism-based inhibition of CYP2C8 by gemfibrozil in humans : characterization of time and dose relationships
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers : suppliers’ perspective
Nursing pharmacology made incredibly easy
State of Finlands forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
The role of cytochrome P450 3A inducers and inhibitors in the metabolism and the effects of oxycodone
Perspectives on alcohol consumption in older adults
This thesis topic was chosen because of the gap of research conducted in the field of Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute. Intercultural Intelligence itself is not a new field of study though it has many other names such as Intercultural competence. The author, coming from Northern Europe, a very direct and open culture uses an Indonesian Life-Sciences Institute as a case company where management comes from both Western and Asian cultures and observes the implications of such combination. This papers purpose is to give an answer to what is intercultural intelligence in the start up of a life sciences institute. The research was interested of the role of intercultural intelligence in leading life-sciences start-ups and that also became the primary research question. It takes a look into what is leadership, inter- and intra-culture, what are life-sciences and how they differ from medical studies and what is start-up and how to combine the theory into practice. Methodology used in this paper was conveyed by interviews, research by journal articles and observation in the case The case company Indonesia International Institute for Life-Sciences was founded 12.09.2012 with close collaboration with Karolinska Institutet in Sweden. Indonesia is a developing country where the culture differs a lot from Sweden and the Scandinavian region and in order to form a strong relationship between the institutions many factors need to be taken into consideration. Indonesia Institute for Life-Sciences is founded by an Indonesian company called Kalbe Corporation The findings of this paper were that Intercultural Intelligence is a very important part to take into consideration when dealing with different cultures and some cultures are more sensitive than the others. In order to secure smooth collaboration home and host country members have to be aware of the possibility of conflicts in order to be ableto avoid them and make the most out of the collaboration. This paper serves people in the Life-Sciences field who are in touch with intercultural issues and work with newly founded projects. In depth research is needed since the scope and time restrictions of this research were present and further studies are required.
Effects of exogenous female sex steroids on selected cytochrome P450 enzyme activities
Clinical pharmacology made incredibly easy
Microbial pathogenesis : infection and immunity
Information services today : an introduction
Offspring of mothers with psychotic disorder : childhood development and adulthood psychiatric morbidity
Learning to participate:participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
Systems biological study of Drosophila immune signaling
Recognition and social behaviour in Formica ants
Bridging entrepreneurship education between Russia and Finland : Conference proceedings 2013
Cytochrome P450-mediated drug interactions affecting lidocaine
Streptococci are Gram-positive bacteria that cause a wide spectrum of diseases, such as pharyngitis, necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome, as well as rheumatic fever and rheumatic heart disease as sequelae. Antibiotics alone have not been able to control the disease and in spite of many efforts an effective vaccine is not yet available. A prerequisite for novel and successful strategies for combating these bacteria is a complete understanding of the highly complex pathogenic mechanisms involved, which are analyzed in this volume. In ten chapters, prominent authors cover various aspects including streptococcal diseases and global burden, epidemiology, adaptation and transmission, and molecular mechanisms of different diseases, as well as sequelae, vaccine development and clinical management. This book will serve as a valuable reference work for scientists, students, clinicians and public health workers and provide new approaches to meeting the challenge of streptococcal diseases.
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 2
Pharmacokinetics of montelukast and zafirlukast as affected by CYP inhibitors
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
An immigrant nurse is our colleague : how to develop the language and culture in multicultural nursing
Information Technology, Globalization and Social Development
Institutionalisation of the 'Third Mission' of the university : the case of Makerere University
Interactions of inhaled glucocorticoids : CYP3A4 inhibitors increase the risk of systemic adverse effects
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The influence of migration on Finnish cultural identity in the twentieth century : some preliminary considerations
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Viral entry into host cells
Studies on the effects of a CYP3A4 - inhibitor, itraconazole, on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of cardiovascular drugs
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
Going global : the challenges for knowledge-based economies
In vitro and in silico methods to predict cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibition
Learning in collaboration : academic's experiences in collaborative partnerships with practitioners and researchers
Interactions of tizanidine with CYP1A2 enzyme inhibitors : studies in vitro and in humans
Effects of inhibition and induction of CYP3A4 on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of buspirone
Pharmacokinetic interactions of clozapine in hospitalized patients
Suomen lääketutkimuksen tohtoriohjelman (FinPharma Doctoral Program, FPDP) 9. vuositapaaminen : The Future of Pharma, 19.-21.8.2015 = FinPharma Doctoral Program (FPDP) 9th Annual Meeting : The Future of Pharma, August 19.-21.2015
Tourism : change, impacts and opportunities
Studies on CYP3A mediated drug interactions in anaesthesiology
Effect of cytochrome P450 2D6 and 3A enzyme inhibition on the metabolism of oxycodone
Media, society, world : social theory and digital media practice
Nexus analysis : discourse and the emerging internet
Effects of gemfibrozil and rifampicin on the pharmacokinetics of HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors
This book is about building leadership capacity in indivudals and in institutions, through enhancing professional relationships. It is based on the importance of maximising potential, and harnessing the ongoing commitment and energy needed to meet personal and professional goals.
Public relations in a transition society 1989-2002 : using a stakeholder approach in organisational communications and relations analyses
Studies on drug interactions between CYP3A4 inhibitors and anaesthetic drugs
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Fire management : global assessment 2006 : a thematic study prepared in the framework of the Global forest resources assessment 2005.
A hybrid imagination : science and technology in cultural perspective
Communities in cyberspace
Immunotoxic responses induced by streptomyces californicus and stachybotrys chartarum : the role of microbial interactions
"The book starts with dissecting mechanisms underlying viral immune evasion via exploiting the host complement system by vaccinia virus, and by modulating the type 1 interferon response by RNA viruses. Yet another chapter looks into how viroporins expressed by different families of viruses causing influenza A virus, SARS, hepatitis C and HIV interact with several cellular pathways. Understanding of these mechanisms can aid the development of novel potential anti‑viral targets. The chapter on tuberculosis discusses the emerging importance of the innate immune mechanisms against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and latency. This book has a strong focus on fungal pathogenesis and immunity, starting with virulence and host factors that attain great importance in candidiasis and associated escape tricks of seriously opportunistic fungi. Two chapters on Aspergillus fumigatus elaborate on the pathogenic mechanisms: first discussing A. fumigatus‑airway epithelium interaction, followed by fungal and host factors that are paramount in the development of allergic and invasive aspergillosis. In the subsequent chapter, there is a general discussion on the innate and adaptive immune responses against primary and opportunistic fungal pathogens." -- (Springer)
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Drug use and polypharmacy in elderly persons
Coaching educational leadership : building leadership capacity through partnerships
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Medication reconciliation handbook
Sustainable flexibility : a prospective study on work, family and society in the information age
Drug epidemiology, interactions and pharmacogenetics : a post-mortem database study
Effect of erythromycin on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of hypnotics
How does the risk of drug interactions develop?
Cytochrome P-450 mediated drug interactions affecting lidocaine
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
Molecular mechanisms in Legionella pathogenesis
How we got to now : six innovations that made the modern world
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization:the case of mobile software development
Utilization and appropriateness of self-medication in Finland
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
Mosby's handbook of drug-herb and drug-supplement interactions
A social and environmental impact assessment of the Crucitas gold mining project in Costa Rica
Clinical pharmacology of oxybutynin, with special reference to pharmacokinetics and interactions
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Knowledge, space, economy
Pharmacokinetic interactions of pioglitazone
Living with storm damage to forests
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
This book presents a cultural perspective on scientific and technological development. As opposed to the "story-lines" of economic innovation and social construction that tend to dominate both the popular and scholarly literature on science, technology and society (or STS), the authors offer an alternative approach, devoting special attention to the role played by social and cultural movements in the making of science and technology.They show how social and cultural movements, from the Renaissance of the late 15th century to the environmental and global justice movements of our time, have provided contexts, or sites, for mixing scientific knowledge and technical skills from different fields and social domains into new combinations, thus fostering what the authors term a "hybrid imagination." Such a hybrid imagination is especially important today, as a way to counter the competitive and commercial "hubris" that is so much taken for granted in contemporary science and engineering discourses and practices with a sense of cooperation and social responsibility. The book portrays the history of science and technology as an underlying tension between hubris - literally the ambition to "play god" on the part of many a scientist and engineer and neglect the consequences - and a hybrid imagination, connecting scientific "facts" and technological "artifacts" with cultural understanding.The book concludes with chapters on the recent transformations in the modes of scientific and technological production since the Second World War and the contending approaches to "greening" science and technology in relation to the global quest for sustainable development. The book is based on a series of lectures that were given by Andrew Jamison at the Technical University of Denmark in 2010 and draws on the authors' many years of experience in teaching non-technical, or contextual knowledge, to science and engineering students. The book has been written as part of the Program of Research on Opportunities and Challenges in Engineering Education in Denmark (PROCEED) supported by the Danish Strategic Research Council from 2010 to 2013.
Pharmacokinetic interactions affecting the antidiabetic repaglinide
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Epidemiology of cytochrome P450-mediated drug-drug interactions
Between pathogenicity and commensalism
Cultural perspectives on higher education
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Stockley's drug interactions pocket companion 2009
Snoring and sleep apnea in children
Interactions of triazolam with inhibitors of CYP3A enzymes
Studies on CYP2C8-mediated drug interactions
Clozapine : clinical studies on adverse effects and interactions
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
The globalization reader
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Drug use among the home-dwelling elderly : trends, polypharmacy, and sedation
Digital-political fantasies in Istanbul : an analysis of the perceived role of ICT in changing local institutional politics, activism, and identity
The effect of systemically and locally administered clodronate on bone quality
Stakeholder interactions in cross-functional productization : the case of mobile software development
Disturbed brain noradrenergic balance and increased neurobehavioural sensitivity of [alpha]2A-adrenoceptor knockout mice
Effects of glyphosate and ultraviolet-B radiation on the early development of the common frog
Pharmacokinetics of the new calcium sensitizer levosimendan with special reference to pharmacodynamics and potential drug interactions
Pathogenesis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis and its interaction with the host organism
Mechanism-based inhibition of CYP2C8 by gemfibrozil in humans : characterisation of time and dose relationships
Stockley's Drug Interactions Pocket Companion 2012
Media, interaction and integration : cross-cultural dialogues in the Baltic sea area
Handbook of the economics of education. Volume 4
Socially influencing systems : persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Microbes colonize nearly every biotic and abiotic niche on our planet. This also includes our human body, which is densely populated with microbes, the majority of which interact with us in a commensal, sometimes even mutualistic, relationship. Only a minority of our microbiota are pathogenic organisms with the ability to cause infection.This book covers various aspects of the interplay between commensal and pathogenic bacteria with their hosts. The chapters summarize recent findings on the geno- and phenotypic traits of opportunistic bacterial pathogens, such as Escherichia coli, staphylococci or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, as well as the impact of commensal and probiotic bacteria on intestinal physiology and health. The differential interaction of pathogenic, commensal and probiotic bacteria with their host is reviewed from both the bacterial and the host?s perspective to round out this compilation of articles on the differences and similarities of pathogenic and commensal microorganisms.
Effects of induction and inhibition of cytochrome P-450 enzymes on the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of oral antidiabetic drugs
Inhibition of CYP1A2-mediated drug metabolism in vitro and in humans : with special emphasis on rofecoxib and other NSAIDs
"Mycobacterium tuberculosis is one of the most notorious pathogens on earth, causing the death of approximately 1.5 million people annually. A major problem in the fight against tuberculosis is the emergence of strains that have acquired resistance to all available antibiotics. One key to the success of M. tuberculosis as a pathogen is its ability to circumvent host immune responses at different levels. This is not only a result of the special makeup of M. tuberculosis in terms of genetic diversity and DNA metabolism and its possession of specialized secretion systems, but also of its ability to hijack innate immune defence mechanisms. In this volume, researchers from different disciplines provide a topical overview of the diverse mechanisms that contribute to the virulence of M. tuberculosis, ranging from their genetic, metabolic and molecular makeup, as well as the complex strategies these bacteria utilize to escape immune destruction within infected hosts." -- (Back Cover)
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
On the environmental genetics of depressive symptoms : focus on two serotonergic genes
Experimental and clinical studies on the interactions between antihypertensive drugs and anaesthetics
Socioeconomic and environmental impacts of biofuels : evidence from developing nations
The biology of plants
Tourism: Change, Impacts and Opportunities provides a comprehensive and balanced discussion of the impacts of tourism. The authors address the nature of tourism and tourists and the economic, physical and social impact that can result from their activity. New approaches to impact assessment are also considered. A wide range of examples from developed and developing countries illustrate the points raised in the text. This timely and perceptive book is essential reading for anyone involved in tourism planning or development and is also suitable for students of geography, planning, economics and sociology.
Central, cardiovascular and metabolic effects of dexmedetomidine associated with the selective peripheral alpha2-adrenoceptor antagonist MK-467 in dogs
HIV interactions with dendritic cells : infection and immunity
Impact of environment on international joint ventures in Central and Eastern Europe
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Leptospira and Leptospirosis
The 2nd edition of Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace and Conflict provides timely and useful information about antagonism and reconciliation in all contexts of public and personal life. Building on the highly-regarded 1st edition (1999), and publishing at a time of seemingly inexorably increasing conflict and violent behaviour the world over, the Encyclopedia is an essential reference for students and scholars working in the field of peace and conflict resolution studies, and for those seeking to explore alternatives to violence and share visions and strategies for social justice and social change. Covering topics as diverse as Arms Control, Peace Movements, Child Abuse, Folklore, Terrorism and Political Assassinations, the Encyclopedia comprehensively addresses an extensive information area in 225 multi-disciplinary, cross-referenced and authoritatively authored articles. In his Preface to the 1st edition, Editor-in-Chief Lester Kurtz wrote: "The problem of violence poses such a monumental challenge at the end of the 20th century that it is surprising we have addressed it so inadequately. We have not made much progress in learning how to cooperate with one another more effectively or how to conduct our conflicts more peacefully. Instead, we have increased the lethality of our combat through revolutions in weapons technology and military training. The Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, and Conflict is designed to help us to take stock of our knowledge concerning these crucial phenomena." Ten years on, the need for an authoritative and cross-disciplinary approach to the great issues of violence and peace seems greater than ever.
Host-Pathogen Interactions in Streptococcal Diseases
Cytochrome P450 isoform-specific in vitro methods to predict drug metabolism and interactions
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Paradigms lost : learning from environmental mistakes, mishaps, and misdeeds
A cooperative species : human reciprocity and its evolution
Social implications and challenges of e-business
This book analyses higher education from cultural perspectives and also to reflect on the uses of intellectual devices developed in the cultural studies of higher education over the last decades. The first part of the book presents fresh perspectives to integrate cultural studies in higher education with wider societal processes. Professor William G. Tierney speaks about trust and culture in higher education, whereas Professor Imanol Ordorika opens a political perspective to higher education institutions. The second part of the book studies the internal life of higher education. Relying on a variety of cultural perspectives, the chapters explore the actual day-to-day practices taking place in higher education, ranging from student socialisation, student consumerism, tensions in combining academic and market-oriented targets in knowledge production to the formation of academic identities in different disciplinary and organisational cultures. The focus in the third part of the book is to use cultural perspectives developed in previous studies on disciplinary and organisational cultures as a framework to understand a variety of processes and reforms taking place at the institutional level of high education. The chapters in this part of the book analyse the Bologna Process, the evolution of scientific fields in American universities, organisational cultures in Chinese post-merger universities, and doctoral education and cooperation with industry.
Summary.
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Effects of cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibitors and inducers on the metabolism of S-ketamine
Encyclopedia of Violence, Peace, & Conflict
Effects of grapefruit juice on the pharmacokinetics of selected CYP3A4 substrate drugs
Effects of drug interactions and liver disease on the pharmacokinetics of ropivacaine
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Effects of cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibitors on the pharmacokinetics of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and venlafaxine
Intercultural intelligence in the start-up of a Life-Sciences Institute
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
State of Finland's Forest 2011 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Restoring culturally appropriate African leadership : a case study of Finnish, Kenyan and Tanzanian perspectives on a leadership and management training programme
Alone together : why we expect more from technology and less from each other
Social Impacts of Mining in Sodankylä
Indigenous responses to neocolonialist policies : “stop the political games!”
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Postmodernity and mobile communications
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Perspectives on prescribing in nursing homes in Helsinki
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Pharmacokinetic interactions and pharmacogenetics of aliskiren
Measuring Interpersonal Communication Competence in SME internationalzation
Effects of cytochrome P450 enzyme inhibitors on the metabolism of drugs used in anaesthesiology
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Making social worlds : a communication perspective
Stockley's drug interactions : a source book of interactions, their mechanisms, clinical importance and management
Global responses to terrorism : 9/11, Afghanistan and beyond
Handbook of the economics of education. Vol. 1
Drug-drug interactions in pharmaceutical development
Caveolins and caveolae : roles in signaling and disease mechanisms
Self and nonself
Intercultural Intelligence in the Start-Up of a Life-Sciences Institute
