http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16078 capacity
capacity
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Optimization problems for flow control
Administrative reform and capacity building : the case of primary education in Bangladesh
The objective of this project was to enhance the enzyme yield and capacity of a filter press of the DuPont Hanko factory. The main problem with the filter press was thought to be the channeling of the washing water during displacement of the enzyme product from the filter cakes for a good yield. It was assumed that the washing water is channeled through the bottom part of the filter cakes, leaving the upper part unwashed. The filter cakes were studied in order to determine the displacement rate of the cakes. Samples were taken from the cakes after the washing and the enzyme activity was determined. The results suggested that the washing water displaced the upper part of the filter cakes and left the bottom part almost undisplaced. This was due to too low flow rates in filtration, which were then doubled in the further studies. The results suggested that an increased flow rate enhances the filter cake uniformity, the overall displacement rate and the yield. In addition, the time required for the filtration phase was halved. In order to achieve a uniform cake structure a new feed pump is required. If the cakes are equally thick in the bottom and top halves of the chambers, the washing water will allow equally efficient displacement in both the bottom and top part of the chamber.
Abstract: Market research of hydropower in Nordic countries - Case: PowerMortar..
Measuring and assessing capacity in fisheries. 1, Basic concepts and management options
Site selection and carrying capacities for inland and coastal aquaculture : FAO/Institute of Aquaculture, University of Stirling, Expert Workshop 6-8 December 2010, Stirling, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Segmentation, revenue management, and pricing analytics
Global and EU governance for sustainable forest management with special reference to capacity building in Ethiopia and Southern Sudan
RF-repeater performance assessment and planning guidelines for WCDMA networks
Real-time thermal state and component loading estimation in active distribution networks
Cloud computing for dummies
Revenue engine : why revenue performance management is the next frontier of competitive advantage
"The practices of revenue management and pricing analytics have transformed the transportation and hospitality industries, and are increasingly important in industries as diverse as retail, telecommunications, banking, health care and manufacturing. Segmentation, Revenue Management and Pricing Analytics guides students and professionals on how to identify and exploit revenue management and pricing opportunities in different business contexts. Bodea and Ferguson introduce concepts and quantitative methods for improving profit through capacity allocation and pricing. Whereas most marketing textbooks cover more traditional, qualitative methods for determining customer segments and prices, this book uses historical sales data with mathematical optimization to make those decisions. With hands-on practice and a fundamental understanding of some of the most common analytical models, readers will be able to make smarter business decisions and higher profits"-- (takakansi)
Measuring capacity in fisheries
Measuring and assessing capacity in fisheries. 2, Issues and methods
Report of the Technical Consultation to Review Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Rome, 31August - 2 September 2004.
Fisheries management. 3, Managing fishing capacity
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Market research of hydropower in Nordic countries : case: PowerMortarTM
Methodological workshop on the management of tuna fishing capacity : stock status, data envelopment analysis, industry surveys and management options : 8-12 May 2006, La Jolla, California, United States of America
Aspects of capacity enhancement techniques in cellular networks
Multidimensional adaptive radio links for broadband communications
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Demand response benefits for major assets of high voltage distribution systems : capacity gain and life management
Impacts of capacity remunerative mechanisms on cross-border trade
The human achievement chapter
CDMA systems capacity engineering
Development aid and the challenge to deliver it efficiently : with special focus on SADC
Removing bottleneck from a manufacturing unit : A case studies to BET-KER Oy, Ylivieska-84100, Finland
Energy-efficient peer-to-peer networking for constrained-capacity mobile environments
The effects of increasing working memory load on electric activity of the brain : an EEG experiment
Capacity and level of service at Finnish unsignalized intersections
Quasiadditivity of Variational Capacity
Essays on the economics of fisheries management
Serum sex-hormone binding globulin and cortisol concentrations are associated with overreaching during strenuous military training
Strategic alliances, joint investments, and market structure
Forwarding capacity in large wireless multihop networks : a computational approach
Capacity in visual search and memory encoding
Demand and capacity forecasting tool : case Cargotec Finland RTG product line
The aim of this thesis is to determine the current situation and problems of small- to mediumsized  hotels (SME hotels) in Northern Germany at the example of the region Fehmarn. Secondly,  this research identifies whether revenue management (RM) is applicable for SME hotels  and whether it can provide possibilities to enhance the situation of these SME hotels. This  research is not commissioned.    This research is undertaken as in general, SMEs are neglected in academic research and especially,  the topic of RM in SME hotels in Germany has not been researched yet. Objectives  include defining RM, i.e. its origin, the conditions and requirements for implementation, as  well as defining SMEs, i.e. presenting the specific characteristics of SMEs. Furthermore, objectives  are to determine the current situation and performance of SME hotels in the chosen  region through interviews as well as through analysing one specific hotel in greater depth.  Key findings are that SME hotels in general are less suitable for professional RM due to their  lack of financial capital, lack of skilled labour as well as lack of know how. Owners of independent  hotels tend to be deeply involved in daily operations, thus leaving only little time for  strategic planning and thus the usage of RM. This is because RM requires a lot of time beforehand  for the according analyses and it requires a deep understanding which could be handicapped  by the lack of know how.    The primary data collection revealed that the SME hotels on Fehmarn have different problems  that cannot be solved by the means of RM. The main problem is the low occupancy  from November to March which roots in the unattractiveness of the island in those months as  many shops and attractions are closed as well as in insufficient marketing of the destination.  Additionally, demand is very hard to forecast and concerning the characteristic and image of  Fehmarn, market segmentation is rather difficult. However, predictable demand and market  segmentation are important conditions for RM.
Possibilities of revenue management for small to medium-sized hotels in Northern-Germany
Report of the first session of the Working Party on Human Capacity Development in Fisheries : Rome, 19-22 April 2004.
Capacity modeling of IT systems
The aim of this thesis was to create accurate man hour forecasting tool for one of the product lines of a large cargo handling company called Cargotec Finaland Oy. The case company hasn't had any long term forecasting previously for the department and it has fallen into project management problems as a result. The thesis goes through these problems that arise from lack of forecasting, theory of resource management and it explains step by step how the tool was created.
Automating a Production Cell : Case: Sisu Axles
Capacity and level of service on Finnish two-lane highways
A framework for modelling the annual cycle of trees in boreal and temperate regions
Enhancing system level performance of third generation cellular networks through VoIP and MBMS services
Variation in working memory
Capacity and level of service of Finnish signalized intersections
Service operations management
Monitoring the EU accession process : judicial capacity
Project portfolio management : a view from the management trenches
Aspects of knowledge mining on minimizing drive tests in self-organizing cellular networks
The optimal production and capacity investment under stochastic prices
The theory and practice of revenue management
How to initiate a capacity planning and management process for a rapid deployment unit of a security services company : Case Study Support Services Group Ltd.
Predicting the OTT services capacity based on network traffic analysis
Report of the fifth session of the Committee on Aquaculture : Santiago de Compostela, Spain, 5-7 June 2006 = Rapport de la cinquième session du Comité de l'aquaculture : Saint-Jacques-de-Compostelle, Espagne, 5-7 juin 2006
Effective capacity evaluation of advanced wideband CDMA and UWB radio networks
Case studies on the effects of transferable fishing rights on fleet capacity and concentration of quota ownership
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Measurement of Fishing Capacity : Mexico City, Mexico, 29 November - 3 December 1999.
Analyzing and modelling production planning from the warehousing point of view in a coreboard mill
Definition of manufacturing capacity using simulation model
The effects of writing about difficult experiences on working memory capacity
The interchange between sales forecasting and capacity management in MIS
On capacity : 'capacity development' and its challenges in international development and humanitarian aid projects. Case study from Haiti
World production capacities plywood, particle board and fibre board 1985-1990 = Capacites mondiales de contre-plaque, de panneaux de particules et de panneaux de fibre 1985-1990 = Capacidades mundiales de tablers contrachapados, de particulas y de fibre 1985-1990
Introduction to materials management
World production capacities plywood; particle board and fibre board 1979-1984 = Capacites mondiales de contre-plaque, de panneaux de particules et de panneaux de fibre 1979-1984 = Capacidades mundiales de tablers contrachapados, de particulas y de fibre 1979-1984
Junkbots, bugbots, and bots on wheels : building simple robots with BEAM technology
Superimposed training for single carrier transmission in future mobile communications
Engine airflow : a practical guide to airflow theory, parts testing, flow bench testing and analyzing data to increase performance for any street or racing engine
Fairness-oriented and QoS-aware radio resource management in OFDMA packet radio networks : practical algorithms and system performance
Report of the Technical Consultation to Review Progress and Promote the Full Implementation of the International Plan of Action to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing and the International Plan of Action for the Management of Fishing Capacity, Rome, 24-29 June 2004.
How do different airlines adapt capacity to the changing demand during the economic crises
What are the potential effects of turnaways, and how to anticipate such effects
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems’ security
Capacity of cultural papers in Western Europe : report to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) through the Ministry for Foreign Affairs of Finland. Bureau of International Development Co-operation
The purpose of these guidelines is to aid stakeholders and fisheries managers in the development of national and regional plans of action for the management of fishing capacities, in order to align fishing capacity with the sustainable use of fish stocks.--Publisher's description.
Improvement of filter press capacity and displacement rate
Early-phase performance evaluation of computer systems using workload models and SystemC
Efficiency, risk and regulation compliance : applications to Lake Victoria fisheries in Tanzania
The international hotel industry
Guide to the evaluation of functional ability : how to request, interpret, and apply functional capacity evaluations
Rats bred for low aerobic capacity become promptly fatigued and have slow metabolic recovery after stimulated, maximal muscle contractions
Working memory capacity
Swimming muscles of wild, trained and reared fish:aspects of contraction machinery and energy metabolism
Forest sustainability in America
Monitoring and analyzing the utilization rate of NC-controlled machinery
Limited new paper capacity
