http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16010 intersubjectivity
intersubjectivity
"What makes us talk about viewpoint and perspective in linguistic analyses and in literary texts, as well as in landscape art? Is this shared vocabulary marking real connections between the disparate phenomena? This volume argues that human cognition is not only rooted in the human body, but also inherently 'viewpointed' as a result; consequently, so are language and communication. Dancygier and Sweetser bring together researchers who do not typically meet on common ground: analysts of narrative and literary style, linguists examining the uses of grammatical forms in signed and spoken languages, and analysts of gesture accompanying speech. Using models developed within cognitive linguistics, the book uncovers surprising functional similarities across various communicative forms, arguing for specific cognitive underpinnings of such correlations. What emerges is a new understanding of the role and structure of viewpoint and a groundbreaking methodology for investigating communicative choices across various modalities and discourse contexts"--
Bakhtin's concept of the chronotope : the viewpoint of an acting subject
French philosopher Luce Irigaray is one of the foremost contemporary scholars in the fields of feminist thought and linguistics. In "I Love to You", she moves from the critique of patriarchy to an exploration of the ground for a possible inter-subjectivity between the two sexes. Continuing her rejection of demands for equality, Irigaray poses the question: how can we move to a new era of sexual difference in which women and men establish lasting relations with one another without reducing the other to the status of object? Drawing upon Hegel, Irigaray proposes a dialectic appropriate to each sex as well as a dialectic of their relation. She argues for what she calls "sexed rights" and a right of persons based on the right to life, not the right to property. Using the results of her research into the sexing of language, Irigaray analyzes how women seek communication in discourse with the other - an other, pre-occupied with his abstract or concrete object, who does not respond. She proposes another syntax for communication, one that does not incoporate the other as the object of the subject but allows for an indirect relation. Thus "I love 'to' you" replaces "I love you."
Minima ethnographica : intersubjectivity and the anthropological project
Leadership-as-practice : theory and application
Papers on language theory
Drama, Creativity and Intersubjectivity presents a new theoretical approach to dramatherapy. The book examines the key concepts of creativity and intersubjectivity in detail, through a comparison of their manifestations in children's life and the major scientific studies and developing research in the fields. Linking these concepts, Salvo Pitruzzella argues that 'identity' as a construct is now outmoded, and needs to be replaced with a more relational model. His ideas impact on dramatherapy theory, updating its basic tenets, and providing insight into how it practically works, with a focus on imagination as a major tool to support change. Drama, Creativity and Intersubjectivity will appeal to dramatherapists in training and practice, as well as other professionals in the field of arts therapies, plus those with a general interest in Creative Arts Therapies.
Relationality : from attachment to intersubjectivity
Time and the shared world : Heidegger on social relations
"How do we, as human beings, come to understand ourselves and others around us? This question could not be more timely or pertinent to the issues facing humankind today. At the heart of many of our world's most troubling political and social problems lies a divergence, and sometimes a sharp contradiction, in perspectives between nations and cultural groups. To find potential solutions to these seemingly intractable divides, we must come to understand what both facilitates and hinders a meaningful exchange of fundamental ideas and beliefs between different cultural groups. The discussions in this book aim to provide a better understanding of how we come to know ourselves and others. Bringing together a number of cutting edge researchers and practitioners in psychology and related fields, this diverse collection of thirteen papers draws on psychology, sociology, philosophy, linguistics, communications, and anthropology to explore how human beings effectively come to understand and interact with others. This volume is organised in three main sections to explore some of the key conceptual issues, discuss the cognitive processes involved in intersubjectivity and interobjectivity, and examine human relations at the level of collective processes. Understanding the Self and Others will appeal to students and scholars of sociology, developmental psychology, philosophy, communication studies, anthropology, identity studies, social and cultural theory, and linguistics"--
Merleau-Ponty : key concepts
Constructing shared understanding and common epistemic grounds in BELF-mediated work meetings
The politics of storytelling : violence, transgression, and intersubjectivity
Origins of the other : Emmanuel Levinas between revelation and ethics
Perceiving the other: Husserl and Merleau-Ponty on the genesis of intersubjectivity
Subjectivity in the twenty-first century : psychological, sociological, and political perspectives
Relational and intersubjective perspectives in psychoanalysis : a critique
Beauvoir and Sartre : the riddle of influence
Introduction : the acting subject of Bakhtin
The over- or the undersocialized conception of man? : practice theory and the problem of intersubjectivity
Intentionality and intersubjectivity
The singularity of being : Lacan and the immortal within
Phenomenology and embodiment : Husserl and the constitution of subjectivity
Open dialogues and anticipations : respecting otherness in the present moment
The problem of other minds : themes from Wittgenstein
Self-relations in the psychotherapy process
Incarnate subjectivity : the constitutive significance of embodiment in Husserlian phenomenology
G. H. Mead : a contemporary re-examination of his thought
Modeling communities of experts : conceptual grounding of expertise
Symbolic interaction and ethnographic research : intersubjectivity and the study of human lived experience
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Shame and desire : emotion, intersubjectivity, cinema
What is existential anthropology?
Angels of desire : esoteric bodies, aesthetics and ethics
Resonance in storytelling:verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
Bakhtin and his others : (inter)subjectivity, chronotope, dialogism
Shadow of the other : intersubjectivity and gender in psychoanalysis
The intersubjective mirror in infant learning and evolution of speech
Moral spectatorship : technologies of voice and affect in postwar representations of the child / Lisa Cartwright
Learning to forget : the anti-memoirs of modernity
The directionality of (inter)subjectification in the English noun phrase : pathways of change
Intersubjectivity and intersubjectification in grammar and discourse : theoretical and descriptive advances
Construal in expression : an intersubjective approach to Cognitive Grammar
Ethics of hospitality : participatory tourism encounters in the northern highlands of Nicaragua
The politics of storytelling : variations on a theme by Hannah Arendt
The shared mind : perspectives on intersubjectivity
Subjectivity and intersubjectivity in modern philosophy and psychoanalysis : a study of Sartre, Binswanger, Lacan, and Habermas
Humanism of the other
Self-consciousness and intersubjectivity : a study on Hegelś encyclopedia Philosophy of subjective spirit (1830)
Mapping psychic reality : triangulation, communication, and insight
Anthropology, otherness, and existential enterprise
I love to you : sketch for a felicity within history
Resonance in storytelling : verbal, prosodic and embodied practices of stance taking
Spirit, the family, and the unconscious in Hegel's philosophy
Achievement of intersubjectivity in airline cockpit interaction
The birth of intersubjectivity : psychodynamics, neurobiology, and the self
Heidegger and cognitive science
Religion in the thought of Mikhail Bakhtin : reason and faith
Producing intersubjectivity in a consultation setting
On being moved : from mirror neurons to empathy
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
This book develops a new paradigm in the field of leadership studies, referred to as the "leadership-as-practice" (L-A-P) movement. Its essence is its conception of leadership as occurring as a practice rather than residing in the traits or behaviours of particular individuals. A practice is a coordinative effort among participants who choose through their own rules to achieve a distinctive outcome. It also tends to encompass routines as well as problem-solving or coping skills, often tacit, that are shared by a community.
Understanding the self and others : explorations in intersubjectivity and interobjectivity
Between one and one another
Memory and utopia : the primacy of intersubjectivity
Drama, creativity and intersubjectivity : the roots of change in dramatherapy
The present moment in psychotherapy and everyday life
Temporality of the face-to-face in Levinas' ethics
Wittgenstein and other minds : rethinking subjectivity and intersubjectivity with Wittgenstein, Levinas, and Husserl
"I am because you are" : relationality in the works of Siri Hustvedt
Viewpoint in language : a multimodal perspective
The democracy of objects
Self / image : technology, representation, and the contemporary subject / Amelia Jones
