http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16062 vocational institutions
vocational institutions
Marketing commincation plan for the degree of vocational qualification in business and administration
Organisational communication development : International Business degree programme
Reforming teaching and learning : comparative perspectives in a global era
Reconciling liberal and vocational education : report of the European Union Leonardo da Vinci research project on promoting the attractiveness of vocational education (PAVE)
Experimental plan foundations in international nursing education : curriculum experiment
Points of departure : some European dimensions in teacher education
Computers in education : a survey of computer use among English teachers in vocational schools and commercial colleges in Finland
The purpose of this study is to provide an updated marketing communication plan for Tampere College concerning their new line of education: Vocational Qualification in Business and Administration. The main goal is to structure a practical as well as efficient strategy based on the communication objectives of the organization. This is to be implemented with such communication tools that are found suitable and, which assist with developing the actual marketing communication plan. Primary data was collected by an e-survey, which was directed towards the attended target audience, the 9th graders in the Pirkanmaa area. The information sought were the needs and wants of the target audience. In a more detail manner the information gathered was based on the awareness of the 9th graders towards this particular line of education, how they would see appropriate to improve its' marketing and which channels of communication should be used. The survey was sent to four schools via e-mail and the final amount of responses reached 91. In the study the research method used was quantitative. The theory part of the thesis focuses mainly on the general side of marketing communication and its effects towards the society as well as to the theory behind the marketing communication plan framework (MCFP). In the empirical part of this study the results are been processed and derived as practical conclusions. When analyzing the results it became evident that there was a need for up-dating the marketing communication plan in the parts of the new line of education. Based on the results there wasn't enough attention given to the online approach, even though the tar-get audience in question consists of youngsters aged fifteen. When analyzing the information together with the background information gotten through interviews, the conclusion was evident: to be able to achieve the optimal outcome the use of Internet has to be taken into its fullest.  From the youngsters' perspective the emphasis is to be given to Internet and its services. Due to this the conclusion of this study is to emphasize the online approach, however, not forgetting the importance of the off-line media as well.
English language goals, expectations, and motivation for vocational school students
Uutta toteutusta koulutukseen = new ways of implementation in education
English in vocational schools in Finland : real ESP? : a call for needs analyses
Tekniikan englantia = Technical english. 2
National core curriculum for nurse, midwife and public health nurse education in Finland
Outcomes of education in information technology : towards a model of nursing informatics education
Mainstream bilingual education in the Finnish vocational sector
Abstract: Easier acquisition of work-based learning places.
Professional growth and development : directions, delivery and dilemmas
Renewable natural resources sector : national core curriculum in agriculture, horticulture, forestry, fishery and other renewable natural resources on the upper secondary level
Best or second best choice? : polytechnic education in the lives of engineering students
Improving quality assurance in European vocational education and training : factors influencing the use of quality assurance findings
A project as part of studies : case Artemis Orchestra
Curriculum foundations in international nursing education
The utilisation of information and communications technology in vocational education institutions
National core curricula for social welfare education in Finland : translation of the main parts
The thesis was commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Degree Programme of Information Technology, Forssa. The thesis  describes the experiences and findings of HAMK teams participating in the Artemis Contests in seasons 2007 in Berlin, 2008 in Athens and 2009 in Nice. Also some suggestions for the contest arranger, participants and supporting organizations as well as for national and international university level cooperation in relation to organizing contestant teams and similar projects are provided.  A survey was conducted to collect experiences of the teams and team mem-bers by issuing a questionnaire and by interviewing team members. Also the project execution was reflected against Project Based Learning, PBL, as reported by HAMK's INSKE study, a report of a study on developing Bachelor Degree education. The main results are related to managing technology contest projects. The question of how to run an international project aimed at participating in a technology contest, has several aspects to be taken into account such as technological research and international relations. Any organization with very little prior experience in project work needs a tight discipline in reporting and documenting of individual work. The thesis includes suggestions for future contests such as Artemis Orchestra Contest and further use of the equipment built on the contestant projects as part of partner universities' international marketing
A hundred years and more
The evaluation of staff development in technical and further education : a proposed methodology
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
English custom-designed for engineering students
Vocational education and training
New themes for vocational education
Catering English
Build up your English
The Best of Perho : is published in honour of the 60th anniversary of the Helsinki Culinary School
Finnish polytechnics in ASEAN : travel report
The moral imperative of school leadership
Hotel and catering education in Britain
Practical skills, education and development : vocational education and training in Finland
Advanced musical performance : investigations in higher education learning
Vocational teacher education : some theoretical perspectives
Project-based learning and polytechnic-SME collaboration in internationalization : the case of Helsinki Business Polytechnic
The developmental challenges in the cooperation of education and training and working life
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
Reviews of national policies for education : polytechnic education in Finland
Abstract.
Curricular reform in vocational education national core curricula : material for new ideas
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
National core curricula for health care education at lower level in Finland : translation of the main parts
Developing a pedagogical model for simulation-based healthcare education
Oxford English for computing
Administration and business sector : national core curriculum in business and administration on the upper secondary level : vocational qualification in business and administration, business school graduate
Language teaching in the vocational school
Assessing the English language skills and individual differences in vocational institutions
National core curricula for health care education at college level in Finland
