http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16071 picaresque novels
picaresque novels
The man who walks
The picaresque hero in European fiction
The reversible world : symbolic inversion in art and society
The lies of Locke Lamora
An exemplary history of the novel : the Quixotic versus the picaresque
The Year of the Hare
The republic of thieves
Don Quixote. Volume two. [A graphic novel]
The republic of thieves : book three of the Gentleman Bastard sequence
The picaresque
The Pickwick papers / Charles Dickens ; [illustrations by R. Seymour, R. W. Buss and H. K. Browne (Phiz)]
The year of the hare
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Bill, the galactic hero on the planet of zombie vampires
Adios muchachos
The adventures of Don Quixote
"Queen of ambiguities, goddess of in-between states" : the carnival, the grotesque and the trickster in Angela Carter's Nights at the circus
Vanity fair
The good soldier Svejk and his fortunes in the world war
The travels and surprising adventures of Baron Munchausen
Sweet thursday
The tin drum
A fraction of the whole
Tipping the velvet
The extraordinary journey of the fakir who got trapped in an Ikea wardrobe
"This is, in brief, the story of a swindler: a Georgian Felix Krull, or perhaps a cynical Don Quixote, named Kvachi Kvachantiradze. He is a womanizer, cheat, perpetrator of insurance fraud, bank robber, associate of Rasputin, filmmaker, revolutionary, and pimp. Though originally denounced as pornographic, Kvachi's tale is one of the great classics of twentieth-century Georgian literature--and a hilarious romp to boot" --
Sweet Thursday
The rich and the profane : a Lovejoy novel
The reception of the picaresque in the French, English and German traditions
The picaresque novel in Western literature : from the sixteenth century to the neopicaresque
The universe twister
Tom Jones
The path to the spiders' nests
The adventures of a bed salesman : [a novel]
A study of the modern German picaresque tradition. It argues that the picaresque, whose origins date back to the Spanish Renaissance and the Baroque Age, re-emerged as a reflection both of Germany's explosive modernizing processes between 1880 and 1930 and of the most barbarous implosion of modern civilization under National Socialism.
This casebook gathers a collection of ambitious essays about both parts of the novel (1605 and 1615) and also provides a general introduction and a bibliography. The essays range from Ramon Menendez Pidal's seminal study of how Cervantes dealt with chivalric literature to Erich Auerbachs polemical study of "Don Quixote" as essentially a comic book by studying its mixture of styles, and include Leo Spitzer's masterful probe into the essential ambiguity of the novel through minute linguistic analysis of Cervantes prose. The book includes pieces by other major Cervantes scholars, such as Manuel Duran and Edward C. Riley, as well as younger scholars like Georgina Dopico-Black. All these essays ultimately seek to discover that which is peculiarly Cervantean in "Don Quixote" and why it is considered to be the first modern novel.
Journey to Virginland : epistle 1
Red seas under red skies
Nowhere man
The German pícaro and modernity : between underdog and shape-shifter
Vanity fair : A novel without a hero
TORTILLA FLAT
12 stuljev = The twelve chairs
The howling miller
Cervantes' Don Quixote : a casebook
The complete Don Quixote
Under the net
Constructions of Smollett : a study of genre and gender
Saving fish from drowning
The myth of the Picaro : continuity and transformation of the picaresque novel 1554-1954
Zorro : the novel
