http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1601 materials testing
materials testing
Mechanics of quasi-brittle materials and structures : a volume in honour of professor Zdenek P. Bazant 60th birthday
Aluminium handbook. Vol. 1, Fundamentals and materials
Mechanics of materials : SI version
Formulas for stress and strain
Friction test : surface measuring of test pieces on differently treated materials
Wound glass fibre reinforced polyester resin (UP-GF) pipes : General quality requirements and testing
This thesis was done for HAMK University of Applied Sciences. The purpose of this work was to design a supporting table for Faro Platinum Arm. Due to the requests, and based on the completed table in laboratory, certain improvement functions are included in new design. The aim of the work was to find appropriate approaches to increase the usability of the supporting table. The work included basically three parts: background, theory and design. Background includes introduction on design process and laser scanner. Theory part focuses on screws which is the main idea of the design. Other theories include different ideas of structures design which were brought to the work. Design part was corresponding to the operation requirements of the equipment. Draft drawing by hands illustrated the ideas. Stress analysis was done according to selected manufacturing material information. Internet and books are the major sources. As a result, a qualified design achieves the task requirements. Screw used as elevating methods, folded table and concave shape top plate increase the usability of the table. The size of the screw which is verified by stress analysis is defined, and further study can be made on modelling and manufacturing method.
Maling og belegg : Godkjenning og sertifisering av inspektorer for overflatebehandling = Paints and coatings : approval and certification of surface treatment inspectors / Standard Norge, Pronorm AS
Microstructural alterations in martensitic steels during rolling contact fatigue
Shreir's corrosion. volume 4 , management and control of corrosion
Fatigue life prediction of composites and composite structures
An introduction to the mechanical properties of ceramics
Hygroscopic moisture in concrete : drying, measurements & related material properties
Corrosion and corrosion control : an introduction to corrosion science and engineering
Hitsien tarkastus. Osa 1, Rikkomaton aineenkoetus = Testing of welds. Part 1, Non-destructive testing
TZP-ceramics in humid conditions at 150 C
Supporting table design for FaroArm platinum 3D scanner
Ecological aspects of polymer flame retardancy
Schaumś outline of theory and problems of strenght af materials
Rikkomaton aineenkoetus : sanasto = Non-destructive testing : terminology. Osa = Part 9, Akustisessa emissiossa    käytetyt termit = Terms used in acoustic emission testing
NMR imaging of materials
Guidelines on high temperature damage of gas turbine blades
Practical plant failure analysis : a guide to understanding machinery deterioration and improving equipment reliability
NDE handbook : non-destructive examination methods for condition monitoring
Nordtest method. NT MECH
EURAM RS Aluminium Alloys Programme MA1E/0070/C : final report
Mechanics of engineering materials
Ultrasonic wave propagation in non homogeneous media
Technology survey on NDT of carbon-fiber composites
Influence of high slag content on the basic mechanical properties and carbonation of concrete
Introduction to the principles of materials evaluation
Phase stability of TZP-ceramics in various conditions
High temperature cyclic behaviour of superalloy Ma 6000
Hitsien tarkastus = Testing of welds
Limit states of materials and structures : direct methods
Hållfasthetsordlista = Glossary of strength of materials : Sv-E-F-D-Da
Analysis of wetting and optical properties of materials developed for novel printed solar cells
Fracture mechanics : integration of mechanics, materials science, and chemistry
Hitsien tarkastus = Testing of welds. Osa 1, Rikkomaton aineenkoetus = Non-destructive testing
Nordtest method. NT NDT
Hitsien tarkastus = Kontrol av svetsar = Testing of welds
Mechanics for engineers : dynamics
Fundamentals of metal fatigue analysis
Behaviour of high strength concrete at high temperatures
Recent advances in non-destructive inspection
Shreir's corrosion. volume 3 , corrosion and degradation of engineering materials
ASM handbook. 13 100, Corrosion: environments and industries
Corrosion in seawater systems
Nondestructive testing : methods, analyses and applications
Defect characterization by ultrasonic diffraction techniques
Electron beam analysis of materials
Theory of elasticity
Rainflow analysis of switching Markov loads
Materials characterization techniques
Scanning tunneling and atomic force microscopy studies of organic thin films, synthetic polymers and lignocellulosics
Strength of materials and structures with an introduction to finite element methods
The behavior of stabilized high-chromium ferritic stainless steels in hot deformation
Opticorr guide book : optimisation of in-service performance of boiler steels by modelling high temperature corrosion
Technology Survey on NDT of Carbon-fiber Composites
Metal surface and subsurface inspection using nondestructure optical methods
Formulas for stress, strain, and structural matrices
A stress field parameter for weld hydrogen cracking
Perspectives in materials characterization
Integrated hub gear motor for heavy-duty off-road working machines : interdisciplinary design
Testing of materials
Teräs : aineenkoetusstandardit = Steel : standards for testing of materials. Osa 2, Kovuuskokeet = Hardness tests
Test methods for fire hazards of construction plastics
Nondestructive testing : radiography, ultrasonics, liquid penetrant, magnetic particle, eddy current
Guidelines for development of NDE acceptance criteria
Mechanics of materials
Strength of materials. Part 1, Elementary theory and problems
An Introduction to measurements using strain gages
Abstract: Nondestructive testing of adhesive joints between reinforced plastics and metals.
A wide spectral range imaging system : applications in wood industry
The evaluation of integrity and elasticity of thermally sprayed ceramic coatings by ultrasonics
Strength of materials. Part 2, Advanced theory and problems
Mechanical testing in the project "Snabbstelnade lättmetallegeringar"
Microstructural degradation in compound tubes
Intermediate mechanics of materials
Strength of materials
Applied strength of materials
Statics and mechanics of materials
Characterization and analysis of building materials : some modern physical and chemical methods
Fatigue properties of ODS superalloy MA 6000 at high temperatures
The effects of aging on the deformation behaviour of Fe-Ni-C plate martensite
Rikkomaton aineenkoetus : Pyörrevirtatarkastus : sanasto = Non-destructive testing : eddy current testing : vocabulary
Anglo-Finnish joint symposium on advances in nondestructive testing, Espoo, 9-11 May, 1988
Manual on presentation of data and control chart analysis
Materials for engineering
Rikkomaton aineenkoetus : sanasto = Non-destructive testing : terminology. Osa 2, NDT-menetelmien yhteiset termit = Terms common to the non-destructive testing methods
TEM, positron lifetime and hardness measurements of irradiated, cold-worked and annealed Zr-1%Nb
Fatigue design : Helsinki, Finland, 5-8 September, 1995 : preprints. Vol. 3
Nordtest method. NT MAT
Solid-solid interactions : proceedings of the First Royal Society - Unilever Indo-Uk Forum in Materials Science and Engineering
Fatigue design 1995 : Helsinki, Finland, 5-8 September, 1995 : preprints. Vol. 2
Long-life fatigue design of GRP 500 nodular cast iron components
Fast photothermal techniques in Nondestructive evaluation
Prediction of material properties based on non-destructive Barkhausen noise measurement
Fibre-reinforced high-strength concrete
Acoustic microscopy : fundamentals and applications
Development of bending and twisting methods on mobile devices
Dynamic test machine : durability test
Studies on characterization of dielectric composite materials using radar and other microwave sensors
Corrosion of multi-oxide ceramic materials
Microstructural degradation of boiler tube steels under long term exposure to high temperature
Russian metals for Arctic offshore structures
Applied metal forming : including FEM analysis
Handbook on experimental mechanics
Imaging of planar defects with LSAFT
Marks' mechanics problem-solving companion
The science and engineering of materials
Understanding how components fail
Mechanical vibration methods for studying physical properties of solid materials
Mechanics of materials : SI metric edition
Nondestructive evaluation of coatings by low-frequency thermal waves
Elements of the mechanical behavior of solids
Mechanical testing of engineering materials
Protection and testing of gas turbine blades for high temperature applications
Guidelines for replacing NDE techniques with one another
