http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16021 painters (visual artists)
painters (visual artists)
The self portrait : a modern view
Contemporary Polish painting
Matti Värttö *27.10.1948 †22.1.2011 : sein Leben für die Kunst = his life for art = hänen elämänsä taiteelle
Encyclopedia of painting : painters and painting of the world from prehistoric times to the present day
Edvard Munch
The women artists of Italian futurism : almost lost to history
Degas : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Mark Rothko : toward the light in the chapel
Life and works of Vincent van Gogh
Kanagawa is a strategic and poetic card game in which you must paint the most beautiful print. Improve your studio to immortalise the most beautiful subjects through the seasons and become the most prestigious student of the painter Hokusai.
All the paintings of Masaccio
Haitian art in the diaspora : a directory of Haitian artists living abroad
Modigliani drawings: with 98 plates, 4 in colour
Modern Finnish painting
Jaap Wagemaker's informal art
Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio : his life, his legend, his work
Sickert : paintings and drawings
Martiros Saryan : masters of world painting = Martiros Sarjan : mastera mirovoj ziropisi
Summary.
The pocket book of old masters
American painting : the 20th century
Jackson Pollock
Painters Apprentice
Thomas Nyqvist : 9.9.-3.10.1993
The swan thieves : a novel
Manet : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Manet : his life and work in 500 images : an illustrated exploration of the artist, his life and context, with a gallery of 300 of his greatest
Sobranie proizvedeni iskusstva M. O. Okrojana = Mkrtich Okroyan Fine Art Collection. Tom I = Vol. I : Russkaja klassitšeskaja živopis XIX veka = Russian classic painting of the XIXth century
Augustinas Savickas : reprodukciju albumas = albom reproduktsi = a book of reproductions
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Frank Auerbach : speaking and painting
Marc Chagall : 1887-1985
The obstacle race : the fortunes of women painters and their work
Theodor Aman
150 South African paintings  : past and present
Thomas Brezing : the art of failure isn't hard to master
Contemporary artists : Volume 2 : L-Z
Light + meaning
The diaries of Paul Klee 1898-1918
Nanna Susi : burlesque and cheerful homelessness of landscape
A century of British painters
Carpaccio : the major pictorial cycles
Modigliani : man and myth
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
Thirty-four works by young Italian painters
Winslow Homer watercolours
Ilkka Juhani Takalo-Eskola : Tampereen nykytaiteen museo : 21.11.1987-10.1.1988 = The Museum of Modern Art Tampere
John Constable : his life and work = Constable
L'œeuvre de Jean Gorin = The works of Jean Gorin  = Das Werk von Jean Gorin
Waiting rooms
Klee : his life and work
The pre-raphaelites
David Cox
Jarmo Mäkilä : Dorian Grayn muotokuva = Dorian Grays porträtt = The picture of Dorian Gray
Karin Laaja : minnesbilder II = muistikuvia II = recollections II
Vasily Surikov : his life and work
Ger Sweeney : notes from a silence
Ellen Thesleff : värien tanssi = dance of colour
Tropiikin valo : Akseli Gallen-Kallelan Afrikka 1909-10 : Akseli Gallen-Kallelas's Africa 1909-10 = Light of the tropics
Raphael
Titian : paintings and drawings
St. Ives 1883-1993 : portrait of an art colony
Tropiikin valo = Lights oh the tropics : Akseli Gallen-Kallelan Afrikka = Akseli Gallen-Kallela's Africa 1909-10
The cat who wasn't there
Forty-one false starts : essays on artists and writers
El Greco : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
Contemporary artists : Volume 1 : A-K
Gustav Klimt : painter of women
Stories of the artists : Netherlands School
Juha Hälikkä Talk Show : Juha Hälikän näyttely Talk Show Galleria Uusitalossa 11.3.-4.4.2004 = The Blind gleam of organs, the skin of Juha Hälikkäs's paintings at Galleria Uusitalo[ssa] 11.3.-4.4.2004
Teemu Saukkonen : maalauksia sarjasta "Vaikenemisen käytäntö" = paintings from the series "Practice of Silence"
The artist in his studio
Luc Tuymans : the arena
Marc Chagall ; Text by Werner Haftmann
This is Rembrandt
Anton Raphael Mengs and neoclassicism
Matisse in the Barnes Foundation
The court painter's apprentice
A selection of Ye Xiong's ink and wash exhibition in Finland
A piece of the world : A Novel
Art + Paris : Impressionists & Post-impressionists : the ultimate guide to artists, paintings and places in Paris and Normandy
All the paintings of Jan van Eyck
French painting
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
Index of Japanese painters
Gauguin : the life and work of the artist illustrated with 80 colour plates
A checklist of painters c. 1200-1976 : represented in the Witt Library, Courtauld Institute of Art, London
Wassily Kandinsky : 1866-1944 : a revolution in painting
Viorel Mǎrginean : the landscape as a state of the soul
Hogarth
Painters of fantasy : from Hieronymus Bosch to Salvador Dali : 104 reproductions
Girl with a pearl earring
Edward Hopper : an intimate biography
Frida Kahlo 1907-1954 : pain and passion
Gustav Klimt : in search of the total artwork
River of Light : Monet's impressions of the Seine
The painter of Shanghai
Mucha : the triumph of Art Nouveau
Titian : the paintings and drawings with three hundred illustrations
Diego Velázquez : 1599-1660 : the face of Spain
Roland Oudot
Artists in the life of Charleston : through colony and state from restoration to reconstruction
Picasso at work : an intimate photographic study
The eye of god : a life of Oskar Kokoschka
Sidney Nolan : a life
A concise history of Canadian painting
