http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16042 nursing staff
nursing staff
Culture and climate 1: investigating aspects of organizational and care culture by the use of proverbs
Ethical dilemmas in healthcare : a practical approach through medical humanities
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity?  : a handbook for nursing staff
The kaleidoscope of communication
Guide to health workforce development in post-conflict environments
Nursing team organization and functioning
Social skills for nursing practice
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Sudden Death : a research base for practice
Analytic review on the interventions of HIV/AIDS in South Africa
Communication and interpersonal skills for nurses
Challenges in caring : explorations in nursing and ethics
All chained up
There are bad boys and then there are the men of Devil's Rock ... Some men come with a built-in warning label. Knox Callaghan is one of them. Danger radiates from every lean, muscled inch of him, and his deep blue eyes seem to see right through to Briar Davis's most secret fantasies. But there's one major problem: Briar is a nurse volunteering at the local prison, and Knox is an inmate who should be off-limits in every way. Knox feels it too - a shocking animal magnetism that drives him to risk his own life to protect Briar's. Paroled at last, he tries to resist her. She's too innocent, too sweet, and she has no idea what Knox is capable of. But a single touch can lead to a kiss - and a taste ...until the only crime is denying what feels so right ... "When the prison doors are open, the real dragon will fly out." -Ho Chi Minh.
The art of communication in nursing and health care : an interdisciplinary approach
Beyond the autism diagnosis : a professional's guide to helping families
Palliative nursing : bringing comfort and hope
Pocket guide to cultural health assessment
How to manage your training : developing a training plan for care staff
Health promotion for nurses : theory and practice
Mental health practice : a guide to compassionate care
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Education of medical personnel working in northern regions
Good caring : patient realities and staff perceptions
Psychosocial Dimensions of Oncology Nursing Care
Getting to cooperation : conflict and conflict management in a Norwegian hospital : hospital professionals' perceptions, attributions and behaviours in conflict
Evidence-based practice : a primer for health care professionals
How to Combine Shift Work, Sleep and Physical Activity? : a Handbook for Nursing Staff
Subject terms by author: cooperative team meeting, eye contact, narrative approach, storytelling, psychiatric care, unspoken story
Unbearable whiteness : nurses and visual hospital environment
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Touch in the nursing care of elderly patients
Treating people with depression : a practical care for primary care
Clinical communication skills
Help for the helper : the psychophysiology of compassion fatigue and vicarious trauma
Relating experience : stories from health and social care
Summary.
The Early detection and treatment of handicapping defects in young children : report on a Working Group, Copenhagen, 28 November - 2 December 1966
The relationships between work stressors and organizational performance in long-term care for elderly residents
Interpersonal relationships : professional communication skills for nurses
Psychiatric nursing of a multicultural patient : the nurse-patient relationship
Machine learning and clinical text : supporting health information flow
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Emergency care : a textbook for paramedics
The collaborative partnership approach to care : a delicate balance
Mental health practice
Videotaped recording as a Method of Participant Observation in Psychiatric Nursing
Understanding laboratory investigations for nurses and health professionals
Clinical supervision and quality care : examining the effects of team supervision in multi-professional teams
Gendered careers in Post-Soviet society : views on professional Qualifications in surgery and pediatrics
Magnet hospitals revisited : attraction and retention of professional nurses
Managing client care
This user-friendly book demonstrates how even simple sounds and movements can engage people with dementia, promoting relaxation and enjoyment. All that's needed to succeed is a love of music, and a desire to gain greater communication and more meaningful interaction with people with dementia. The book provides practical advice on using music with people with dementia, including a songbook suggesting a range of popular song choices and a chapter focusing on the importance of caregivers looking after themselves as well as the people they care for. Suitable for both family and professional caregivers with no former experience of music therapy, and for music therapy students and entry level professionals, this accessible book reveals many useful techniques used in music therapy by experienced professionals.--From publisher description.
Training and development for dementia care workers
Leadership roles and management functions in nursing : theory and application
Work-related well-being in the transformation of nursing home work
Developing health and social care professionals' competencies by using blened-learning methods
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to explore the experiences of Chinese immigrants living in the Metropolitan area in Finland on the Finnish health care services and does it meet their needs. The study is part of the LOG-Sote project (Local and Global development in the social and health care), which aims to improve the health care services in Finland towards more immigrant friendly direction. Increasing knowledge about new cultures improves the interaction with patients from different cultural environments and social backgrounds. The Chinese immigrants are the fifth biggest immigrant group in Finland and their experiences on the Finnish health care services have not been explored before. Fourteen individual interviews were conducted during September and October 2011. All the participants were Chinese who are living in the Metropolitan area in Finland. The participants arrived to Finland between the years 1989 and 2005 and the reasons for the arrival varied. The data collection method was semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions. Data was analyzed by using the inductive content analysis. The results showed that generally the Finnish health care services are valued and the system is good. The Chinese trusted the Finnish health care workers' professionalism and the quality of the care was high according to the participants. The Chinese immigrants felt valued and equal to the native Finns. Few of the participants said that the access to the services and the care received was better to the immigrants than to the Finns, nevertheless, majority of the participants had difficulties when accessing the care. They did not understand how the Finnish health care system works or where to seek help. Health care workers' lack of facial expressions leaded to feelings that the staff was cold towards the Chinese. Language created problems when accessing the care while communicating with the health care workers. Even though the language was a big problem, participants mentioned that the Finns have a good heart and are helpful in problematic situations. The results of the study indicate that cultural competence should be increased among the Finnish health care staff in order to respond the needs of the immigrant groups from different backgrounds. Information on the Finnish health care should be provided in multiple languages so that the access and understanding of the system would be easier. The health care workers should encounter the patient with smile and show emotions on their faces.
Lay perspectives : "lay" and "expert" health knowledge : from hierarchy to equality
Somali womens' experiences in healthcare in Helsinki
Communication skills for adult nurses
Information literacy as a social phenomenon in the nursing environment
In the face of death : professionals who care for the dying and the bereaved
The experiences of multicultural patients regarding the attitudes of nurses : a literature review
Impacts of social skills in elderly people's care
A Model of Nursing Communication and a Phrase Vocabulary for Multicultural Nursing
Promoting the Wellbeing of Culturally Diverse Nursing Staff
Knowledge to care : a handbook for care assistants
Help! : they need somebody!
Psychiatric nursing
Rapid research methods for nurses, midwives and health professionals
Quality work environments for nurse and patient safety
What do I say? : talking with patients about spirituality
Teamwork in operating room nursing : conceptual perspective and Finnish, British and American nurses' and nursing students' experiences
Multicultural competence in nursing : experience of patients and families
Technology and medical practice : blood, guts and machines
Attitudes of perioperative personnel : a comparative research on safety culture and usage of surgical safety checklist
Positions constructed in specialist health care for patients experiencing intimate partner violence
Narrative in health care : healing patients, practitioners, profession, and community
Caring for children in pain : nursing knowledge, activities and outcomes
The effect of work stressors on the quality of clinical care and the private life of nurses
Storytelling of Cooperative Team Meetings in Acute Psychiatric Care
Discussing anorexia : a conversation analytical study on treatment discussions between anorexic patients and professionals
The experiences and perfection of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Workplace safety
A comparison of personal and professional cultures as important considerations in the recruitment of foreign nurses
Subject terms by author: psychiatric nursing, videotaped recordings, participant observation, data collection method, health service research
Sexual behavioural problems with dementia patients : nurses`s point of view
Abstract: Multicultural or Transcultural nursing is globally an important aspect of nursing today. it is very important for all healthcare providers to be aware of the existence of cultural differences and appreciate the differences of multiple and various differentiations in healthcare values, beliefs and customs. This knowledge helps in providing a holistic care to the patients. This final project was a part of the LOG-Sote a large research project that focuses on the health issues of ethnic minorities. The purpose of this final project study was to describe patients and families experiences of healthcare services received in multicultural environment. Eight research articles were used for the literature review. The data were collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL AND PUBMED. The articles found described the patients and family members' experiences in different healthcare environment. Two categories and subcategories were found in the patients' and families' experiences. Stress and culture; they are faced with overwhelming stress such as fear about uncertain outcomes of illness, lack of communication and information, changes in roles and responsibility, vulnerability, emotional turmoil and financial concerns, disappointments from the healthcare setting and societal discrimination and migration. However, they depend on their cultural beliefs and values, it protection and their religious practices and this also increase the anxiety. Majority of the participants had experienced stress and felt they had been treated in a biased way. Few participant in the research articled analyzed expressed satisfaction in the care received. Hospitalized patients and families are subjected to stress and this invariably affects the quality of care they receive. This signifies there is a need for more educational awareness in multiculturalism and in its competence.
"Feminization" of medicine and changing professional identities
A management model for physical risks in the care work
HIV/AIDS care in Malawi : experiences of Malawian nurses on factors affecting HIV/AIDS patient care
A criminal feigns insanity and is admitted to a mental hospital where he challenges the autocratic authority of the head nurse.
What are students' views of (loving) caring in nursing education in Finland?
KNOWLEDGE AND ATTITUDES OF NURSES TOWARDS PAIN MANAGEMENT AMONG THE ELDERLY  : A case study of registered nurses from the local healthcare centers, Kokkola
Advance care planning : communicating about matters of life and death
Patient initiatives in psychiatric care concerning shame in the discussion in co-operative team meetings
Recognition of depressive elderly people in health care services
Effective communication skills for health professionals
Effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
How do chinese immigrants experience the Finnish health care system and does it meet their needs : in the metropolitan area in Finland
End-of-life ethics and the nursing assistant
Ophthalmic care
The new leadership challenge : creating the future of nursing
Culture and climate 2: a study of work climate in a geriatric hospital
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Stress and burnout among nurses in Addis Ababa
Understanding patients' voices : a multi-method approach to health discourse
Shared-rhythm cooperation in cooperative team meetings in acute psychiatric inpatient care
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Community health care nursing : principles for practice
Abstract: Planning, implementation  and evaluation of updating training on oral health care of ageing persons for the nursing staff of the Suokatu block of service flats.
Postoperative pain management in hospitalized children : focus on non-pharmacological pain relieving methods from the viewpoints of nurses, parents and children
Swedish forensic psychiatric nursing care : nurse's views of values, theories and practice
Nursing and working with other people
Postgraduate education in public health at the Nordic school of public health
Nurses' occupational stress in primary health care : evaluated in connection to organizational social context
'Curing queers' : mental nurses and their patients, 1935-74
Self-injurious behavior : assessment and treatment
Abstract.
Summary in Finnish.
Clinical supervision for nurses
Health professions and occupations
Multicultural competence in nursing: experience of patients and families.
Helping grieving people : when tears are not enough : a handbook for care providers
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
Understanding disability : a guide for health professionals
Abstract: Health care workforce is becoming culturally more diverse globally. Nurses migrating from one country to another might face specific challenges in their integration such as discrimi-nation and language difficulties. Many misunderstandings are likely to occur due to cultural differences.    The purpose of this final project was to chart scientific research articles to introduce management strategies that promote the wellbeing of a culturally diverse nursing staff. The specific research question that was intended to answer was: What kinds of management strategies promote the wellbeing of a culturally diverse nursing staff?    CINAHL database was used to conduct a literature review. Research articles published between 2001-2012 and written in English language or Finnish that were able to answer the research question and that do not concentrate on expatriation were included in this literature review if full texts of the articles were accessed. Altogether 21 articles were included. Inductive content analysis was applied to analyze the data.    Three generic categories including three to five subcategories were formed. The categories are: (1) Organizational support: Managerial support, Emotional support, Social support, Additional support and Provision of formal networks; (2) Provision of education: Education and training, Language support, Orientation programs and Time; and (3) Nature of working environment: Working conditions, Favorable working environment and Fairness and Equality.    Promotion of wellbeing of culturally diverse nursing staff requires many interventions and a lot of efforts.   A holistic approach is important, as can be seen from various perspectives appearing in the categories that were identified. The most important thing seems to be consideration of the needs of newly arrived nurses and interest in their supporting. They need not only educational and practical, but also emotional and peer support in an envi-ronment where equality and fairness can take place. .
Moral leadership of nurse executives
A nurse's survival quide to primary care
The Acute Care Nurse Practitioner
Internet as a trade union tool : WageIndicator and Finnish nurses as an example
Interprofessional working for health and social care
Interpersonal communication in nursing : theory and practice
It's a jungle out there : a quantitative study on the nurses level of knowledge on infection control
Connecting through music with people with dementia : a guide for caregivers
Collaboration in care : design of a mobile health platform to support care management of cystic fibrosis
The caregiving dilemma : work in an American nursing home
Palliative care : the nursing role
The advanced technologies being used in diagnosis and care within modern medicine, whilst supporting and making medical practices possible, may also conflict with established traditions of medicine and care. What happens to the patient in a technologized medical environment? How are doctors', nurses' and medical scientists' practices changed when artefacts are involved? How is knowledge negotiated, or relations of power reconfigured? Technology and Medical Practice addresses these developments and dilemmas, focusing on various practices with technologies within hospitals and sociotechnical systems of care.Combining science and technology studies with medical sociology, the history of medicine and feminist approaches to science, this book presents analyses of artefacts-in-use across a variety of settings within the UK, USA and Europe, and will appeal to sociologists, anthropologists and scholars of science and technology alike.
A method for evaluating the load of patient transfers
Health in your hands : a systematic review of hand hygiene literature in health care settings to decrease hospital-associated infection
This Bachelor's thesis has been produced in cooperation with Tampere University Hospital (TUH) between falls of 2009 and 2010. The purpose of this thesis is to map the knowledge nurses have on infection control in TUH. The thesis was implemented by means of a quantitative research in which the tool was a questionnaire of thirty-one (31) right-wrong statements. There were 38 responses that all were used in the analyzing phase.    The results of the research show that nurses working on TUH outpatient clinics have already some education on the topic. Nevertheless more education is needed according to the gained results. The whole thesis process was based on four bundles (Appendix 4). The statements were divided and analyzed under these four bundles.
Recruiting skilled orderlies for health care organization
Decision making approaches and modules applied by Estonian nurse practitioners
Rapid research methods for nurses, midwives, and health professionals
