http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16052 anthems
anthems
The Best football anthems in the world : 13 classic footie songs from Match of the Day to Three Lions
The Thousand-armed Avalokiteśvara
Southern journey. Volume 9 : Harp of a thousand strings
Choral music from King's College, Cambridge
Reconstructing honor in Roman Philippi : Carmen Christi as cursus pudorum
A collection of scholarly essays on the Homeric Hymns, a corpus of 33 Greek hymns often attributed in antiquity to Homer. The essays explore the literary qualities of the poems and their place within the historical and social contexts of ancient Greece.
Peter Abelard on imagery : theory and practice with special reference to his hymns
Favourite anthem book. 1, Twenty-five anthems for SATB
Beautiful Hymns and Spirituals
The Josquin companion
Homeric hymns, Homeric apocrypha, lives of Homer
Performances of Greek epics customarily began with a hymn to a god or goddess-as Hesiod's Theogony and Works and Days do. A collection of thirty-three such poems has come down to us from antiquity under the title "Hymns of Homer." This new Loeb Classical Library volume contains, in addition to the Hymns, fragments of five comic poems that were connected with Homer's name in or just after the Classical period (but are not today believed to be by the author of the Iliad and the Odyssey). Here too is a collection of ancient accounts of the poet's life. The Hymns range widely in length: two are over 500 lines long; several run only a half dozen lines. Among the longest are the hymn To Demeter, which tells the foundational story of the Eleusinian Mysteries; and To Hermes, distinctive in being amusing. The comic poems gathered as Homeric Apocrypha include Margites, the Battle of Frogs and Mice, and, for the first time in English, a fragment of a perhaps earlier poem of the same type called Battle of the Weasel and the Mice. The edition of Lives of Homer contains The Contest of Homer and Hesiod and nine other biographical accounts, translated into English for the first time.
The Cannibal hymn : a cultural and literary study
Kassia the nun in context : the religious thought of a ninth-century Byzantine monastic
Hymn to Thais : Hymni Thaisille = Hymn till Thais
The English hymn : studies in a genre
Study on the Buddhist deity Avalokitesvara, with reconstruction of the original Sanskrit text of the hymn, from the Chinese fragmentary Bhagavad-dharma Amoghavarjra, Vajrabodhi, and Chih-t'ung and from Korean, Sogdian and Tibetan texts. One chapter is devoted to the iconography of the Thousand-armed Avalokitesvara. The sound cassette contains recitations of the hymn in Korean, Japanese, and Chinese.
The Hymn to Hermes, while surely the most amusing of the so-called Homeric Hymns, also presents an array of challenging problems. In just 580 lines, the newborn god invents the lyre and sings a hymn to himself, travels from Cyllene to Pieria to steal Apollo's cattle, organizes a feast at the river Alpheios where he serves the meat of two of the stolen animals, cunningly defends his innocence, and is finally reconciled to Apollo, to whom he gives the lyre in exchange for the cattle. This book provides the first detailed commentary devoted specifically to this unusual poem since Radermacher's 1931 edition. The commentary pays special attention to linguistic, philological, and interpretive matters. It is preceded by a detailed introduction that addresses the Hymn's ideas on poetry and music, the poem's humour, the Hymn's relation to other archaic hexameter literature both in thematic and technical aspects, the poem's reception in later literature, its structure, the issue of its date and place of composition, and the question of its transmission. The critical text, based on F. Càssola's edition, is equipped with an apparatus of formulaic parallels in archaic hexameter poetry as well as possible verbal echoes in later literature.
Time will pronounce : the 1992 commissions
Southern journey. Volume 4 : Brethren, we meet again
Three alliterative saints' hymns : late Middle English stanzaic poems
Home to thanksgiving : songs of thanks and praise
Favourite anthem book. 8 : Twenty anthems for SATB
An annotated anthology of hymns
For all the Saints : Hymns of Ralph Vaughan Williams
Anthems from King's : english choral favourites
Hymns of praise for all keyboards
Seven royal hymns of the Ramesside period : Papyrus Turin CG 54031
Hymnic narrative and the narratology of Greek hymns
Three choral hymns
The Best of Mahalia Jackson
Simply the best classical anthems
Great wedding : songs & hymns
Choral edition. Volume 1
The image of the Virgin Mary in the Akathistos hymn
A brief history of Korea
Lift every voice and sing : a celebration of the Negro national anthem : 100 years, 100 voices
Karaite zĕmīrōt in Poland-Lithuania : a study of paraliturgical Karaite Hebrew poems from the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
The earliest Christian hymnbook : the Odes of Solomon
The Solent : fifty years of music by Ralph Vaughan Williams
The Homeric Hymns have survived for two and a half millennia because of their captivating stories, beautiful language, and religious significance. Well before the advent of writing in Greece, they were performed by traveling bards at religious events, competitions, banquets, and festivals. Thirty-four poems that invoke and celebrate the gods of ancient Greece, the Homeric Hymns raise questions that humanity still struggles with - questions about our place among others and in the world.
The Homeric hymn to Hermes
On Yoolis Night : Medieval Carols & Motets
Choral and organ music
Favourite anthem book. 7 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
National anthems from around the world : piano, vocal, guitar : the official national anthems, flags, and anthem histories from 56 countries
Hymn and epic : a study of their interplay in Homer and the Homeric hymns
15 very easy hymns for piano accompaniment
The Homeric hymns : interpretative essays
A selection from your 100 best hymns
Favourite anthem book. 1 : Twenty-five anthems for SATB
Favourite anthem book. 5 : Thirty anthems for unison and two parts / arranged by Richard Lloyd
Rejoice in the lamb op 30 ; A Wedding Anthem (Amo ergo sum) op 46 ; Festival Te Deum op 32 ; A Boy was born op 3
Simple and bold : Ephrem's art of symbolic thought
Cædmon's Hymn : a multimedia study, archive and edition
Hymnologica Slavica. Bd. 1, Hymnologica Bohemica, Slovaca, Polonica, Sorabica : Notendruck des 16. bis 18. Jahrhunderts
Auld lang syne : words to songs you used to know
A further greek hymn from Signia
Christ in the early Christian hymns
The Homeric hymns
Sacred music from Tudor & Elizabethan England for guitar
The Assyrian and Hebrew hymns of praise
Songs of Nepal : an anthropology of Nevar folksongs and hymns
Simply the best classical anthems : 38 of the most powerful classics on earth
The Cloud Messenger, H111
Adoration of the Ram : five hymns to Amun-Re from Hibis temple
The realistic  and supernatural order of the world presented in Prudentius' Peristephanon
Hymns to the Virgin & Christ, The parliament of devils, and other religious poems, chiefly from the Archbishop of Canterbury's Lambeth ms. no. 853
"Twas as space sat singing to herself, and men" : situating Dickinson's relation to hymn culture -- The hymn : a form of devotion? -- Theorising hymnic space : language, subjectivity, and re-visioning the divine -- Making the sublime ridiculous : Emily Dickinson and Isaac Watts -- "The prospect oft my strength renews" : spiritual transport in the hymns of Phoebe Hinsdale Brown and Eliza Lee Follen -- Tracing Dickinson's bee imagery -- "Why floods be served to us in bowls, I speculate no more" : reading Dickinson's strategy.
In "Isaiah Shembe's Hymns and the Sacred Dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha," Nkosinathi Sithole explores the hymns of Prophet Isaiah Shembe and the sacred dance in Ibandla LamaNazaretha, and offers an emic perspective on the Church which has attracted scholars from different disciplines. "Isaiah Shembe s Hymns and the Sacred Dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha" posits that in the hymns, Shembe found a powerful medium through which he could voice his concerns as an African in colonial times, while praising and worshipping God. Sithole also refutes claims by some scholars that the sacred dance was a response to colonialism and oppression, showing that in fact the sacred dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha is considered to be a form of worship and is thought to exist on earth and in heaven."
101 hymns and sacred songs : tri-chord arrangements
Songs that made history around the world
Lamentations of Jeremiah
Miscellaneous hymns : Middle Persian and Parthian hymns in theTurfan Collection
The story of war : church and propaganda in France and Sweden 1610–1710
Ephrem the Syrian's hymns on the unleavened bread
Epics, hymns, omens and other texts
Classic anthems : for mixed-voice choirs
Isaiah Shembe's hymns and the sacred dance in Ibandla lamaNazaretha
Virginity recast : Romanos and the mother of God
Sacred song from the Byzantine pulpit : Romanos the Melodist
Traditional hymns
Divine eros : hymns of St. Symeon, the New Theologian
Fantasies & verse anthems
Britten choral edition. Volume 1
The source hymns : 20 favourite hymns
The Gibbons hymnal : hymns and anthems
Emily Dickinson and hymn culture : tradition and experience
Favourite hymns and carols
The power and the glory
Music from the reign of King James I
The harp of glory : Enzira sebhat ; an alphabetical hymn of praise for the ever-blessed Virgin Mary from the Ethiopian Orthodox Church
Music for a Wedding Day
Pasted into Bibles, schoolbooks, and hearts, "Lift every voice and sing," written by J. Rosamond Johnson and James Weldon Johnson in 1900, has become one of the most beloved songs in the African American community - taught for years in schools, churches, and civic organizations. Adopted by the NAACP as its official song in the 1920s and sung throughout the civil rights movement, it is still heard today at gatherings across America. [...] In celebration of the song's centennial, Julian Bond and Sondra Kathryn Wilson have collected one hundred essays by artists, educators, politicians, and activists reflecting on their personal experiences with the song. Also featuring photos from historical archives, Lift every voice and sing is a moving illustration of the African American experience in the past century.
On liturgical hymn melodies in Sweden during the Middle Ages
Sarum chant
