http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16039 common land
common land
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Social policy and economic development in the Nordic countries
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
The challenges of the Medvedev era
The lowland
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Trends in EU-Russia trade, aid and cooperation
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
This book looks both backward and forward with regard to the European Union's political strategies towards its neighbouring countries. By bringing together the perspectives of critical geopolitics, policy studies and border studies, it presents a comprehensive review of the European Neighbourhood Policy and how it impacts the ongoing construction of the EU's external frontiers. Is the EU committed to promoting integration in a 'wider' European space, or is a "fortress Europe" emerging where the strengthening of internal cohesion is coupled with the militarisation of its external borders? The book aims to problematize this question by showing how the EU's external policies are based on a mixture of openness and closure, inclusion and exclusion, cooperation and securitisation. The European Neighbourhood Policy is a controversial strategy where regionalization and bordering, homogenisations and differentiations, centrifugal and centripetal forces proceed side-by-side, in an explicit attempt to construct a selective, mobile and fragmented border. A specific focus is devoted to the diversity of geo-strategies the EU is pursuing in its neighbouring countries and regions, macro-regional strategies and cross-border cooperation initiatives as new scales of cooperation, and the role of other global players.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
Abstract.
Knowledge, space, economy
People attach commonly approved social values subjectively to landscape. These values vary spatially and can be studied in geographical context. In sustainable management of cultural landscapes, social values should be taken into account as professionally as the analysis of physical landscape features. This case study applies participatory and GIS techniques in the mapping and geographical analysis of social landscape values in a multifunctional cultural landscape in Zanzibar island, Tanzania. Social landscape data were collected with single-informant interviews using participatory GIS (PGIS) techniques. Four different social landscape values (subsistence, traditional, aesthetic and leisure) were mapped on an orthophotoimage individually by 149 informants. Data were spatially and statistically analysed to construct understanding of the community level patterns of the social landscape values. Results show geographical differences between individually and collectively held values in their distribution and clustering across the landscape. These patterns reflect local culture and its interpretation of different social landscape values. Results address the importance of local stakeholder participation when spatial planning and management of multifunctional cultural landscapes are realized. The paper discusses these management implication and methodological challenges of using participatory GIS techniques in studying cultural landscapes.
China and other emerging actors in Africa
Social resilience and civic entrepreneurship in self-help organizations : case study of the Kibera slum project
Privatizing public lands
Article 27 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Internet : a study evaluating role of prosumers, authors and corporations in the information society
Common lands, common people : the origins of conservation in northern New England
International business : the new realities
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
"The conclusion of the Red Rising trilogy. Born a lowly Red in the mines of Mars, Darrow lost his beloved wife to the treacherous Gold overlords. Vowing to fight for the future that his wife believed in, Darrow joins a secret revolutionary group and is remade into a Gold so that he can infiltrate the ruling class and bring them down from the inside. Now, after years of hiding amongst the Golds, Darrow is finally ready to declare open revolution and throw off the chains of oppression. Nothing in Darrow's world has been easily won, and this final fight will be the most harrowing of all"
Geographical information systems and science
Budget support policy/political dialogue : donor practices in handling (political) crises
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
The European Commission’s Social Business Initiative in Terms of Finland : Evaluating the Strengths and Weaknesses of the Social Business Initiative in Relation to Finland’s Environment for Social Entrepreneurship
Global South Development magazine
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Towards global and sustainable higher education : the GLORE project fostering north-south partnerships in Finnish universities of applied sciences
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
Brand aid : shopping well to save the world
Commons protected for or from the people : co-management in the Swedish mountain region?
Abstract in English.
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Complexities of project interactions in Nicaraguan rural development
Natural resource governance and EITI implementation in Nigeria
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Neighbourhood policy and the construction of the European external borders
Golden age : a novel
Improving virtual teamwork in an international project
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
Geographical impacts of financial integration
This volume examines the relationship between Nordic social policy and economic development from a comparative perspective. It identifies the driving forces behind the development of the Nordic welfare model and the problems and dilemmas the model is facing at present. The book also traces the link between democratization and social policy, drawing attention to the role of the state and non-governmental organizations. Social Policy and Economic Development in Nordic Countries examines Nordic social policies on unemployment, social care, family, education and health care policies, and reviews future challenges of the welfare state in the information society.
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Power, dominance and the invisible practice of privilege : saving the other in the world of aid. The self-actualization of a development worker in Laos
Corporate social responsibility as an intergovernmental policy agenda : public policy developments and challenges at the European Union level
Collaboration between non-governmental organizations and educational leaders in capacity development in rural South Africa
Assessing progress in Africa toward the millennium development goals : MDG report 2013 : food security in Africa : issues, challenges and lessons
Rot bilong mipela : the politics of logging in East New Britain, Papua New Guinea
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
In their Natural Resource Governance and EITI Implementation in Nigeria, Musa Abutudu and Dauda Garuba provide the most up-to-date and in-depth analysis of the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI), providing a balanced yet critical evaluation of its performance, limitations and potential as an institution for helping Africa's largest oil exporter to escape the so called resource curse and lay a firm basis for sustainable development. This Current African Issue contains valuable insights and information that will be of interest to all those with a keen interest in institutionalising transparency and accountability in natural resource governance in Africa.
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Finland – Russia  Business cooperation 2014 - 2015
And the mountains echoed
Access to land and land policy reforms
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
The management of common land in north west Europe, c. 1500-1850
Motives for overseas missions : the good, the bad and the ugly
Democracy by decree : prospects and limits of imposed consociational democracy in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
The core of the sun
Local partnerships for rural development : the European experience
European Union and the developing nation's external debt: EU-15's debt policy, 1960-2008
The world social forum and the globalization of social movements and public spheres
What is the world of the 21st century like now that the centrality of the West is no longer given? How were the societies and cultures of today's world together with their interconnections forged, and what is driving human society in our times? In short, what is the state of the world today as we enter the second decade of the 21st century? This is the first book which deals with planetary human society as whole. It is a beginner's guide to the world after the West and after globalization, compact, portable, and jargon-free. It is aimed at everybody who, even with experience, has kept a begi.
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
Aid for trade at a glance 2013 : connecting to value chains
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Inside the European consensus on development and trade : analysing the EU's normative power and policy coherence for development in global governance
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
The globalization reader
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Re-articulating information society discourse(s) : a cultural studies approach to postcolonial locale(s)
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Financial markets are usually seen as forerunners in globalization, since the immaterial and weightless nature of finance seems to make geography less relevant than in most other industries. This picture of finance as the most global of businesses, however, is only partly true. For some parts of the financial markets, geography has lost its importance already a long time ago, but there are others where international and regional integration is still incomplete and on-going. Globally, the most important of the on-going processes is the financial opening up of the big emerging market economies, which poses huge challenges for international policy coordination and the development of institutions; at the European level, retail banking markets and payments systems are still very fragmented and a lot of work is needed to achieve the goal of a single market at least in the euro area. Finally, at the subnational level, the impact of financial integration is mostly felt through the changes in the variety of services and customer relationships available to SME's and households. At each of these levels, financial integration holds great promise in terms of growth, efficiency and economic opportunities, but also requires significant adjustments in public policy and private business performance.
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
Norwegian support to Bunda College of Agriculture - phase II : an evaluation
Environmental policy in the European Union
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
Joint ventures in agriculture : lessons from land reform projects in South Africa
Rural tourism and sustainable business
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
The world : a beginner's guide
Russia now ranks among the world's ten largest economies and continues to experience rapid growth. Industrial investment and real incomes are soaring. Federal finances are in excellent shape, giving the government a welcome opportunity to invest in long-term development of human capital, improvement of living conditions and bolstering of the country's infrastructure. Fixing Russia, however, is not without its challenges. For long-neglected sectors such as health care and education, financial infusions alone will be insufficient to bring change - structural reforms are needed. Double-digit inflation has also returned after slowing throughout most of the 2000s. The rise in prices has been driven by a global increase in food prices, along with a number of domestic factors. Finland has benefited from Russia's economic growth, and exports to Russia have risen rapidly even with the loss of market share to competitors. Energy's significance for the Russian economy remains large and the country has huge opportunities to improve its efficiency of energy use and production through e.g. price deregulation. While the direction is clear, the road ahead for Russia will not be easy. Russia seeks to become a leading global innovator over the medium term - a perhaps overambitious goal given the starting point.  Key words: Russia, economy, social issues, foreign trade, energy.
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The great degeneration : how institutions decay and economies die
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
EU annual report on human rights 2008
While the European Union and Russia are actively working to strengthen their relations, the challenge of effective cooperation can only be called problematic given the pressures faced by an expanding EU and the dynamics of present-day Russia.Nevertheless, the arguments for improving relations for both parties are overwhelming as closer ties ultimately promote the economic prosperity and political stability of the entire region. EU-Russian cooperation is presently based on the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement (PCA).The EU and Russia have also agreed to start discussions on creation of a free trade area. While the framework of cooperation is already in place, implementation of the PCA will demand greater resources than current capacity allows.Russia will bear the heaviest burden as it will have to develop functions longestablished in the EU.To ease this transition, the EU provides technical assistance to Russia through its Tacis programme and similar programmes.These constitute a good-faith commitment on the part of the EU to a functioning market economy, political democracy as well as a working system of education and social welfare in Russia. Both parties acknowledge the other's importance as a trading partner currently, trade mainly consits of oil, natural gas and refined metals exported by Russia and machinery and vechiles exported by the EU.The asymmetry of this relationship complicates competition and trade policy.Russia's competitive weaknesses in certain sectors make it very tempting to revert to protectionist pressures which will hinder liberalization of trade and potentially jeopardize the implementation of the PCA. Although critics have called attention to the excessive optimism and impracticalities of the PCA and Tacis, they nevertheless concede that their spirit embodies a willingness by both parties to promote better relations.And despite obvious areas of contention between the EU and Russia (especially in trade policies), there has been a consistent willingness to discuss positions and seek mutually acceptable solutions.Given the general complexity of EU-Russia relations, this willingness to sort things out will be fundamental to all future progress. Keywords: Russia, EU, integration, foreign trade, partnership and cooperation agreement .
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Mobile technology, gender and development in  Africa, India and Bangladesh
Participatory mapping and geographical patterns of the social landscape values of rural communities in Zanzibar, Tanzania
Dream society? Ubiquitous society? No society? : futures for Finland and the world as seen from a small pacific island
OECD economic outlook
Good people
