http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1606 fatigue tests
fatigue tests
Spectrum fatigue testing for materials characterization
Thermally induced ultra high cycle fatigue of copper alloys of the high gradient accelerating structures
Fatigue life analyses of welded structures
Simulation of structural stress history based on dynamic analysis
Fatigue Design 1998 : Espoo, Finland, 26-29 May, 1998. Vol. 1
Proceedings of the IIW Fatigue Seminar 2003 : 11-12.3.2003, Lappeenranta University of Technology
Fatigue of asphalt mixes
Autoclave facility for materials testing and sensor development in simulated process environments
Fatigue tests of CO2-laser, CO2-laser hybrid and submerged arc welded material of RAEX S275 laser. Volume 1
Failure mechanisms of advanced welding processes
Fatigue tests of CO2-laser, CO2-laser hybrid and submerged arc welded material of RAEX S275 laser. Volume 2
IIW recommendations for the HFMI treatment : for improving the fatigue strength of welded joints
Fatigue testing and analysis : theory and practice
Fatigue in composites : science and technology of the fatigue response of fibre-reinforced plastics
An Introduction to measurements using strain gages
Fatigue life prediction of composites and composite structures
Fundamentals of metal fatigue analysis
Abstract.
Introduction to high temperature oxidation and corrosion
Fatigue testing using offshore load spectrum
The determination of the mode II fatigue threshold with a cast iron ENF specimen
Fatigue of structures and materials
ASM handbook. Volume 8, Mechanical testing and evaluation
Provides an overview of HFMI techniques existing today in the market and their proper procedures, quality assurance measures and documentation. Presents procedures for the fatigue life assessment based on nominal stress, structural hot spot stress and effective notch stress. Offers proposals on the effect of loading conditions like high mean stress fatigue cycles, variable amplitude loading and large amplitude/low cycle fatigue cycles.
Nominal stress range fatigue of stainless steel fillet welds
Fatigue Design 1998 : Espoo, Finland, 26-29 May, 1998. Vol. 2
Realistic artificial flaws for NDE qualification : a novel manufacturing method based on thermal fatigue
High temperature fatigue tests
A modified nominal stress method for fatigue assessment of steel plates with thermally cut edges
ASM handbook. Volume 19, Fatigue and fracture
Fatigue damage accumulation of a high performance thermoplastic reinforced with carbon fibers
