http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16014 probability
probability
Probability, statistics, & reliability for engineers
Introduction to finite probability
The perfect bet : how science and maths are taking the luck out of gambling
Induction, probability and causation : selected papers
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Probability in the philosophy of religion
Sharp martingale and semimartingale inequalities
This self-contained monograph focuses on recent important developments in the study of random fields, stochastic processes defined over high dimensional parameter spaces. While it replaces Adler's 1981 classic, "The Geometry of Random Fields", this is not an update, but a completely new work with a completely new way of handling both the geometry and the probability that are its central themes.There are three quite distinct parts to the monograph. Part I provides a comprehensive background to the general theory of Gaussian random fields, treating classical topics such as continuity and boundedness, entropy and majorising measures, Borell and Slepian inequalities. The treatment is didactic and user-friendly. Part II is about Geometry, both integral and Riemannian, and the material included here is what is needed for the over-riding probabilistic theme of the book. It contains a quick review of both these geometric settings, followed by carefully presented introductions to topics such as Crofton formulae, curvature measures for stratified manifolds, critical point theory and tube formulae. This is the only place in which all these topics, necessary for the study of random fields can be found in a concise, self-contained, treatment. The most important part of the book is in Part III, which is about the geometry of excursion sets of random fields and the related - Euler characteristic approach - to extremal probabilities. This part contains path-breaking material of both theoretical and practical importance and is unique in the way in which it intertwines probabilistic and geometric problems. Applications of this theory, which are significant and cover areas as widespread as brain imaging, physical oceanography and astrophysics, will be treated in a separate volume with Keith Worsley. This monograph will be of interest to probabilists and statisticians, both applied and theoretical, along with mathematicians interested in learning about new relationships between geometry and probability. It is also a basic reference text for those who will eventually be interested mainly in the companion volume of applications. Given the clear and pedagogical style of the book and the current importance of research in random fields, this comprehensive and definitive work will serve as an indispensable reference work, while at the same time being an excellent text for self study and graduate courses in probability, statistics, analysis and geometry.
Probability, confirmation, and simplicity : readings in the philosophy of inductive logic
The book is intended to provide readers with an introduction to probability theory and the analytic ideas and tools on which the modern theory relies. It includes more than 750 exercises. Much of the content has undergone significant revision. In particular, the treatment of Levy processes has been rewritten, and a detailed account of Gaussian measures on a Banach space is given. The first part of the book deals with independent random variables, Central Limit phenomena, and the construction of Levy processes, including Brownian motion. Conditioning is developed and applied to discrete parameter martingales in Chapter 5, Chapter 6 contains the ergodic theorem and Burkholder's inequality, and continuous parameter martingales are discussed in Chapter 7. Chapter 8 is devoted to Gaussian measures on a Banach space, where they are treated from the abstract Wiener space perspective. The abstract theory of weak convergence is developed in Chapter 9, which ends with a proof of Donsker's Invariance Principle. The concluding two chapters contain applications of Brownian motion to the analysis of partial differential equations and potential theory.
Mathematics for computing
Contemporary communication systems
Utility and probability
Representation of self-similar Gaussian processes
Elementary probability for applications
Measure, integral and probability
Probability and statistics : in psychological research and theory
Optimum inductive methods : a study in inductive probability, Bayesian statistics, and verisimilitude
Probability theory : an analytic view
Foundations of Bayesianism
Willful ignorance : the mismeasure of uncertainty
Contemporary Communication Systems provides a comprehensive introduction to analog and digital communication systems. In addition to a logical and easy-to-understand presentation of fundamental principles, the book engages students in the issues relevant to system and product implementation by integrating a discussion of theoretical concepts with extensive hands-on visual and simulation resources that reinforce learning. A unique feature of the book is sufficient coverage of important topics in digital communications including compression, multiplexing and synchronization techniques. The book also explores the impact of semiconductor revolution (Moore's law) and software technologies in the realization of modern digital communication systems. -- Publisher.
Likelihood : expanded edition
Probability towards 2000 : [symposium held at Columbia University, New York, October 2-6, 1995]
Likelihood-based inference in models for repeated categorical responses
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of probability
Mathematical methods of reliability theory
Modern probability theory and its applications
Elements of probability theory
Identifiability in stochastic models : characterization of probability distributions
Bayesian epistemology
Mathematics : M245 probality and statistics. Unit 1, Chance
Probability and the art of judgement
Probability and stochastic processes : with a view toward applications
Business statistics : a multimedia guide to concepts and applications
Maximum likelihood estimation and inference : with examples in R, SAS, and ADMB
Elements of applied probability : for engineering, mathematics and systems science
An introduction to probability theory
Handbook of defesiable reasoning and uncertainty management systems. Volume 1, Quantified representation of uncertainty and imprecision
Modelling the rejection probability of a quality test consisting of multiple measurements
Logic : inquiry, argument, and order
Probability and algorithms
Reply to Kennedy et al. : Katrina storm records in tide gauges
Lecturing birds on flying : can mathematical theories destroy the financial markets?
"Designed for a one-semester advanced undergraduate or graduate course, Statistical Theory: A Concise Introduction clearly explains the underlying ideas and principles of major statistical concepts, including parameter estimation, confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, asymptotic analysis, Bayesian inference, and elements of decision theory. It introduces these topics on a clear intuitive level using illustrative examples in addition to the formal definitions, theorems, and proofs. Based on the authors' lecture notes, this student-oriented, self-contained book maintains a proper balance between the clarity and rigor of exposition. In a few cases, the authors present a 'sketched' version of a proof, explaining its main ideas rather than giving detailed technical mathematical and probabilistic arguments. Chapters and sections marked by asterisks contain more advanced topics and may be omitted. A special chapter on linear models shows how the main theoretical concepts can be applied to the well-known and frequently used statistical tool of linear regression.Requiring no heavy calculus, simple questions throughout the text help students check their understanding of the material. Each chapter also includes a set of exercises that range in level of difficulty"--
Probability and random processes for engineers and scientists
Likelihood methods in statistics
Uncertainty and intelligent information systems
Unstable singularities and randomness : their importance in the complexity of physical, biological, and social sciences
On distance distributions in networks
Measure theory
Projected Atlantic hurricane surge threat from rising temperatures
Maximum likelihood estimation : logic and practice
Basic probability theory
Experts in uncertainty : opinion and subjective probability in science
The philosophy of Keynes's economics : probability, uncertainty and convention
Applied statistics for business and management using Microsoft Excel
Uncertainty : the soul of modeling, probability & statistics
"Preface This book is intended as a textbook for a one-term course in statistical theory for advanced undergraduates in statistics, mathematics or other related fields although at least parts of it may be useful for graduates as well. Although there exist many good books on the topic, having taught a one-term Statistical Theory course during the years we felt that it is somewhat hard to recommend a particular one as a proper textbook to undergraduate students in statistics. Some of the existing textbooks with a primary focus on rigorous formalism, in our view, do not explain sufficiently clearly the underlying ideas and principles of the main statistical concepts, and are more suitable for graduates. Some others are "all-inclusive" textbooks that include a variety of topics in statistics that make them "too heavy" for a one-term course in statistical theory. Our main motivation was to propose a more "student-oriented" self-contained textbook designed for a one-term course on statistical theory that would introduce basic statistical concepts first on a clear intuitive level with illustrative examples in addition to the (necessary!) formal definitions, theorems and proofs. It is based on our lecture notes. We tried to keep a proper balance between the clarity and rigorousness of exposition. In a few cases we preferred to present a "sketched" version of a proof explaining its main ideas or even to give it up at all rather then to follow detailed technical mathematical and probabilistic arguments. The interested reader can complete those proofs from other existing books on mathematical statistics (see the bibliography)"--
Heuristics, probability, and causality : a tribute to Judea Pearl
The role of second-order probabilities in decision making
The number mysteries : a mathematical odyssey through every day life
Aspects of inductive logic
The canon : the beautiful basics of science
Between probability and certainty : what justifies belief
Introduction to probability models
The art of probability for scientists and engineers
"This book is the first to provide an accessible and practical introduction to likelihood modeling, supported by examples and software, and is suitable for the applied scientist"--
Elements of finite probability
The foundations of scientific inference
The statistical analysis of failure time data
The interpretation of probabilities : a summary
The improbability principle : why coincidences, miracles and rare events happen all the time
Collection of problems in probability theory
Logical foundations of probability
Statistics and decisions : an introduction to foundations
Business statistics
Chance, luck and statistics : the science of chance
Quantum adaptivity in biology : from genetics to cognition
Sampling from scarcely defined distributions : methods and applications in data mining
Philosophical theories of probability
Chances are ... : adventures in probability
Reliability-based design
Introduction to probability and statistics
Mathematics : M245 probality and statistics. Unit 3, Introducing random variables
Modern probability theory : an introductory textbook
Bayesian approach to global optimization : theory and applications
Studies in logic and probability
Probabilistic transmission system planning
Probability and scientific inference
The analysis of binary data
Probability, statistics, and reliability for engineers and scientists
Advanced probability theory
A basic course in measure and probability : theory for applications
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
Possibilistic correlation : illustration, explanation and computation of some important cases
Theories of probability : an examination of foundations
Probability and risk analysis : an introduction for engineers
Handbook of probability : theory and applications
"Discover how maths can explain and predict the vagaries of chance. Imagine this: you are browsing used books in a bookstore hundreds of miles from home when you come across a copy of Moby Dick, which you remember reading as a child. You open it and find your own name on the inside cover. What are the chances? This is the question we ask ourselves upon encountering seemingly impossible coincidences, like the woman who won the lottery four times. But from clairvoyants to financial markets, and from unique scientific discoveries to DNA evidence, if there is any likelihood that something could happen, no matter how small, it is bound to happen to someone at some time. Coupling lively anecdotes with the principles of probability, Joseph Mazur balances the fun of a great coincidence with the logical thinking of a mathematician. With a lightness of touch and a witty turn of phrase, Mazur sweeps aside pseudoscience and conspiracy theories, proving that there are rational explanations for even the most extraordinary events."--Allen & Unwin website.
Descriptive statistics and probability theory
Games, gods and gambling : the origins and history of probability and statistical ideas from the earliest times to the Newtonian era
Classic Problems of Probability
A philosophical essay on probabilities
Mathematics of probability
Philosophical foundations of probability theory
Knowledge and lotteries
Probability : a graduate course
Everyday probability and statistics : health, elections, gambling and war
Probability theory
Random walks on reductive groups
Biostatistics for animal science : an introductory text
Estimation of energy detection thresholds and error probability for amplitude-modulated short-range communication radios
Probability and stochastics
Probability and statistics for scientists and engineers
Probability : a very short introduction
Fluke : the maths and myths of coincidences
Fundamentals of applied probability theory
Readings in philosophical analysis
Business mathematics & statistics
Probability and the logic of rational belief
"An original account of willful ignorance and how this principle relates to modern probability and statistical methods Through a series of colorful stories about great thinkers and the problems they chose to solve, the author traces the historical evolution of probability and explains how statistical methods have helped to propel scientific research. However, the past success of statistics has depended on vast, deliberate simplifications amounting to willful ignorance, and this very success now threatens future advances in medicine, the social sciences, and other fields. Limitations of existing methods result in frequent reversals of scientific findings and recommendations, to the consternation of both scientists and the lay public.Willful Ignorance: The Mismeasure of Uncertainty exposes the fallacy of regarding probability as the full measure of our uncertainty. The book explains how statistical methodology, though enormously productive and influential over the past century, is approaching a crisis. The deep and troubling divide between qualitative and quantitative modes of research, and between research and practice, are reflections of this underlying problem. The author outlines a path toward the re-engineering of data analysis to help close these gaps and accelerate scientific discovery. Willful Ignorance: The Mismeasure of Uncertainty presents essential information and novel ideas that should be of interest to anyone concerned about the future of scientific research. The book is especially pertinent for professionals in statistics and related fields, including practicing and research clinicians, biomedical and social science researchers, business leaders, and policy-makers"--
Expert evidence and criminal justice
Variation in forest fire ignition probability in Finland
Beyond coincidence : stories of amazing coincidences and the mystery and mathemathics that lie behind them
"Applied Likelihood Methods provides an accessible and practical introduction to likelihood modeling, supported by examples and software. The book features applications from a range of disciplines, including statistics, medicine, biology, and ecology. The methods are implemented in SAS--the most widely used statistical software package--and the data sets and SAS code are provided on a Web site, enabling the reader to use the methods to solve problems in their own work. This book serves as an ideal text for applied scientists and researchers and graduate students of statistics"--
Probabilistic contact preferences in protein-ligand and protein-protein complexes
A first course in probability
Random variables and probability distributions
An introduction to probability theory and its applications. Volume 2
Probability and statistics
Philosophical papers. Vol. 2
Probability, econometrics and truth : the methodology of econometrics
Foundations of probability
The norm chronicles : stories and numbers about danger
Principles of the theory of probability
Induction, probability, and skepticism
Decision, probability, and utility : selected readings
Introduction to probability
The improbability principle : why incredibly unlikely things keep happening
Machine learning : a probabilistic perspective : [study guide]
A theory of physical probability
Probability and inductive logic
On the effects of imposing or ignoring long memory when forecasting
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Fitting sets to probability distributions
Martin Smith explores the question of what it takes for a belief to be justified or rational. He argues that in order to have justification for believing a proposition, one's evidence must normically support it-roughly, one's evidence must make the falsity of that proposition abnormal in the sense of calling for special, independent explanation
Chance in biology : using probability to explore nature
Introduction to probability theory
The art of clausal conjecture
Fundamentals of probability : a first course
Studies in subjective probability
Propability of bark stripping damage by red deer (Cervus elaphus) in Austria
Probability theory : basic concepts, limit theorems, random processes
"This provocative new book posits how the tacit principle of "willful ignorance" has led to a deep divide between qualitative and quantitative modes of research that will increasingly constrain scientific progress unless bridged by a broadened conception of statistical methodology"--
Random fields and geometry
Bigger than chaos : understanding complexity through probability
Intended as a self-contained introduction to measure theory, this textbook also includes a comprehensive treatment of integration on locally compact Hausdorff spaces, the analytic and Borel subsets of Polish spaces, and Haar measures on locally compact groups. This second edition includes a chapter on measure-theoretic probability theory, plus brief treatments of the Banach-Tarski paradox, the Henstock-Kurzweil integral, the Daniell integral, and the existence of liftings. Measure Theory provides a solid background for study in both functional analysis and probability theory and is an excellent resource for advanced undergraduate and graduate students in mathematics. The prerequisites for this book are basic courses in point-set topology and in analysis, and the appendices present a thorough review of essential background material. The author aims to present a straightforward treatment of the part of measure theory necessary for analysis and probability' assuming only basic knowledge of analysis and topology. Each chapter includes numerous well-chosen exercises, varying from very routine practice problems to important extensions and developments of the theory; for the difficult ones there are helpful hints. It is the reviewer's opinion that the author has succeeded in his aim. In spite of its lack of new results, the selection and presentation of materials makes this a useful book for an introduction to measure and integration theory.
Probabilities and life
Chance and structure : an essay on the logical foundations of probability
Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for Hölder Continuity of Gaussian Processes
An introduction to probability theory II
Theory of probability : a critical introductory treatment. Volume 2
The concept of probability
The Oxford handbook of probability and philosophy
Statistical theory of reliability and life testing : probability models
Theoretic fit versus empirical fit : a simulation study of the performance of maximum likelihood and generalized least squares estimation in structural equations models
Fat-tailed stable distributions in value-at-risk estimation
Probability : a philosophical introduction
Probability and statistics by example. Vol. 1, Basic probability and statistics
Random sequences : academisch proefschrift
Super crunchers : how anything can be predicted
"Originating from the authors' own graduate course at the University of North Carolina, this material has been thoroughly tried and tested over many years, making the book perfect for a two-term course or for self-study. It provides a concise introduction that covers all of the measure theory and probability most useful for statisticians, including Lebesgue integration, limit theorems in probability, martingales, and some theory of stochastic processes. Readers can test their understanding of the material through the 300 exercises provided. The book is especially useful for graduate students in statistics and related fields of application (biostatistics, econometrics, finance, meteorology, machine learning, and so on) who want to shore up their mathematical foundation. The authors establish common ground for students of varied interests which will serve as a firm 'take-off point' for them as they specialize in areas that exploit mathematical machinery"--
Probability essentials
Likelihood : An account of the statistical concept of likelihood and its application to scientific inference
Likelihood : an account of the statistical concept of likelihood and its application to scientific inference
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Analysis in Banach spaces. Volume I, Martingales and Littlewood-Paley theory
Statistica e induzione = induction and statistics
Dynamic probabilistic systems. Volume 2, Semi-Markov and decision processes
The likelihood principle
A treatise of probability
Probability and evidence
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Cause and chance : causation in an indeterministic world
The design inference : eliminating chance through small probabilities
Mathematics : M245 probality and statistics. Unit 2, The language of probability
The present volume develops the theory of integration in Banach spaces, martingales and UMD spaces, and culminates in a treatment of the Hilbert transform, Littlewood-Paley theory and the vector-valued Mihlin multiplier theorem. Over the past fifteen years, motivated by regularity problems in evolution equations, there has been tremendous progress in the analysis of Banach space-valued functions and processes. The contents of this extensive and powerful toolbox have been mostly scattered around in research papers and lecture notes. Collecting this diverse body of material into a unified and accessible presentation fills a gap in the existing literature. The principal audience that we have in mind consists of researchers who need and use Analysis in Banach Spaces as a tool for studying problems in partial differential equations, harmonic analysis, and stochastic analysis. Self-contained and offering complete proofs, this work is accessible to graduate students and researchers with a background in functional analysis or related areas.
Statistics for engineers and scientists
A treatise of human nature : in two volumes. 2
From roulette tables to racetracks, provides a look at how scientists and mathematicians throughout the years have tried to figure out how to beat the house while gambling.
Statistical theory : a concise introduction
Interpreting probability : controversies and developments in the early twentieth century
Probability theory : basic concepts : limit theorems : random processes
The classical theory of Random Walks describes the asymptotic behavior of sums of independent identically distributed random real variables. This book explains the generalization of this theory to products of independent identically distributed random matrices with real coefficients. Under the assumption that the action of the matrices is semisimple – or, equivalently, that the Zariski closure of the group generated by these matrices is reductive - and under suitable moment assumptions, it is shown that the norm of the products of such random matrices satisfies a number of classical probabilistic laws. This book includes necessary background on the theory of reductive algebraic groups, probability theory and operator theory, thereby providing a modern introduction to the topic.
Defaults and recoveries in the global corporate bond markets : estimating movements over business cycles
A treatise on probability
Probability : an introduction
Theory of probability : a critical introductory treatment. 1.
The theory of random clumping
Probability and induction
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
