http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16063 vocational schools
vocational schools
Polytechnic education
Evaluation Report for Research, Development and Innovation Activities
Equal, but different : an evaluate of the postgraduate polytechnic experiment in Finland : final report
Distributed leadership and teacher’ self-efficacy : the case studies of three Chinese schools in Shanghai
Organizing a Marketing Project – Ahead to Entrepreneurship-Campaign  : Case: Cursor Oy
"So much more  than just a web course"
R&D strategies and activities : comparing universities of applied sciences in Finland, the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany
Education for sustainable development at TAMK : a look at four degree programmes
Vocational teacher education in support of research and development skills among polytechnic teachers
LAB studio model : developing external networks for learning entrepreneurship in higher education
Managing change : Case study: HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Valkeakoski
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
Studying in an international degree programme : from expectations to reality
Changing identities in higher education : voicing perspectives
Double Degree Programmes in the Internationalisation in Higher Education Institutions : Case Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences,  Business School
Environmental issues in business education curricula at Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences : towards a postmodern curriculum?
Fellmannia – a meeting place for learners
Studying vapaa säestys through English in a CLIL teaching experiment : content and language learning experiences of JAMK music students
Service Innovation and Design : results from co-creation
The effect of education on migration : evidence from school reform
Osaaja.net : web journal of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences
Contextuality of Professionals in the Rural Areas of Northern Scandinavia
"Mä nautin siitä vapaudesta mikä meillä on" : language teaching in universities of applied sciences
Knowledge Management in a Higher Education Institution : Case Oulu UAS
Use of music in English classrooms in lower and upper secondary schools and at university of applied sciences : a comparative study on teachers' perceptions and practices
Interprofessional and international learning experiences in social and health care higher education in Lahti University of Applied Sciences
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Culture as innovation in vocational higher education
Transformative Teaching and Learning by Developing
Undergraduate & graduate performance development in UK Higher Education
Lessons learned from connecting doctoral studies and academic research on entrepreneurship into teacher's work at University of Applied Sciences
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Research hatchery as a cradle for new innovators : handbook for implementation
This article summarises a study of the purposefulness, structure and amount of external learning networks formed during an interdisciplinary higher education programme based on a LAB studio model. The LAB studio model is a learning model, which develops connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes and startups. The LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with a project-based education at its core and has a key goal of educating entrepreneurship competences. The data for the study was collected through semi-structured interviews with six student teams (N=35) during May 2015. The data analysis took place through mixed methods, which as a method focuses on collecting, analysing, and mixing both quantitative and qualitative data. Findings show that the LAB studio model challenges and enables students to develop new learning networks external to the traditional university environment. New learning networks are created due to the demanding problem -solving process used in the teaching activities. Overall, the education programme broke down barriers between the education environment and external business environment through the establishment of learning networks. In conclusion, the learning networks formed during the education programme were wide-ranging, and the role of students was active and self-directive. Furthermore, we suggest that social capital was increased during the educational process.
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
The meaning and implications of a fragmented organizational identity : a case study of a Finnish university of applied sciences
Creating a learning environment that supports multiculturalism : case: Dynamo Campus
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Possibilities for strengthening the international orientation of Business Administration and Economics Faculty at Niederrhein University of Applied Sciences.
Mainstreaming occupational safety and health into education : good practice in school and vocational education
Learning languages for professions : a development project in tertiary-level language  instruction in Finland, 2005-2006
Spinning e-pedagogical nets : pedagogical development and experiments in higher education
Koulutuksen laatupalaute FUAS-ammattikorkeakouluissa = Quality feedback on education at FUAS institutions
Innovation competencies development : INCODE barometer and user guide
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
How to market Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and increase its competitiveness in Chinese market in order to attract more Chinese degree students.
TAMK.today : news from Tampere University of Applied Sciences
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Future learning and prior learning and recognition in vocational teacher education
Cross-evaluation 4 : final report : FUAS quality policy
Pedagogical views on innovation competences and entrepreneurship : innovation pedagogy and other approaches
Transformative learning and border systems at work : teacher students' development project report evaluation
Market Research to Develop the Promotional Activities of Savonia UAS in the Russian Market
Student perspective on software development, processes and entrepreneurship in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
BIT 10th Anniversary Survey
After having been teaching online using Adobe Connect web conferencing system since 2008, it was  time to stop and reflect upon its advantages and disadvantages. The purpose of this research paper is  to study the possibilities and challenges of online language teaching by focusing on the breakout room  feature of the Adobe Connect system. The aim is to investigate how the function supports or  challenges language learning from the students' and the teacher's viewpoint. In addition, the purpose  is to compare to what extent their experiences coincide. In this study the data consists of my own  observations as a language teacher using Adobe Connect breakout rooms. The data on students'  experiences was collected by conducting a survey in the virtual learning environment Optima. The equestionnaire  was replied by 29 students of business and business information systems using the  blended learning method at Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The students were inquired about  how well the breakout function serves language learning purposes in general and on the specific  lesson when the survey was carried out. Moreover, some technical background information was  collected on the hardware and software used. The survey and the teacher's observations indicated  that the breakout function succeeds in supporting the interactive nature of language learning. Most of  the challenges discovered were related to technology
Kesäkouluuun : sixth international summerschool on the digital library
Learning environment of Exertus control systems
Experiences of higher education development with CDIO initiative
Flash media as a tool for advertisement
Educational innovation in Kazakhstan : the case of Bolashak Finland
Foreign degree students of UAS Seinäjoki Business School: : Motives for choosing Finland and UAS Seinäjoki
Mine Your Own Business : Improving English Language Skills for Mining Engineering Education at Lapland UAS
Benchmarking innovative curricula design process over continents
A group of Finnish teachers and students visited Fontys University of Applied Sciences in the Netherlands. The aim of the visit was to benchmark learning and teaching, quality assurance and curricula development in the degree programmes. The project was successful, and both universities will develop their actions according to the results. The benchmarking project was funded by the Finnish Higher Education Evaluation Council.    The article discusses of the implementation of the international benchmarking project and the results gained in comparing learning and teaching. Benchmarking worksheet proved to be a useful tool for comparing activities. The project created multi-disciplinary cooperation, mainly because there were both teachers, students and the members of the support staff participating to the project. Student involvement was crucial to the success of the project.
Blooming young entrepreneurial and managerial talents in a cross-cultural educational context : TUAS - IB Degree Programme case study
Better health via research
Benchmarking learning and teaching : international case study from the Oulu University of Applied Sciences and the Fontys University of Applied Sciences
Entrepreneurial Profile of Higher Education Students : Häme University of Applied Sciences
The New Order: Improving the Internationality in the International Business Degree Programme. Case Savonia University of Applied Sciences
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
International degree student guidance and counselling : supporting the international student community at Turku University of Applied Sciences
School buildings. 2, Technical schools, training colleges and colleges ofhigher education
Toward connectivity : internships of Finnish universities of applied sciences
Vocational education for industry, handicrafts, commerce and navigation in Finland
Student ́s variegated well being : A survey of students ́ well being in HUMAK University of Applied Sciences
In 2013–2015, JAMK University of Applied Sciences implemented a national pilot project Diploma of Higher Education based on a proposal by the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture. The aim was to determine the need for working life for competence modules consisting of parts of higher education degrees which diversify the offering and participants. Similar higher education programmes have grown more common internationally. JAMK UAS implemented four diploma of higher education programmes as UAS open studies: Agricultural Entrepreneur Business Competence, Gerontological Rehabilitation, HR and Financial Specialist and Purchasing Specialist. The aim of the students was to expand their competence, develop their own work and further advance in their careers. For the training to succeed, it was important to invest in instruction, support group formation and have flexible implementation models. The students were able to develop their competence based on their own individual needs and the needs of working life, regardless of their educational background. Groups that promoted peer learning and networking were felt to be the strengths of the training. The costs for students were also very moderate. If needed, the studies can later be credited towards a degree programme. Diplomas of higher education are a quick and flexible way to implement various competence modules that meet the needs of working life. The students and employers have appreciated the pre-packaged, clear and sufficiently advanced competence modules of 60 ECTS cr.
Quality handbook of higher education in Finland and Russia
Evaluation of media and communication studies in higher education in Finland
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
Multiple benefits but almost as many obstacles : teachers and students' perceptions of the integration English and vocational studies in University of Applied Sciences
International R&D at Oulu University of Applied Sciences : practices from Raahe
Abstract.
Best practices for co-operation between vocational education and nature-based enterprises : Envolwe (Nature Based Entrepreneurs and Vocational Education Training Providers Learning and Working Together), best practice report
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Lahti UAS ICT Projects 2015
Interdisciplinary studies journal
Getting a job requires many things: hard skills, soft skills, the right attitude and motivation. To develop the degree programme in Business Information Systems in Oulu university of Applied Sciences (Oulu UAS), three surveys were conducted, to study importance of skills and knowledge in professional life: a graduate career survey in 2013, an employer survey in 2014, and a student survey in 2015. According to the results, readiness for change, learning skills and basic ICT skills seem to be the most important skills. To succeed at work, an adequate basis of hard skills, soft interpersonal and communication skills are needed. Also problem solving and pressure endurance seem to be very important.
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Combi2011 : conference proceedings
Abstract: The meaning and implications of a fragmented organizational identity.
Audit of the quality assurance system of Seinäjoki Polytechnic
Hard Skills or Soft Skills? : Findings about Importance of Various Skills in Work
Student and Teacher Perceptions on Learning Languages through  Web Conferencing : Focus on Adobe Connect Breakout Rooms
Diploma of higher education : competence modules for everyone
USSR education
Best practices in educational interpreting
Thesis instructions : degree programme in international business
Nursing student-patient relationship : a review of the literature from 1984 to 1998
The First Comprehensive Guide to Educational Interpreting As many as 22,000 deaf and hard-of-hearing students are currently enrolled in local school programs where their access to the language of learning is dependent upon an interpreter. This book brings together comprehensive information about the practice of interpreting in educational settings. As the author points out, the field of educational interpreting has developed quickly in recent years, creating the need for this practical guide to serve as a resource for interpreters, general education teachers, special education teachers, special education directors, parents, speech-language pathologists, school administrators, and others concerned with the education of deaf and hard-of-hearing students. The book takes a developmental approach to curriculum and instruction regarding students who use interpreters, moving from preschool on through the graduate school. The topics covered relate to the specific needs of learners at each age and apply to interpreters who use sign language, cued speech, and oral interpreting. Each section is presented in a question-answer format, with an emphasis on the challenges posed by interpreting in educational setting and the practices best suited to meeting those challenges. For each of the educational settings, engaging case studies focus on real-life situations and are followed by suggested best-practice solutions as well as questions for further thought.
Comprehensive Internationalisation in Finnish Higher Education Institution : Case: Seinäjoki University of Applied Sciences
