http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16009 welding
welding
Laser hybrid welding in structural steel : an analysis of parameters
Electronic rulebook : rules for classification of ships
Welding techniques, distortion control and line heating
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 3, Seostetut hienoraeteräsputket = Alloy fine grain steel tubes
Local brittle zones in multipass welding
Laser welding of cylindrical parts
Welding metallurgy and weldability
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 6, Jauhekaarihitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Submerged arc welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature properties
Auto body repair technology
Feasibility study of recondition business for W46 cylinder head
Effect of welding parameters of plasma transferred arc welding method on abrasive wear resistance of 12V tool steel deposit
Welding simulation
Welding handbook : consumables for manual and automatic welding
A preliminary study of laser beam welding on joining HDPE plastic sheets
The theory of laser materials processing : heat and mass transfer in modern technology
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 1 = Part 1, Hitsauksen laadunhallinta = Quality management in welding
Welding of AHSS/UHSS steel : a guide for the automotive industry
One of the problems when welding small plastic parts is to combine a strong welding seam with low costs. Product designs have become more and more varied and difficult to produce. Strong welding seam is a safety issue, so when the products are more complicated in shape, it is more challenging to produce safe products. However, technical problems and safety limits are always there and designers try to come up with workarounds for them and design modern and good looking products for customers. The primary aim of this thesis project was to compare two different welding joint designs for mass production. The material used for the samples was polycarbonate. Another purpose of the thesis was to compare the standard pneumatic ultrasonic welding to the servo-driven ultrasonic welding as well as to find out the benefits of the new technology in production. In this thesis, the main parameters and functions of ultrasonic welding machine are introduced. The thesis also presents the material selection and welding joint designs. For the purposes of this project, several samples were welded with both machines. Furthermore, rip-off tests for a part of samples were performed before the ageing treatment in order to define the reference rip-off force and to later indicate the rip-off force loss. All results were analyzed by using statistical software. The results of the experiments indicated that the shear joint is a stronger joint design than the energy director joint for welding small plastic parts. They also showed that the servo-driven welding machine can be more accurate and precise than the standard pneumatic welding machine. The results are significant as regards product design and quality.
Welding : a practical guide to joining metals
Welding practice
Plastics and composites welding handbook
Hitsaus  = Welding : betoniterästen hitsausmenetelmäkokeet = welding of reinforcing steel. Osa 1 = Part 1, Voimaliitokset = Load-bearing welded joints
Handbook of plastics joining : a practical guide
Materials and processes in manufacturing
Metals handbook. 6, Welding, brazing, and soldering
Welding conference LUT JOIN'99 : International conference on efficient welding in industrial applications (ICEWIA)
Hitsaussanasto : yleistermit = Welding terminology : general terms
The effects of some variables on CO2 laser-MAG hybrid welding
Heat and mass transfer under plasma conditions
Manufacturing processes & materials
The optical properties of automatically darkening welding filters based on liquid crystal technology
Profi tips... : ...for the workshop! : 90 clever tips and tricks
Mechanical properties of submerged arc welds with metal powder addition
Abstract:.
Congress proceedings : Laser Materials Processing Conference : Laser Microfabrication Conference : 24th International Congress on Applications of Lasers & Electro-Optics : ICALEO 2005 : October 31 - November 3, Hyatt Regency Miami, Miami, Florida, USA
Welding processes handbook
Sfs-käsikirja. 66-5, Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 5 : Hitsaussuositukset = Part 5 : Recommendations for welding
Robotic welding, intelligence and automation : RWIA 2010
Fatigue assessment of welded joints by local approaches
Resistance welding as a joining method in the wire harness production of commercial vehicle
Automotive welding manual : The Haynes automotive repair manual for selecting and using welding equipment
Metals reference book
Hitsatut painelaiteteräsputket = Welded steel tubes for pressure purposes : tekniset toimitusehdot = technical delivery conditions. 4, Sähkövastushitsatut seostamattomat teräsputket mataliin käyttölämpötiloihin = Electric welded non-alloy steel tubes with specified low temperature profiles
Hitsaus. Osa 4, Hitsaajan pätevyyskokeet = Welding. Part 4, Qualification test of welders
Underwater remote welding technology for offshore structures
Joining of plastics : handbook for designers and engineers
Hitsattavat betoniteräkset : yleiset vaatimukset = Steel for the reinforcement of concrete : weldable reinforcing steel : general
Improvement of weld HAZ toughness at low heat input by controlling the distribution of M-A constituents
Design of weldments
Tests on fillet weld joints with high strength steel specimens
Audel welding pocket reference
Soldering, brazing & weldering : a manual of techniques
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 5, Strenght, vibration, welding, construction
Automotive welding : a practical guide
WELD 2000 Modern Welding Technology Programme 1993-1997 : evaluation report
Selected papers from the journal of The Society of Naval Architects of Japan. Vol. 2, Strength, vibration, materials, welding, noise measurement, construction
Hitsaus = Welding. 7, Hitsausaineiden testaus = Testing of welding consumables
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 4 = Part 4, Hitsaajan pätevyyskokeet = Approval testings of welders
Welder's handbook : a guide to plasma cutting, oxyacetylene, ARC, MIG and TIG welding
Novel ways of using Nd:YAG laser for welding thick section austenitic stainless steel
Hitsaus. Osa 10, Alumiinin hitsaus = Welding. Part 10, Welding of aluminium
Thick section laser beam welding of structural steels : methods for improving welding efficiency
Welding engineering : an introduction
Fatigue strength of welded structures
Sfs-käsikirja. 66-6, Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 6 : Metallisten materiaalien ryhmittely = Part 6 : Grouping systems for metallic materials
Hitsaussanasto = Welding terminology : yleistermit = General terms
Ultrasonic welding for plastics : comparison between shear and energy director joints produced with pneumatic vs. servo-driven ultrasonic welding machine
Introduction to the welding of structural steelwork
Sfs-käsikirja. 66-10, Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 10 : Alumiinin hitsaus = Part 10 : Welding of aluminium
Real-time weld process monitoring
Welding technology
Metal fabricator's handbook
IIW recommendations on post weld improvement of steel and aluminium structures
Development of Fiber Laser
Hitsaus : hitsausliitosten monikielinen kuvallinen sanasto : standardi = Welding : multilingual terms for welded joints with illustrations
Handbook of structural welding
On the effects of welding parameters on weld quality of plasma arc keyhole welding of structural steels
The big book of maker skills : tools & techniques for building great tech projects
Designing plastic parts for assembly
Sheet steel joining handbook : joining of high strength steels
"Book deals with a wide range of materials and weldability issues"--
Welding robot and its new application
Welding technology for engineers
Joining of materials by friction welding
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 3 = Part 3, Hitsausaineet = Welding consumables
Welding : theory and practice
The welding of aluminium and its alloys
Innovations in Materials Manufacturing, Fabrication, and Environmental Safety
Kaasuhitsausvarusteet : sanasto : kaasuhitsausvarusteiden yhteydessä käyettävät termit = Gas welding equipment : terminology : terms used for gas welding equipment
Welderʼs handbook : a guide to plasma cutting, oxyacetylene, ARC, MIG and TIG welding
Kaasuhitsausvarusteet : sanasto : kaasuhitsausvarusteiden yhteydessä käytettävät termit = Gas welding equipment : terminology : terms used for gas welding equipment
Welding essentials : questions & answers
Welding : Principles and practices
The impairment of lung function caused by environmental exposure to pollutants and toxicants is a rising health problem, particularly in highly industrialized parts of the world. The problem is urgently calling for the development of new methodologies to assess both the level of elemental exposure and the effects for quality of health and longevity. This volume provides state-of-the-art information about the recent advances in occupational and non-occupational pollutant-related disorders of the respiratory tract, and the assessment of a threat they pose for the health-span. Heavy traffic-related air pollution, unnoticeable but salient health detriment, is dealt with at length.
Aluminum welding
Development of a new welding product quality control and management system model for China
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 10, Alumiinin hitsaus = Welding of aluminium
Computational approach to the quality inspection of ultrasound welding
Welding for dummies
The Haynes welding manual : the Haynes manual for selecting and using welding equipment
Hitsaus : hitsausliitosten monikielinen kuvallinen sanasto = Welding : multilingual terms for welded joints with illustrations
Welding and welding technology
Cumulative damage of welded joints
Philips welding reporter
Welding complete : techniques, project plans & instructions
Effect of microstructure on low temperature hydrogen-induced cracking behaviour of nickel-based alloy weld metals
Advanced welding
Sfs-käsikirja. 66-9, Hitsaus. Osa 9: Betoniterästen hitsaus : Welding of reinforcing steel
Robotic welding, intelligence and automation
Welding fabrication & repair : questions and answers
Failure mechanisms of advanced welding processes
Instructions for plate maker-welders
Welding : principles and practices
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 5, Hitsaussuositukset = Part 5 : Recommendations for welding
Study on system design and key technologies of case closure welding for ITER correction coil
Metallurgy of welding
Ship welding handbook
Basic welding principles
Welding for structural engineers
Throat Size Optimization for a Welded Boom Base
"This book describes the weldability aspects of many structural materials used in a wide variety of engineering structures, including steels, stainless steels, Ni-base alloys, and Al-base alloys. The basic mechanisms of weldability are described and methods to improve weldability are described. Specific topics include solidification and liquation cracking, solid-state cracking, hydrogen cracking, fracture and fatigue, and corrosion. Methods for interpretation of weld failures using computational and characterization techniques are described"--
Developments in rapid casting
Specification and approval of welding procedures for metallic materials : Part 11 : Welding procedure specification for laser beam welding
Systematic complaint data analysis in a supply chain network context to recognise the quality targets of welding production
Joining : understanding the basics
The TAB guide to DIY welding : hands-on projects for hobbyists, handymen, and artists
Theory of thermomechanical processes in welding
Weldability of high strength aluminium alloys
Hitsaus 2000-luvulla = Welding in the future
Hitsaus = Welding. Osa 5 = Part 5, Hitsaussuositukset = Recommendations for welding
