http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16170 sociology of religion
sociology of religion
Autonomy, integration and scientific method : some methodolical problems in the sociology of religion
Resident aliens : life in the Christian colony : a provocative Christian assessment of culture and ministry for people who know that something is wrong
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles from research groups in Europe, the USA and Australia on clergy work-related psychological health, stress, burnout and coping strategies. The general papers include studies on coping strategies among Buddhists, gender differences in response to church decline, teenage participation in religion, social capital among Friends of Cathedrals, psychological profiles of clergy, education effects on Roman Catholic deacons, and an analysis of prayer requests. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Religion in world conflict
Religion, democratic values and political conflict : Festschrift in honor of Thorleif Pettersson
Religious innovation in modern African society
Political Islam in Sudan : political opportunities and mobilizing structures
Sociology of religion in India
Religion, language and power
Enchantment of sociology : a study of theology and culture
Sociology of early Palestinian Christianity
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 25
The faith of Australians
Stages of life and Christian experience
The sociology of religion : theoretical and comparative perspectives
The freedom to do God's will : religious fundamentalism and social change
The goodness of gods
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles related to the practice of prayer, and includes studies from the USA, Europe, and the Middle East. The general papers include studies on coping strategies, God representations, spirituality versus religion, self-control in a Muslim context, and faith-based organizations in Cambodia. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Global religious movements in regional context
Islam, democracy and religious modernism in Iran (1953-2000) : from  Bāzargān to Soroush
The sacred canopy : elements of a sociological theory of religion
Contesting secularism : comparative perspectives
Technology as magic : the triumph of the irrational
Joining and leaving religion : research perspectives
Religious education in a context of religious and cultural diversity : the case of Cyprus
The future church : how ten trends are revolutionizing the Catholic Church
On behalf of the Finnish Evangelical Lutheran Church
Development and religion : theology and practice
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. Vol. 1, Established religion
Western religion : a country by country sociological inquiry
While adjusting to a new identity is akin to adjusting to a new set of skin, even more difficult is realising that this new skin may not be as comfortable or as pleasant as the old one. In Searching for Heaven in the Real World, Kathryn Kraft explores the breadth of psychological and societal issues faced by Arab Muslims after making a decision to adopt a faith in Christ or Christianity, investigating some of the most surprising and significant challenges new believers face. Arab Muslims arrive at a point of new faith with great expectations. With such high hopes for what they will experience in their new identity, they are bound to encounter a reality that is different. They need to invest a great deal of emotional energy in addressing their expectations and what they actually encounter. Even so, those who stay the course of faith usually hold on to their dreams, believing that heaven is not only for the afterlife but it is for the real world as well.
The sociology of religion : a substantive and transdisciplinary approach
Dreaming, religion and society in Africa
Religion defined and explained
The social reality of religion
Religion, culture, and society : a reader in the sociology of religion
Motivations for human behavior : relating attribution and expectancy inferences to socioeconomic and religious orientations among Ewe Christians in Ghana
Modernities, memory, and mutations : Grace Davie and the study of religion
Christians in the American empire : faith and citizenship in the new world order
Gods in the global village : the world's religions in sociological perspective
The religion of India : the sociology of Hinduism and Buddhism
"Inspired by the social theories of Max Weber, David d'Avray asks how far medieval religion was rational and, in doing so, proposes a new approach to the study of the medieval past. Applying ideas developed in his companion volume on Rationalities in History, he explores how values, instrumental calculation, legal formality and substantive rationality interact and the ways in which medieval beliefs were strengthened by their mutual connections, by experience, and by mental images. He sheds new light on key themes and figures in medieval religion ranging from conversion, miracles and the ideas of Bernard of Clairvaux to Trinitarianism, papal government and Francis of Assisi's charismatic authority. This book is unique in showing how values and instrumental calculation affect each other in practice and demonstrating the ways in which the application of social theory can be used to generate fresh empirical research as well as new historical insights"--
Contemporary religiosities : emergent socialities and the post-nation state
The culture of the sacred : exploring the anthropology of religion
Unsecular man : the persistence of religion
Religion and community
The sociology of religion
The Robert Bellah reader
Political Islam observed
Beliefs in witchcraft and demons still shape many societies and seem to be increasing rather than disappearing with modernization and urbanization. Witch hunts in Africa and Asia show the scope of the problem. The deliverance practices of pentecostal and charismatic churches are widely controversial and their effects are rather ambiguous. The contributions in this volume, written by experts and practitioners from four continents, analyze these phenomena from the perspectives of intercultural theology, anthropology, and ethnology, and also describe the responses of Catholic and Protestant churches. (Series: Contributions to Mission Science / Intercultural Theology // Beitrage zur Missionswissenschaft / Interkulturellen Theologie - Vol. 32) [Subject: Anthropology, Ethnology, Sociology, Religious Studies]
As we enter the twenty-first century, the role of religion within civic society has become an issue of central concern across the world. The complex trends of secularism, multiculturalism and the rise of religiously motivated violence raise fundamental questions about the relationship between political institutions, civic culture and religious groups. Contesting Secularism represents a major intervention into this debate. Drawing together contributions from leading scholars from across the world it analyses how secularism functions as a political doctrine in different national contexts put under pressure by globalisation. In doing so it presents different models for the relationship between political institutions and religious groups, challenging the reader to be more aware of assumptions within their own cultural context, and raises alternative possibilities for the structure of democratic, multi-faith societies.Through its inter-disciplinary and comparative approach, Contesting Secularism sets a new agenda for thinking about the place of religion in the public sphere of twenty-first century societies. It is essential reading for policy-makers, as well as for scholars and students in political science, law, sociology and religious studies.
The sociology of Islam : secularism, economy and politics
Index of leading spiritual indicators
Re-defining community : a discourse on community and the pluralism of today's world with personalist underpinnings
Research in the social scientific study of religion. 10
Buduŝee religii v Evrope : sbornik statej = Future of religion in Europe
Religion in history
Sectarianism in early Judaism : sociological advances
The thirteen essays in this volume offer a challenge to conventional scholarly approaches to the sociology of religion. They urge readers to look beyond congregational settings, beyond the United States, and to religions other than Christianity, and encourage critical engagement with religion's complex social consequences. By expanding conceptual categories, the essays reveal how aspects of the religious have always been part of allegedly non-religious spaces and show how, by attending to these intellectual blindspots, we can understand aspects of identity, modernity, and institutional life that have long been obscured. Religion on the Edge addresses a number of critical questions: What is revealed about the self, pluralism, or modernity when we look outside the U.S. or outside Christian settings? What do we learn about how and where the religious is actually at work and what its role is when we unpack the assumptions about it embedded in the categories we use? Religion on the Edge offers groundbreaking new methodologies and models, bringing to light conceptual lacunae, re-centering what is unsettled by their use, and inviting a significant reordering of long-accepted political and economic hierarchies. The book shows how social scientists across the disciplines can engage with the sociology of religion. By challenging many of its long-standing empirical and analytic tendencies, the contributors to this volume show how their work informs and is informed by debates in other fields and the analytical purchase gained by bringing these many conversations together. Religion on the Edge will be a crucial resource for any scholar seeking to understand our post-modern, post-secular world.
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. Vol. 2, Sectarian religion
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 27
Protestant - Catholic - Jew : an essay in American religious sociology
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. 4, Types of religious man
Sociology of religion : contemporary developments
Witchcraft, demons and deliverance : a global conversation on an intercultural challenge
Roman catholicism : the search for relevance
The dream of the earth
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. Vol. 4, Types of religious man
Society shaped by theology
Why and how secular society should accommodate religion : a philosophical proposal
Women, religion and politics : impact analysis of interpretative religious heritage of Judaism, Christianity and Islam on the engagement of women in public life and politics in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 19
The struggle within Islam : the conflict between religion and politics
Church, state, and society in Eastern Europe
The sociology of sacred texts
Religious and secular reform in America : ideas, beliefs and social change
Conversion in the age of pluralism
Religion in Russia after the collapse of communism : religious renaissance or secular state
Culture of a sacred town : a sociological study of Nathdwara
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Church-state relations : a challenge for African Christianity
Religion and society in tension : a publication from the reserch program in the Society of Religion Survey Research Center, University of California, Berkeley
The church and popular religion : a study of connections between withdrawal from the church and the differing conceptions of its nature and activity held by different section of congregations
Natural symbols : explorations in cosmology
New religions : based on papers read at the Symposium on New Religions held at Åbo on the 1st-3rdf of September 1974
Annual review of the social sciences of religion
The Blackwell companion to sociology of religion
The sociology of secularisation : a critique of a concept
Secularization : an analysis at three levels
Embracing reality : the integral vision of Ken Wilber : a historical survey and chapter-by-chapter guide to Wilber's major works
Weber and Islam : a critical study
Man and deity in an African society : a study of religion, meaning and value among the Ilarusa of Northern Tanzania
Religion and politics
Constellations of value : European perspectives on the intersections of religion, politics and society
Spirituality and society in the new millennium
Sociology and the world's religions
The invention of society : psychological explanations for social phenomena
Toward a sociology of irreligion
Values of Poles and the heritage of John Paul II : a social research study
From the Fulbright Center
History, time, meaning, and memory : ideas for the sociology of religion
This stimulating collection of essays by prominent scholars honors Turid Karlsen Seim. Bodies, Borders, Believers brings together biblical scholars, ecumenical theologians, archeologists, classicists, art historians, and church historians, working side by side to probe the past and its receptions in the present. The contributions relate in one way or another to Seim's broad research interests, covering such themes as gender analysis, bodily practices, and ecumenical dialogue. The editors have brought together an international group of scholars, and among the contributors many scholarly traditions, theoretical orientations, and methodological approaches are represented, making this book an interdisciplinary and border-crossing endeavor. A comprehensive bibliography of Seim's work is included.
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. Vol. 3, The universal church
Exploring context in religious education research : empirical, methodological and theoretical perspectives
Religion on the edge : de-centering and re-centering the sociology of religion
Ecstatic religion : an anthropological study of spirit possession and shamanism
A sociology of spirituality
The sacred in a secular age : toward revision in the scientific study of religion
The sociology of religion : A study of Christendom. 1, Established religion
Secularism or democracy? : associational governance of religious diversity
The elementary forms of religious life
How prophecy lives
Eastern European religion
The divine archetype : the sociobiology and psychology of religion
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
Handbook of religion and social institutions
Acts of faith : explaining the human side of religion
Producing the sacred : an essay on public religion
Religion and society in tension : a publication from the research program in the Society of Religion Survey Research Center, University of California, Berkeley
Religion, society and the individual : an introduction to the sociology of religion
An introduction to the sociology of religion : classical and contemporary perspectives
On the moral nature of the universe : theology, cosmology, and ethics
American grace : how religion divides and unites us
Buddhism and society in Southeast Asia
Offers a forecast about the future of the Catholic Church and the implications of the changes that will occur, identifying ten important trends that will revolutionize the the policies, doctrines, and practices of Catholicism over the next century.
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
The rage against God
Religion and society in interaction : the sociology of religion
American sociology of religion : histories
Chiefs and gods : religious and social elements in the South eastern Bantu kingship
Time to be rational : Darwin, demons, and sex
Research in the social scientific study of religion. 11
Leave the temple : Indian paths to human liberation
Invitation to the sociology of religion
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
This book provides a fresh, engaging multi-disciplinary introduction to religion in contemporary America. The chapters explore the roots of contemporary American religion from the 1950s up to the present day, looking at the major traditions including mainline Protestantism, the evangelical-pentecostal surge, Catholicism, Judaism, African-American religions and new religious movements. The authors ask whether Americans are becoming less religious, and how religious thought has moved from traditional systematic theology to approaches such as black and feminist theology and environmental theology. The book introduces religion and social theory, and explores key issues and themes such as: religion and social change; politics; gender; sexuality; diversity; race and poverty. Students and instructors will find the combination of historical and sociological perspectives an invaluable aid to understanding this fascinating but complex field.
Communications and cultural analysis : a religious view
Rite and power = Rito y poder : faculty of theology international seminar
The Sociology of religion
The religious factor : a sociological study of religion's impact on politics, economics, and family life
Medieval religious rationalities : a Weberian analysis
Tokugawa religion : the values of pre-industrial Japan
Religion in society : a sociology of religion
The sociology of religion : a critical agenda
Mediatization and religion : Nordic perspectives
"Inspired by the social theories of Max Weber, David D'Avray asks in what senses medieval religion was rational and, in doing so, proposes a new approach to the study of the medieval past. Applying ideas developed in his companion volume on Rationalities in History, he explores how values, instrumental calculation, legal formality and substantive rationality interact and the ways in which medieval beliefs were strengthened by their mutual connections, by experience and by mental images. He sheds new light on key themes and figures in medieval religion ranging from conversion, miracles and the ideas of Bernard of Clairvaux to Trinitarianism, papal government and Francis of Assisi's charismatic authority. This book is unique in showing how values and instrumental calculation affect each other in practice and demonstrates the ways in which the application of social theory can be used to generate fresh empirical research as well as new insights"--
Law and informal practices : the post-communist experience
The mystical society : an emerging social vision
The Church at the centre of the city
Rival Jerusalems : the geography of Victorian religion
The church as a social institution : the sociology of American religion
Mormon identities in transition
Religion in English everyday life : an ethnographic approach
Religion and advanced industrial society
Annual review of the sociology of religion : new methods in sociology of religion
Sects, cults, and spiritual communities : a sociological analysis
Sociologists and religion
Bodies, borders, believers : ancient texts and present conversations ; essays in honor of Turid Karlsen Seim on her 70th birthday
Western religion country by country
Religion in the world today
The elementary forms of the religious life
Popular movements and secret societies in China 1840-1950
Sociology of religion
Religion, identity, and change : perspectives on global transformations
Religion in the contemporary world : a sociological introduction
Evangelicalism and the emerging church : a congregational study of a Vineyard church
Peter Berger and the study of religion
The Public significance of religion
The tree of life : a study of religion
Modes of religiosity in Eastern Christianity : religious processes and social change in Ukraine
The 25th volume of 'Research in the Social Scientific Study of Religion' continues to provide readers with an interdisciplinary assortment of high quality research studies aimed at capturing salient, contemporary trends in the field. The current volume presents a special section examining the role of spiritual and religious themes in sexuality research. Engaging analyses evaluate homonegativity and how religious advocacy influences perceptions of gay and lesbian individuals across different cultures. Also included are papers on the development of sexual identities among religious committed individuals. These papers help to connect concepts too frequently considered unrelated. The regular articles provide similarly stimulating evaluations of timely topics such as religious coping, gratitude, and the role of personality in describing religious experiences.
Religion in contemporary America
Ancient to modern : religion, power, and community in India
Global empowerment of women : responses to globalization and politicized religions
Basel mission industries in Malabar and South Canara: 1834-1914 : a study of its social and economic impact
Cults, converts and charisma : the sociology of new religions movents
Searching for heaven in the real world : a sociological discussion of conversion in the Arab world
Chiefs and gods : religious and social elements in the South Eastern Bantu Kingship
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 26
A sociable god : toward a new understanding of religion
Social scientific studies of religion in China : methodology, theories, and findings
Over the last thirty years a number of theologians have been using aspects of sociology alongside the more traditional resources of philosophy. In turn, sociologists with an interest in theology have also contributed to an interaction between theology and sociology. The time is right to revisit the dialogue between theologians and sociologists. In his new trilogy on Sociological Theology, Robin Gill makes a renewed contribution to the mapping of three abiding ways of relating theology and sociology, with the three volumes covering: Theology in a Social Context; Theology Shaped by Society; Society Shaped by Theology. Society Shaped by Theology explores the possibility that theological concepts may sometimes still be influential in the modern world. It follows in the tradition of Max Weber, arguing that theological virtues and debates can at times be transposed, wittingly or unwittingly, into society at large. Robin Gill examines the unusual instance of the public debate about Honest to God in the 1960s, but then turns to the current debate about faith and social capital, adding fresh and unexpected evidence. Finally Gill argues that bioethics in the public domain, especially on global issues such as AIDS, can be enriched and deepened by a judicious use of theological virtues.
Johannine faith and liberating community
Singing with Sai Baba : the politics of revitalization in Trinidad
The sociology of religion : a study of Christendom. 5, Types of religious culture
Good and bad religion
A future for religion? : new paradigms for social analysis
Complex identities in a shifting world : practical theological perspectives
Islam in modern Turkey : religion, politics and literature in a secular state
Key thinkers in the sociology of religion
Sociology of religion : critical concepts in sociology
The transformation of American religion : how we actually live our faith
I'm a believer - but I'll be damned if I'm religious : belief and religion in the greater Copenhagen area : a focus group study
"Religion, Language and Power" shows that the language of 'religion' is far from neutral, and that the packaging and naming of what English speakers call 'religious' groups or identities is imbued with the play of power. Religious Studies has all too often served to amplify voices from other centers of power, whether scripturalist or otherwise normative and dominant.This book's de-centering of English classifications goes beyond the remit of most postcolonial studies in that it explores the classifications used in a range of languages - including Arabic, Sanskrit, Chinese, Greek and English - to achieve a comparative survey of the roles of language and power in the making of 'religion' . In contextualizing these uses of language, the ten contributors explore how labels are either imposed or emerge interactively through discursive struggles between dominant and marginal groups. In dealing with the interplay of religion, language and power, there is no other book with the breadth of this volume.
Religious pluralism and unbelief : studies critical and comparative
Critics not caretakers : redescribing the public study of religion
The sociology of religion : classical and contemporary approaches
Religion : the social context
On secularization : towards a revised general theory
