http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16182 preserved foods
preserved foods
The god of small things
Canned Goods Specifications Manual
Seabuckthorn : a multipurpose wonder plant. Vol. 1, Botany, harvesting and processing technologies
Food nations : selling taste in consumer socities
Creative cooking
Jams & chutneys : preserving the harvest
Leuconostoc gelidum and Leuconostoc gasicomitatum strains dominated the lactic acid bacterium population associated with strog slime formation in an acetic-acid herring preserve
Technological change in the Pacific Coast canned salmon industry: 1864-1924
2nd International symposium on processing tomatoes : 22nd Internationalhorticultural congress, Davis, California, USA, August 18-19, 1986
Microbiology of charcoal-broiled European river lampreys (Lampetra fluviatilis) stored at 3 and 22°C
Proceedings of the Conference on Industrial Waste : held at Charles Church More Hall, April 28, 29, 1949.
The book of gifts from the pantry
Fish processing technology
Canned foods : thermal processing and microbiology
The home book of Russian cookery
A complete course in canning and related processes. 2, Packaging, aceptic processing, ingredients
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
The book of preserves : jams, chutneys, pickles, jellies
Jams, chutneys and pickles
Edible DIY : simple, giftable recipes to savor and share
The fine art of the tin can : techniques and inspirations
The development of the Pacific salmon-canning industry : a grown man's game
Sous vide and cook-chill processing for the food industry
Quality and residual iodine content of some foods prepared with iodized salt
Fish and krill protein : processing technology
A complete course in canning : and related processes. 1, Basic information on canning
The Christmas cookbook : recipes and treats for the festive season
The can-opener cookbook
The safety of canned foods : report of the Royal Society of Health Conference on the Safety of Canned Foods
Pickles, relishes & preserves
Methods of analysis for the canning industry
Preserving
Food in jars : preserving in small batches year-round
Canned foods : an introduction to their microbiology
Flower Craft Book
Salt sugar smoke : how to preserve fruit, vegetables, meat and fish
The ABC's of quick and glamorous cooking
The behavior of estonian consumers towards chilled and canned ready meals : Case study: portion dishes and canned soups
A complete course in canning : and related processes : 3. Processing procedures for canned food products
A passion for preserves
Lacquers in cans : technology, legislation, migration and toxicology
Indian chutneys, raitas, pickles and preserves
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
The technology of food preservation
The jam and marmalade bible : a complete guide to preserving
