http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16164 children's theatres (theatre for children)
children's theatres (theatre for children)
Theater = Theatre : 1967-1982
Stories for puppet theatre
... är bara ryck på trådar : Marionetteatern under 40 år = ... are but tugs on strings : the Marionette theatre over 40 years
Digital storytelling, applied theatre, & youth : performing possibility
Theatre for youth third space : performance, democracy, and community cultural development
Digital Storytelling, Applied Theatre, & Youth argues that theatre artists must re-imagine how and why they facilitate performance practices with young people. Rapid globalization and advances in media and technology continue to change the ways that people engage with and understand the world around them. Drawing on pedagogical, aesthetic, and theoretical threads of applied theatre and media practices, this book presents practitioners, scholars, and educators with innovative approaches to devising and performing digital stories. This book offers the first comprehensive examination of digital storytelling as an applied theatre practice. Alrutz explores how participatory and mediated performance practices can engage the wisdom and experience of youth; build knowledge about self, others and society; and invite dialogue and deliberation with audiences. In doing so, she theorizes digital storytelling as a site of possibility for critical and relational practices, feminist performance pedagogies, and alliance building with young people.
Storytelling made easy with puppets
Children's theatre and creative dramatics
Africa theatre : youth
International handbook of research in arts education
Child drama
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 3 : Cultural contexts
Theatre and adaptation : return, rewrite, repeat
Helsinki : historiallinen kaupunkikartasto = Helsingfors : historic towns atlas
From theater of children to theater for children : the development of children's theater in Israel
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 2 : Education and theory
Putting on a play
Haltioitumisen hetkiä = Moments of inspiration
Children's theatre : a philosophy and a method
Staging a play with a young cast is both a challenging and rewarding experience. Directing Young People in Theatre guides you through the entire process, from choosing or devising a play, to editing, rehearsing and staging it and reflecting on the whole experience. Insights from professional directors and exercise suggestions featured throughout will help both you and your cast to engage with your play and take full advantage of rehearsals and performances. Clear and accessible, this book is the ideal companion for anyone wishing to stage a play with young people – from teachers and youth workers, to Applied Theatre students and professional directors. Including exclusive interviews with: Annabel Arden, Michael Attenborough, Matthew Dunster, Richard Eyre, Robert Icke, Indu Rubasingham, Lyndsey Turner.
Maisy goes to the cinema
The Muppet show. 2. tuotantokausi
Can you hear a rainbow? : the story of a deaf boy named Chris
The Muppet show. 1. tuotantokausi
Ballet shoes : a story of three children on the stage
Theatre for young audiences : a critical handbook
Theatre for Youth Third Space is a practical yet philosophically grounded handbook for people working in theatre and performance with children and youth in community or educational settings. Presenting asset development approaches, deliberative dialogue techniques, and frames for building strong community relationships, Stephani Etheridge Woodson shares multiple project models that are firmly grounded in the latest community cultural development practices. Guiding readers step by step through project planning, creating safe environments, and using evaluation protocols, Theatre for Youth Third Space will be an invaluable resource for both teaching and practice.
Claude in the spotlight
Directing young people in theatre : a guide to staging plays with young casts
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 1 : Definitions and distinctions
The young audience : exploring and enhancing children's experiences of theatre
The stage costume : Sourcebook
Theatre for children : guide to writing, adapting, directing, and acting
Searching for a better life through arts and skills : research results, visions and conclusions
International guide to children's theatre and educational theatre : a historical and geographical source book
Kids plays
A look inside : children's theatre in the nordic countries
Independent theatre in contemporary Europe : structures - aesthetics - cultural policy
Theatre, youth, and culture : a critical and historical exploration
Over the past 20 years European theatre underwent fundamental changes in terms of aesthetic focus, institutional structure and in its position in society. The impetus for these changes was provided by a new generation in the independent theatre scene. This book brings together studies on the state of independent theatre in different European countries, focusing on the fields of dance and performance, children and youth theatre, theatre and migration and post-migrant theatre. Additionally, it includes essays on experimental musical theatre and different cultural policies for independent theatre scenes in a range of European countries.
Drama for mentally handicapped children
Traditional Balinese culture : essays
Children's literature : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies : Vol. 4 : International and comparative
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
Moscow theatres for young people : a cultural history of ideological coercion and artistic innovation, 1917-2000
Theatre for children : guide to writing, adapting, directing and acting
Drama with children
