http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16113 police state
police state
The holy thief
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Constitutional law of the European Union
Gendarmes and the state in nineteenth-century Europe
Saints under siege : the Texas State raid on the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints
Soldiers, spies, and statesmen : Egypt's road to revolt
True detective. The complete second season
Evoking Polish memory : state, self and the Communist past in transition
Crime and control in Europe from the past to the present
Modern policing
Russian hide-and-seek : the tsarist secret police in St Petersburg, 1906-1914
Legal instruments in the fight against international terrorism : a transatlantic dialogue
The Mao case
Rescuing regulation
Criminology : a sociological introduction
European integration in the 21st century : unity in diversity?
Enemies is the first definitive history of the FBI's secret intelligence operations, from an author whose work on the Pentagon and the CIA won him the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Award. We think of the FBI as America's police force. But secret intelligence is the Bureau's first and foremost mission. Enemies is the story of how presidents have used the FBI to conduct political warfare, and how the Bureau became the most powerful intelligence service the United States possesses. Here is the hidden history of America's hundred-year war on terror. The FBI has fought against terrorists, spies, anyone it deemed subversive--and sometimes American presidents. The FBI's secret intelligence and surveillance techniques have created a tug-of-war between national security and civil liberties. It is a tension that strains the very fabric of a free republic.--Publisher description.
Stalin's police : public order and mass repression in the USSR, 1926-1941
Caso Las Palmeras : sentencia de 6 de diciembre de 2001 = Las Palmeras case : judgment of December 6, 2001
The crimes of patriots : a true tale of dope, dirty money, and the CIA
Human rights and the police
Terror and progress USSR : some sources of change and stability in the Soviet dictatorship
Gunsmith cats : Goldie versus Misty
Civil liberties : cases and materials
Terror and progress - USSR : some sources of change and stability in the Soviet dictatorship
Gulag voices : an anthology
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : interpretación de la sentencia de fondo (art. 67 Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 3 de septiembre de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : interpretaion of the judgment on the merits (art. 67, American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of September 3, 2001
The well-ordered police state : social and institutional change through law in the Germanies and Russia, 1600-1800
State violence and human rights : state officials in the south
The Kremlin conspiracy
Fargo. Year two
Assessing international assistance in law enforcement : themes, findings and recommendations from a case-study of the Republic of Estonia
The front
Enemies : a history of the FBI
The intergovernmental pillars of the European Union
"This wide-ranging collection offers fresh insights into a critical factor in development and politics on the African continent. It has three primary objectives. First, it critically examines and illustrates the centrality of policing in transition societies in Africa. Secondly, it outlines and assesses the emergence and impact of the diversity of state and non-state policing agencies. Finally, it engages with the nature, scope, and diversity of international interventions for police capacity-building in countries emerging from war as part of security sector reform"--
The KGB : police and politics in the Soviet Union
Moxyland
Policing in Africa
Schengen : internationalisation of central chapters of the law on aliens, refugees, privacy, security and the police
Ethnic minorities and deviance : the relationship between Finnish gypsies and the police
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : reparaciones (art. 63.1 de la Convención Americana sobre Derechos Humanos), sentencia de 30 de noviembre de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : reparations (art. 63(1) of the American Convention on Human Rights), judgment of Novembre 30, 2001
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
The special field force and Namibian ex-combatant 'reintegration'
The Lawless state : the crimes of the U.S. intelligence agencies
Channel Zero : the complete collection
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2009 on civilian crisis management studies
States and illegal practices
Caso Barrios Altos (Chumbipuma Aguirre y otros) : sentencia de 14 de marzo de 2001 = Barrios Altos case (Chumbipuma Aguirre et al.) : judgment of March 14, 2001
Let the devil sleep
