http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16112 constitutional state
constitutional state
How does the welfare state fit into the Finnish legal system?
The house that the court built : the retained powers case law of the European Court of Justice and the constitutional structure of the Union
Politics, taxation, and the rule of law : the power to tax in constitutional perspective
Between the norm and the exception : the Frankfurt School and the rule of law
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
State, society, and democracy : a reader in Namibian politics
Confronting history: restitution and compensation laws in east central Europa
European Convention on Human Rights : texts and documents = Convention européenne des droits de l'homme : textes et documents = Europäische Menschenrechtskonvention : Texte und Dokumente
Democracy and the rule of law
The state of the rule of law and human rights in East Africa : political, legal and social development in Tanzania
Legan foundations of the welfare state
Legality, efficiency and legitimacy : some comments on the legitimacy problems of modern criminal law
Ambiguity in the rule of law : the interface between national and international legal systems
Technical imperative and the legitimacy of law
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 23-29).
Criminal law and cultural sensitivity
Rule of law, administrative justice, mining : Mongolia - Finland, diplomatic relations 50 years
Constitutional theory
Judicial review of governmental action and the requirement of an interest to sue : a comparative study on the requirement of an interest to sue in national and international law
Law and order
Rethinking political institutions : the art of the state
Judicial Academy of Northern Finland
Rogues : two essays on reason
Multilevel governance in enforcement and adjudication
The Finnish path to a state based on the rule of law  : from the 1850's to the present
Nations in transit 2003 : democratization in East Central Europe and Eurasia
Constitutional fragments : societal constitutionalism and globalization
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Globalisation and the rule of law
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Religion, law and the growth of constitutional thought 1150-1650
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2010 on peacebuilding and civilian crisis management studies
Intrusive investigation methods and judicial review in Finland
Consistent denials of review of EU rules in light of the Aarhus Convention by the CJEU : is the EU a laggard in ensuring compatibility with its international obligations?
"This book has four main themes: (1) a criticism of 'common law constitutionalism', the theory that Parliament's authority is conferred by, and therefore is or can be made subordinate to judge-made common law; (2) an analysis of Parliament's ability to abdicate, limit or regulate the exercise of its own authority, including a revision of Dicey's conception of sovereignty, a repudiation of the doctrine of implied repeal and the proposal of a novel theory of 'manner and form' requirements for law-making; (3) an examination of the relationship between parliamentary sovereignty and statutory interpretation, defending the reality of legislative intentions, and their indispensability to sensible interpretation and respect for parliamentary sovereignty; and (4) an assessment of the compatibility of parliamentary sovereignty with recent constitutional developments, including the expansion of judicial review of administrative action, the Human Rights and European Communities Acts and the growing recognition of 'constitutional principles' and 'constitutional statutes'"--
The enterprise of law : justice without the state
Globalization and the rule of law some westphalian doubts
Transformations of the state?
Constitutional law in theory and practice
Origins of legislative sovereignty and the legislative state. Vol. 2, Classical, medieval, and renaissance foundation of Corasius's systematic methodology
Limits of legal regulation = Grenzen rechtlicher Steuerung
Rule of law : prospects in Central Asia rural areas and human problems
Legality and legitimacy
The supreme court : constitutional revolution in retrospect
Peacebuilding and rule of law in Africa : just peace?
The rule of law under siege : selected essays of Franz L. Neumann and Otto Kirchheimer
Rule of law principles in international reconstruction
Constitutional and administrative law in a nutshell
The rule of law in Central Europe : the reconstruction of legality, constitutionalism and civil society in the post-communist countries
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2008 on civilian crisis management studies
European Community law and national law : the irreversible transfer
The ethics of criminal justice
The rule of law = Oikeusvaltio
In the name of justice : striving for the rule of law in China
Abstract: Democracy, rule of law and ongoing conversation.
Lawyers and the rule of law in an era of globalization
Zhao Ziyang and China's political future
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Russia, Europe, and the rule of law
Constitutional and administrative law
This work focuses concern on historical impacts in the Chinese political arena in order to re-appraise Zhao Ziyang's political legacies and their relevance to China's ongoing change.
Evaluation : the cross-cutting themes in the Finnish development cooperation
The rule of law and the separation of powers
Ideological conflict and the rule of law in contemporary China : useful paradoxes
The Nordic welfare state as an idea and as reality
The paradox of professionalism : lawyers and the possibility of justice
O. Hood Phillips' constitutional and administrative law
The significance of borders : why representative government and the rule of law require nation states
Civil society : history and possibilities
Challenges to law at the end of the 20th century. Vol. 4, Legal systems and legal science : proceedings of the 17th World Congress of the International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy (IVR) Bologna, June 16-21, 1995
Crisis Management Centre Finland yearbook 2009 on civilian crisis management studies
Legal reform versus the power of the party and state in the People's Republic of China : Rule of Law or Rule by Law?
Parliamentary sovereignty : contemporary debates
The concept of the state and the european legal tradition
Õigusriik = Legal state. 1, Õigusloomingu probleemid = Problems of law creation
The rule of law : history, theory and criticism
Fundamental law in English constitutional history
A précis of the public law of Finland
Democracy and constitutionalism in the European Union : collected essays
Nordic law and development : see no evil, hear no evil?
The concert of civilizations
The neo-liberal state
Pluralism and law : proceedings of the 20th IVR World Congress Amsterdam, 2001.. Vol. 2, State, Nation, Community, Civil Society
Between facts and norms : contributions to a discourse theory of law and democracy
Constitutional law in Hellas
Modern political constitutions : an introduction to the comparative study of their history and existing forms
Modern Chinese legal reform : new perspectives
Nationalism and the rule of law : lessons from the Balkans and beyond
'We the Judges...' : discovering constitutional Ius Commune Europaeum (January 29, 2009)
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Origins of legislative sovereignty and the legislative state. Vol. 1, Corasius and the renaissance systematization of Roman law
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
Linking - the human rights perspective
Abstract (1 s.). - Summary: The parliamentary ombudsman - a study in public law (s. 378-386).
Goal-oriented legislation and the general doctrines of public law
Prospects of the rule of law
Changing structures in modern legal systems and the legal state ideology
Russian risks - national treatment
Law and democracy
Legal reforms in China and Vietnam : a comparison of Asian communist regimes
Law and development
Legal mobilization under authoritarianism : the case of post-colonial Hong Kong
State and law in Eastern Asia
Uses and abuses of criminal law responses to terrorism
Four models of the Rechtsstaat
Rule of law : political and legal systems in transition
Society trapped in the network : does it have a future?
The politics of law and stability in China
Justice without law?
Prospects for constitutionalism in post-communist countries
Law in social theory
Very many democracies : a Festschrift presented to Kauko Sipponen on his 80th birthday
Economic, social and cultural rights : a textbook
Welfare and state : towards reconstruction
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
This book is about the role of lawyers in constructing a just society. Its central objective is to provide a deeper understanding of the relationship between lawyers' commercial aims and public aspirations. Drawing on interdisciplinary and comparative perspectives, it explores whether lawyers can transcend self-interest to meaningfully contribute to systems of political accountability, ethical advocacy and distributional fairness. Its contributors, some of the world's leading scholars of the legal profession, offer evidence that although justice is possible, it is never complete. Ultimately, how much - and what type of - justice prevails depends on how lawyers respond to, and reshape, the political and economic conditions in which they practise. As the essays demonstrate, the possibility of justice is diminished as lawyers pursue self-regulation in the service of power; it is enhanced when lawyers mobilize - in the political arena, workplace and law school - to contest it.
Building Europe without dividing lines : the role of the Council of Europe from 1949 to the new millenium
Restating the state?
The "Rechtsstaat" in the conceptual field - adversaries, alies and neutrals
