http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16158 comets
comets
Near-earth objects : the United Nations international conference
Target earth
Asteroids, comets and meteors : up in space
A descriptive catalogue of Greco-Roman comets from 500 B.C. to A.D. 400
Impact! : the threat of comets and asteroids
How to read the solar system
Magicians of the gods : the forgotten wisdom of Earth's lost civilisation
Long-term simulations of the dynamical evolution of comets and meteoroids
From stardust to planetesimals : synposium held as a part of the 108th Annual Meeting of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific held at Santa Clara, California, 24-26 June 1996 ; nceited by Yvonne J Pendleton and A. G. G. M. Tielens with the editorial assistance of Maureen L. Savage
The moon, meteorites and comets
The brilliant surprise
Universe
Perilous planet earth : catastrophes and catastrophism through the ages
The new Rosetta targets : observations, simulations and instrument performances
On the edge of gone
Space record breakers
Capture of comets during the evolution of a star cluster and the origin of the Oort's cloud
Atlas of the universe
The planets
Evolution of Jupiter family comets
Astronomy : a self-teaching guide
The data book of astronomy. Patrick Moore
The astronomy cafe : 365 questions and answers from "Ask the astronomer"
International workshop on collaboration and coordination among NEO observers and orbital computers : held at the Kurashiki City Art Museum, Japan from October 23 to 26, 2001
Simple stargazing : a friendly handbook for viewing the universe
The International Halley Watch atlas of large-scale phenomena
Comets in the post-Halley era : in part based on reviews presented at the 121st colloquium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Bamberg, Germany, April 24-28, 1989
On the calibration of COSIMA in-situ experiment onboard ESA Rosetta rendez-vous space mission towards the comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko
Interrelations between physics and dynamics for minor bodies n the solar system : Comptes rendus de la quinzieme Ecole de Printemps d'Astrophysique de Goutelas (France), 29 Avril - 04 Mai 1991
Various thoughts on the occasion of a comet
The evolution of long-period comets
A star shall fall
The Tunguska mystery
Book of world records. Natural world : learn all about our record breaking natural world!
The comet Halley archive : summary volume
Astronomy photographer of the year : [collection 1]
The Cambridge guide to the solar system
The age of two-faced Janus : the comets of 1577 and 1618 and the decline of the Aristotelian world view in the Netherlands
Near the end of the last Ice Age, a giant comet caused a global cataclysm, wiping out Earth's earliest civilization, a second soon followed. But, there were survivors who settled at key locations Gobekli Tepe in Turkey, Giza, ancient Sumer, Mexico, Peru and across the Pacific. But, the comet that wrought such destruction may not be done yet. An astronomical message encoded at Gobekli Tepe, and in Egypt's Sphinx, warns that the 'Great Return' will occur in this time.
Between the planets
Comets : and how to observe them
SWAN Lyman alpha imager cometary hydrogen coma observations
Space : stars, planets and spacecraft
European SL-9/Jupiter Workshop : February 13-15, 1995, ESO Headquarters, Garching bei München, Germany : proceedings
My first book of the solar system
Electric fields and cold electrons in a magnetospheric and cometary environment
The collision of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 and Jupiter : IAU colloquium 156 : proceedings of the Space Telescope Science Institute workshop, held in Baltimore, Maryland, May 9-12, 1995
Voyage through the universe. Comets, asteroids and meteorites
Comets and meteors
Presents a series of 250 significant events in the history of astronomy and space exploration, from the original formation of the galaxies, to the space mission to the planet Mars, to speculation about the end of the universe --
Christoph Rothmann's discourse on the comet of 1585 : an edition and translation with accompanying essays
Asteroids, comets, meteors 1993 : Proceedings of the 160th symposium of the International Astronomical Union, held in Belgirate, Italy, June 14-18, 1993
Cometography : a catalog of comets. Vol. 1, Ancient-1799
Meteorites, comets and planets
January 29, 2035. That's the day the comet is scheduled to hit-the big one. Denise and her mother and sister, Iris, have been assigned to a temporary shelter outside their hometown of Amsterdam to wait out the blast, but Iris is nowhere to be found, and at the rate Denise's drug-addicted mother is going, they'll never reach the shelter in time. A last-minute meeting leads them to something better than a temporary shelter-a generation ship, scheduled to leave Earth behind to colonize new worlds after the comet hits. But everyone on the ship has been chosen because of their usefulness. Denise is autistic and fears that she'll never be allowed to stay. Can she obtain a spot before the ship takes flight? What about her mother and sister?
Philip's atlas of the universe
Periodic comets : [proceedings of a workshop held in Montevideo, Uruguay, August 5-7, 1991]
An atlas of Comet Halley : as seen from South Africa
Nonequilibrium processes in the planetary and cometary atmospheres: theory and applications
Comet of the century : from Halley to Hale-Bopp
First space encyclopedia
Worlds in interaction : small bodies and planets of the solar system : proceedings of the meeting "Small bodies in the solar system and their interactions with the planets" held in Mariehamn, Finland, August 8-12, 1994
The comet of 44 B.C. and Caesar's funeral games
Everybody's comet : a layman's guide to comet Hale-Bopp
Small and large scale dynamics in the Milky Way
Rocks from space : meteorites and meteorite hunters
Dynamics and evolution of minor bodies with galactic and geological implications : proceedings of the conference held in Kyoto, Japan from October 28 to November 1, 1991
The space book : from the beginning to the end of time, 250 milestones in the history of space & astronomy
Trans-neptunian objects and comets
Applications of the few body problem : orbital evolution of comets and groups of galaxies
Statistical analysis of the polarization of asteroids and comets
Astronomy explained
The comet seekers
Roisin and Francois first meet in the snowy white expanse of Antarctica. And everything changes. While Roisin grew up in a tiny village in Ireland, ablaze with a passion for science and the skies and for all there is to discover about the world, Francois was raised by his beautiful young mother, who dreamt of new worlds but was unable to turn her back on her past. As we loop back through their lives, glimpsing each of them only when a comet is visible in the skies above, we see how their paths cross as they come closer and closer to this moment. Theirs are stories filled with love and hope and heartbreak, that show how strangers can be connected and ghosts can be real, and the world can be as lonely or as beautiful as the comets themselves.
Comet
A Comet of the enlightenment : Anders Johan Lexell's life and discoveries
Coherence
The greatest comets in history : broom stars and celestial scimitars
A comet of the Enlightenment : Anders Johan Lexell's life and discoveries
The garnd tour : a traveller's guide to the solar system
Through the ages. 2, Time, space, and eternity
This special edition of Syllecta Classica is devoted entirely to the above work. Included is a tabular summary of comets and other celestial objects attested in Greco-Roman sources, a comprehensive collection of texts referring to these objects, and discussion of the texts.
Rogue asteroids and doomsday comets : the search for the million megaton menace that threatens life on Earth
Fire in the sky : comets and meteors, the decisive centuries, in British art and science
Jupiter as the arbiter of comets
Hazards due to comets and asteroids
Matka maailmankaikkeuteen : Johdatusta tähtitieteeseen = A tour of the universe
In the days of the comet
The astronomy bible : the definitive guide to the night sky and the universe
