http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16198 mixed choirs
mixed choirs
Choral music by Bob Chilcott
The New Novello part-song book : forty-four British part-songs for mixed voices from Purcell to the present day
Bli hos oss = Stay with us
Rejoice in the Lamb : vocal score
Rejoice, the Lord is king! : great hymns from Westminster Abbey
Mary had a baby : (spiritual)
Harp of David
Three part singer : a collection for S.A.B. chorus
Encores for choirs 1
A London symphony
I'm gonna sing 'til the spirit moves in my heart : for SATB (divisi) a cappella
This have I done for you my true love : partsongs by Gustav Holst
Abstract.
At twilight : Choral music by Percy Grainger and Edvard Grieg
Cathedral music by William Mundy
Beyond all mortal dreams :  American a cappella
Silence and music
Voices of nature
Choral music
Belshazzar's feast
I bought me a cat : (children's song), for S. A. T. B. (tenor and soprano solos)
December celebration : new carols by seven American composers
Shakespeare in song
You are the sunshine of my life
A Choral fantasia : for soprano solo, chorus, organ, strings, brass and percussion, op. 51 (H 177)
Three classical madrigals for mixed chorus
Anthems
Cloudburst and other choral works
Something rich and strange : new Finnish choir repertoire = uutta suomalaista kuoromusiikkia
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
Songs of the lights
Over hill, over dale : Partsongs, folksongs and Shakespeare settings
Stabat mater, The Silent land
Encores for choirs 2
The Angels
Ode on St. Cecilia's day 1692
Appalachia ; Sea Drift
Got a home in that rock
The making of the drum
Life and breath : choral works
Hymn to freedom
The christmas spirit : The world's favourite hymns and carols
A christmas cantata
Sing 'n' swing : Pop-Songs für gemischten Chor = pop songs for mixed choir. Heft 3
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
Birthday sleep
The Beaufort Scale : Humoresque for unaccompanied mixed choir
Reincarnations : Mary Hynes, Anthony O'Daly, The coolin
The desert music ; Three movements
Christmas collection
For Thee, Suomi : excerpts from the tone-poem 'Finlandia' : fou four-part chotus of mixed voices
A Ceremony of carols
Christmas gospel hymns : für gemischten Chor (SATB) mit Klavierbegleitung =  for mixed choir (SATB) and piano accompaniment
The Complete anthems and services. 1
Psalms and motets for reflection
Not no faceless angel and other choral works
Rock for fun : 8 popig-swingende Songs und Hits für gemischten Chor (SATB oder SA1SA2B)
An American romantic
Fall and Resurrection
Fly me to the moon and other jazz classics : SATB/piano
The marriage of heaven and hell
I hate and I love = (Odi et amo) : a cycle for mixed chorus and percussion : based on poems of Gaius Valerius Catullus
Barber, Bernstein, Copland, Thompson
The dodger : (Campaign song), for T. T. B. B. with baritone solo
With a little help from my friends : 10 vocal parts/Gesangspartituren SSATB
Christmas gospel hymns : für gemischten Chor (SATB) mit Klavierbegleitung = for mixed choir (SATB) and piano accompaniment
Baroque christmas classics
A merry little Christmas : 12 popular classics for choirs
Ikon of light
Khoros : Eric Ericson Chamber Choir sings Ingvar Lidholm
Requiem and other sacred music
Russian's beautiful religious songs : from the 15th-20th century
Northern lights
Shall I compare thee? : 10 Shakespeare settings for mixed voices
Who are these angels? : new choral music
Choral edition. Volume 3
The bicentennial musical celebration : music for chorus
A Christmas present from Polyphony
Down by the sea : a collection of British folk songs
The passing of the year
Sing 'n' swing : Pop-Songs für gemischten Chor = pop songs for mixed choir. Heft 2
A cradle song - The tyger
Orchestral works. Vol. 3
The lost art of letter writing
Let's get singing : music from around the world for mixed choir
In my life : 10 vocal parts/Gesangspartituren SSATB
Jean Sibelius's works for mixed choir : a source study
Sleep, holy babe
Seven last words from the cross
Christmas in song : a treasure of traditional songs, favorite hymns and choice carols from all ages and from many lands selected for your singing Christmas
Stand by me : For SATB a cappella
The shout on arrival
The Fifth century
The sixteen
Eclectica : Choral Works
Springtime : for baritone and mixed choir, Op. 60 a
Cathedral Music by Thomas Tomkins
Christmas carols
My fair lady : Choral selections
Astronomy
The Boy from the New York City : For SATB and piano with optional instrumental accompaniment
From the Sweet-scented streams of eternity
Seven last words. For mixed choir SSATBB : from the Century dictionary
Classic soul : for SATB choir with piano accompaniment
Body and soul
Contemporary Finnish music. 3
Carols from King's
The deer's cry
Ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen = Into this world, I came as a lost one
Epiphany at St Paul's
Taize chants : Jesus remember, me
Mass in G minor
Successful warmups. book 2: singer's edition
Three songs : for SATB choir unaccompanied
Spirituals : a collection : eleven arrangements for mixed voice choirs
Amazing grace
Chorale classics : for mixed voices (S. A. T. B.)
My spirit hath rejoiced
Christmas and advent motets for 4 voices
A double madrigal : for mixed chorus with tenor, soprano and clarinet solo
Works for large chorus and orchestra
Venus and Adonis : A madrigal for mixed chorus from The Passionate Pilgrim"
O fons Bandusiae, splendidior vitro : for chorus of mixed voices
A different light
The Cloud Messenger, H111
Old American songs : complete : SATB and piano
Nine dawn watercolours, nine sunset watercolours
Venus' wheel
Hail! Bright Cecilia : Ode for St Cecilia's day 1692 Z328
Transcriptions : oeuvres de Bach, Barber, Berg, Chopin, Debussy, Mahler, Ravel, Wolf
Long time ago : (Ballad), for S. A. T. B.
The best of the Tallis Scholars : 25th anniversary
The many moods of Christmas ; Arrangements by Robert Russell Bennett
Four to sing : for S.A.T.B. voices
XL : Choral works for 40 voices
Silent night : The greatest hits of christmas
What a wonderful world : for mixed chorus
Serenade to music ; Five mystical songs ; Fantasia on Christmas carols ; Flos campi
Christmas carols from York Minster
Birthday sleep : A meditation on the incarnation for unaccompanied choir (SATB)
Symphony no. 1 in b flat minor
Symphony no. 5 in D major
Time is endless : Choral music
My soul doth magnify the Lord
O mare mio : Choral Works
Visions : choral music
Belshazzar's Feast : for mixed choir, baritone solo and orchestra
Yesterday I heard the rain
Sacred and profane and other choral works
Set me as a seal : Song of Solomon 8: 6-7
