http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16155 autobiographical approach
autobiographical approach
The most of Nora Ephron
Barefoot Gen. Volume five : the never ending war
Barefoot Gen. Volume ten : Never give up
To Sir, with love
Barefoot Gen. Volume one : a cartoon story of Hiroshima / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
Moonglow : a novel
Look at you now : one girl's journey from shame to strength
Uneasy happiness
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
An autobiographical study
Death by water
Early modern autobiography : theories, genres, practices
Look homeward, angel : the story of the buried life
A farewell to arms : the special edition
A whopping big celebration of the work of the late, great Nora Ephron, America's funniest-- and most acute-- writer, famous for her brilliant takes on life as we've been living it these last forty years.
Down and out in Paris and London
Dear life : stories
Aunt Sass : Christmas stories
Make me a woman
Portrays a young Irish Catholic's family experiences, political views, and poetic inspirations.
I remember nothing and other reflections
Scenes from an impending marriage : A prenuptial memoir
Couch tag
In 1933, Victor Serge was arrested by Stalin's police, interrogated, and held in solitary confinement for more than eighty days. Released, he spent two years in exile in remote Orenburg. These experiences were the inspiration for Midnight in the Century, Serge's searching novel about revolutionaries living in the shadow of Stalin's betrayal of the revolution. Among the exiles - true believers in a cause that no longer exists - gathered in the town of Chenor, or Black Waters, are the granite-faced old Bolshevik Ryzhik, stoic yet gentle Varvara, and Rodion, a young, self-educated worker who is trying to make sense of the world and history. They struggle in the unlikely company of Russian Orthodox Old Believers who are also suffering for their faith. Against unbelievable odds, the young Rodion will escape captivity and find a new life in the wild. Surviving the dark winter night of the soul, he rediscovers the only real, and most radical, form of resistance: hope
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
The story of the lost child
"In an unprecedented literary accomplishment, Herman Wouk, one of America's most beloved and enduring authors, reflects on his life and times from the remarkable vantage point of 100 years old. Many years ago, the great British philosopher Sir Isaiah Berlin urged Herman Wouk to write his autobiography. Wouk responded, "Why me? I'm nobody." Berlin answered, "No, no. You've traveled. You've known many people. You have interesting ideas. It would do a lot of good." Now, in the same year he has celebrated his hundredth birthday, Herman Wouk finally reflects on the life experiences that inspired his most beloved novels. Among those experiences are his days writing for comedian Fred Allen's radio show, one of the most popular shows in the history of the medium; enlisting in the US Navy during World War II; falling in love with Betty Sarah Brown, the woman who would become his wife (and literary agent) for sixty-six years; writing his Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, The Caine Mutiny; as well as a big hit Broadway play The Caine Mutiny Court Martial; and the surprising inspirations and people behind such masterpieces as The Winds of War, War and Remembrance, Marjorie Morningstar, and Youngblood Hawke. Written with the wisdom of a man who has lived through two centuries and the wit of someone who began his career as professional comedy writer, the first part of Wouk's memoir ("Sailor") refers to his Navy experience and writing career, the second ("Fiddler") to what he's learned from living a life of faith. Ultimately, Sailor and Fiddler is an unprecedented reflection from a vantage point few people have lived to experience"--
Silent night : the alternative school logbook 1984-1985
City of angels, or, the Overcoat of Dr. Freud
Music autoethnographies : making autoethnography sing : making music personal
Hello world
Reflecting back : Self-portraiture and autobiography on Instagram's selfies
On life-writing
In this collection of 20 comic strips, Lynda Barry wrestles with some of her 100 demons in her signature quirky, irrepressible voice.
Bread & wine : an erotic tale of New York
The happiness project : or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
Diary comics : January 2010 to September 2012
The Alhambra
The collected artwork
Farther away
Unforgettable things : poems
On Paris
Barefoot Gen. Volume eight : Merchants of death
Aspects of autobiographical theory and Sylvia Plath's Ariel
Me talk pretty one day
Barefoot Gen. Volume three : life after the bomb / translated by Project Gen
The Playboy : a comic-strip memoir
The mountain shadow
Tales of a hippy kid : road trippin' and skinny dippin'
Showa 1953-1989 : a history of Japan
Barefoot Gen. Volume six : writing the truth  / translated by Project Gen
Paying for it : a comic-strip memoir about being a john
The silence of our friends
Autobiographical reading
A death in the family. My struggle book 1
When you are engulfed in flames
Advertisements for myself
Notes from a defeatist
Going commando
Shrill : notes from a loud woman
Sailor and fiddler : reflections of a 100-year-old author
Metaphors of self : the meaning of autobiography
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
A winter book : selected stories
The lovely horrible stuff
Lunch in Paris : A love story, with recipes
I am fifteen and I do not want to die : the true story of young woman's wartime survival
Please release
A man in love. My struggle book 2
When it first hit bookstores in 2004, actress and new mother Jenny McCarthy's "Belly Laughs" became a "New York Times"-bestseller, popular for its candid discussion of the joys of pregnancy--the gassiness, constipation, queasiness, and exhaustion, plus the forgetfulness, crankiness, and constant worry. Never shy, frequently crude, and always laugh-out-loud funny, McCarthy covers it all in the grittiest of girlfriend detail, from morning sickness and hormonal rage, to hemorrhoids, pregnant sex, and the torture and sweet relief that is delivery. In July 2013, Barbara Walters confirmed that McCarthy would officially become a co-host on "The View" when it launches its seventeenth season in September. She will surely bring the outspoken humor that has made "Belly Laughs" such a perennial seller to the hit show.
The Cambridge companion to autobiography
Half a creature from the sea : a life in stories
Women's life writing and imagined communities
Bread & wine : an erotic tale of New York /|cwritten by Samuel R. Delany ; drawn by Mia Wolff ; introduction by Alan Moore
Critical narrative as pedagogy
Dancing in the dark. My struggle book 4
An age of license
Patterns of experience in autobiography
The view from Castle Rock : stories
Spit and passion
Barefoot Gen. Volume four : out of the ashes / translated by Project Gen
Frame as a tool to build autobiographical self in old and new media : a study of Marjane Satrapi's Persepolis
Forward moving shadows
Selected prose
"The past lay claim to the present" memory and narrative as a journey to one's self : a study of Damon Galgut's In a Strange Room
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
A portrait of the artist as a young man
Novels & other narratives 1986-1991
AUTOBIOGRAPHY: GENERAL. Guardian columnist Lindy West wasn't always loud. It's difficult to believe she was once a nerdy, terror-stricken teen who wanted nothing more than to be invisible. Fortunately for women everywhere, along the road she found her voice - and how she found it! That cripplingly shy girl, who refused to make a sound, grew up to be one of the loudest, shrillest, most fearless feminazis on the internet, making a living speaking up for what's right instead of what's 'cool'. In Shrill, Lindy recounts how she went from being the butt of people's jokes, to telling her own brand of jokes - ones that come with a meaningful agenda and aren't at someone else's expense. She reveals the obstacles and misogyny she's had to overcome to make herself heard, in a society that doesn't believe women (especially fat women and feminists) can ever be funny.
I am a Chechen!
The art of autobiography in 19th and 20th century England
Will you still love me if I wet the bed?
Village teacher! : the alternative school logbook, 1980-1981
The autobiography of Margaret Oliphant
Lark rise to Candleford : a trilogy
The dream of the red chamber
Happiness project, or, why I spent a year trying to sing in the morning, clean my closets, fight right, read Aristotle, and generally have more fun
See a grown man cry ; Now watch him die
My shadow in the distance
The empathy exams : essays
Twilight of the eastern gods
Of time and the river : a legend of man's hunger in his youth
Drawing being - delight in small things
The early novels
Belly laughs : the naked truth about pregnancy and childbirth
Finnish summary.
Come back, Como : winning the heart of a reluctant dog
A Russian novel
Midnight in the century
Mirror talk : genres of crisis in contemporary autobiography
Marbles : Mania, depression, Michelangelo, + me : a graphic memoir
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
A fool, free
Unlikely : a true love story
Barefoot Gen. Volume nine : Breaking down borders
Lark rise to Candleford
Dear life
The son
Dear friend, from my life I write to you in your life
Splithead
Barefoot Gen. Volume two : the day after / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
Brief loves that live forever
Picnic in Provence : a tale of love in France, with recipes
The wine of solitude
"The Cambridge Companion to Autobiography offers a historical overview of the genre from the foundational works of Augustine, Montaigne, and Rousseau through the great autobiographies of the Romantic, Victorian, and modern eras. Seventeen essays from distinguished scholars and critics explore the diverse forms, audiences, styles, and motives of life writings traditionally classified under the rubric of autobiography. Chapters are arranged in chronological order and are grouped to reflect changing views of the psychological status, representative character, and moral authority of the autobiographical text. The volume closes with a group portrait of late-modernist and contemporary autobiographies that, by blurring the dividing line between fiction and non-fiction, expand our understanding of the genre. Accessibly written and comprehensive in scope, the volume will appeal especially to students and teachers of non-fiction narrative, creative writing, and literature more broadly."--
The search warrant
Autobiographical moralizing in celebrity discussions on the Internet : how do discussion participants confess and testify in Finnish and English?
Star teacher : the alternative school logbook 1985-1986
Trashed
The box : tales from the darkroom
"Brown calmly lays out the facts of how he became not only a willing participant in but also a vocal proponent of one of the world's most hot-button topics--prostitution. Paying For It offers an entirely contemporary exploration of sex work--from the timid john who rides his bike to meet his escorts, wonders how to tip so as not to offend, and reads Dan Savage for advice, to the modern-day transactions complete with online reviews, seemingly willing participants, and clean apartments devoid of cliches street corners, drugs, or primps"--Publisher's web site.
My life and the beautiful music
Boyhood island. My struggle : book 3
Notes. 1, Born to be a larve
Barefoot Gen. Volume seven : Bones into dust / translated by Project Gen
Theatricalization of self : personal blogs as theatre performance
Setting the table : lessons and inspirations from one of the world's leading entrepreneurs
Dream of the red chamber
The ethnographic I : a methodological novel about autoethnography
Reminiscences of childhood : an approach to a comparative mythology
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Binky Brown meets the Holy Virgin Mary
Actors anonymous : a novel
