http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16141 nature study
nature study
Keepers of the animals : native American stories and wildlife activities for children
Scientific American : Helsinki
The Voyage of the Beagle
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Keepers of the night : native american stories and nocturnal activities for children
Narratives of doctoral studies in science education : making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Abisko Scientific Research Station
Analyzing international environmental regimes : from case study to database
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Systematics as normative holism
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Taxonomy, species richness and biogeography of Finnish crane flies (Diptera, Tipuloidea)
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Scientific inquiry and nature of science : implications for teaching, learning, and teacher education
Kevo subarctic research station
Knowledge meets landscape : interacting science, people, and natural resources in Amazonian rainforests
Summer world : a season of bounty
Keepers of the earth : native American stories and environmental activities for children
Evolutionary history and taxonomy of neotropical marattioid ferns : studies of an ancient lineage of plants
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
Transdisciplinary wildlife management : the XVI Nordic Congress of Wildlife Research, Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi, Finland, May 31-June 3, 2016 : Abstracts
The voyage of the "Beagle"
Science, technology, and society : a sourcebook on research and practice
Dig and sow! : how do plants grow?
Science in the school grounds : learning through landscapes
Child and nature : a book which documents everyday practical work and programmes concerning the subject child and nature for preschool children
The naturetrail omnibus
Good style : writing for science and technology
Identification and quantification of indirect land and resource use changes : challenges caused by expanding liquid biofuel production
The environment : a primary teacher's guide
Fireweed, roseroot, Bergenia and chokeberry : joint research for supporting the herb production
The voyage of the Beagle
Let your kids go wild outside : creative ways to help children discover nature and enjoy the great outdoors
The compleat naturalist : a life of Linnaeus
The serpent's promise : the Bible retold as science
Bug detective : amazing facts, myths and quirks of nature
Modelling in aquatic chemistry
Research in science education in Europe : perspectives, Structural problems and documentation 1976 : report of a cooperative study and a European contact workshop organised by the council of Europe and the Institute For Science Education - Federal Republic of Germany (Kiel)
Scientific American : Espoo
The National Geographic Society : 100 years of adventure and discovery
Nature activities for early childhood
Nature and Scripture in the Abrahamic religions : up to 1700.. Volume 1
Comparing indicator effectiveness for monitoring visitor impact at Intervales State Park, Brazil : park ranger-measured versus specialist-measured experience
Counting sheep! : why do we sleep?
Handbook of design research methods in education : innovations in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics learning and teaching
New Heritage : New Media and Cultural Heritage
Refiguring the map of sorrow : nature writing and autobiography
Naturalists and Azores before the 20th century
Carbon dynamics and ecosystem diversity of Amazonian peatlands
Is quantum theory relevant to the study of consciousness?
The travels of Peter Kalm, finnish-Swedish naturalist, through Colonial America, 1748-1751
From Finland to Niagara Falls : explorer Pehr Kalm in North America, 1748-1751
Trees in the school grounds : learning through landscapes
101 golden rules of birdwatching  : twitching tips and tales to inform and entertain
Keepers of life : discovering plants through native American stories and earth activities for children
The five biggest unsolved problems in science
The new conquest of Central Asia : a narrative of the explorations of the Central Asiatic expeditions in Mongolia and China, 1921-1930
The scientist and his tools
A child's introduction to natural history : the story of our living earth-from amazing animals and plants to fascinating fossils and gems
Representations of natural catastrophes in newspaper discourse
Darwin's other islands
Science under sail : Russia's great voyages to America 1728-1867
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
The gene : an intimate history
101 golden rules of bird watching : twitching tips and tales to inform and entertain
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Studies in the Paanajärvi-Kutsa region and the Finnish biological province of Koillismaa (Ks)
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
Hug a tree : and other things to do outdoors with young children
Critical reading : making sense of research papers in life sciences and medicine
Sharing the joy of nature : nature activities for all ages
Pliny the elder on science and technology
Environmental monitoring in Finland 2009-2012
The Cambridge companion to Darwin
EVALUATION OF MARKET POTENTIAL OF BRAZIL FOR FOREST MACHINERY COMPANIES: CASE KESLA
Being a beast
50 nature projects for kids
North Karelian biosphere reserve: characteristics and activities
Guide to publishing a scientific paper
Impact of the globalizing forest industry of ecosystem services : corporate responsibility and the sustainable management of coupled human-environment systems
Species richness of Neotropical parasitoid wasps (Hymenoptera : Ichneumonidae) revisited
Summary.
Linnaeus : nature and nation
This book explores the ways in which small scale research studies arise from issues of practice, and how they are conceptualised, theorised and implemented using a variety of methodological approaches and frameworks. The narratives written by thirteen doctoral students tell real stories of projects and challenges that researchers face when making the transition from educational practitioner to researcher. Considering case studies from the UK, Sweden and Germany, chapters seek to investigate and inform others about how doctoral students solved individual and typical problems linking practice and research. Each methodological journey highlights and illustrates the iterative and cyclic nature of research, and the normality of the process of going back and forth between data and theory, making changes of direction as research proceeds. The book includes frameworks for combining research, theory and practice, drawing from the methodological decisions and conclusions each contributor made to develop their own practice oriented research. Narratives of Doctoral Studies in Science Education will be key reading for researchers and academics in the fields of educational research, science education, research methods and higher education, as well as masters and doctoral students undertaking their own research projects.
Fun with nature
Molluscan radiations and landscape evolution in Miocene Amazonia
Indian journal of geo-marine sciences
Data bases (DB) and knowledge bases (KB) in regional arctic research : the problems of organization and effective application
Boreal environment research
Proceedings of the First and Second Symposia on Collection Building and Natural History Studies in Asia
Põhja-Eesti arheoloogilised maastikud = Archaeological landscapes of North-Estonia
The Kevo subarctic research station of the university of Turku
Great caves of the world
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
Nature study for conservation : a handbook for environmental education
Sharing nature with children II : a sequel to the classic parents' & teachers' nature awareness guidebook : formerly Sharing the joy of nature
Sharing nature with children : the classic parents' and teachers' nature awareness guidebook
Ancient natural history : histories of nature
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
