http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16121 children of separated parents
children of separated parents children of divorced parents
Vanishing acts
Living with mum and living with dad : my two homes
Parent problems 2 : looking back at our parent's divorce
Effects of parental divorce on children's personality development
Between two worlds : the inner lives of children of divorce
Did I mention I need you?
Renegotiating family relationships : divorce, child custody, and mediation
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
"Does Wednesday mean mom's house or dad's?": parenting together while living apart
Children of divorce
My husband's wife
The wild things
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
The suitcase kid
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
Parent problems! : children's views on life when parents split up
Did I mention I love you?
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
Children, place and indentity : nation and locality in middle childhood
Helping children cope with separation and loss
Mental health handbook for schools
Children of divorce : stories of loss and growth
The essential guide to... children & separation : surviving divorce & family break-up
Marhaban bika ilá al-'alam, ayyuha al-walid! = Welcome to the world baby!
The divorce revolution : the unexpected social and economic consequences for women and children in America
You came back : a novel
Divorce and the special needs child
Help your children cope with your divorce
In many Western societies, there has been a tremendous increase in family diversity over the course of the past few decades, resulting in a considerable prevalence of non-traditional family forms. The increased instability of marital and nonmarital unions entails new challenges for both parents and children. In this special issue, family scholars from different disciplines examine from a life course perspective how re-partnering processes work and how family relationships are rearranged in order to adapt to the altered needs and requirements of post-separation family life. Recent demographic changes such as the rise in divorce rates have contributed to a loss of biographical security. From a life course perspective, partnership and parenthood biographies have become more complex, which has challenged the notion of a "normative biography“ of life-long marriage and the formation of a nuclear family with shared biological children. Thus, many individuals face the challenge of rearranging their lives after a separation of divorce, which includes not only the search for a new partnership but also the redefinition of existing ties to one's ex-partner (and often co-parent) and to one's biological and social children. Family life often becomes regulated legally (e.g. via custody arrangements), and even the basic definitions of the boundaries of post-separation families may be blurred. The contributions to this volume illustrate that post-divorce families are complex social units and that the involved individuals actively create their life courses in a social process.
Adult attachment styles : a person-oriented approach
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
Eruption pattern and occlusal development of the permanent dentition among different population and ethnic groups
The use of assisted fertilization in Finland : health effects and equity
Mansfield Park
Interparental conflict and child development : theory, research, and applications
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Did I mention I miss you?
Mothers without custody
Sand chronicles. Vol. 1
A father's revenge
Variability in the social construction of the child
Mum and dad glue
Torn asunder : children, the myth of the good divorce, and the recovery of origins
Children, feelings and divorce : finding the best outcome
Nuunuu, adduunka ku su dhawow! = Welcome to the world baby!
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Health implication of family breakdown : families with children in divorce
Working with children and parents through separation and divorce : the changing lives of children
The association between single-parent family background and physical morbidity, mortality, and criminal behaviour in adulthood
Beautiful boy : a father's journey through his son's meth addiction
What Maisie knew
Social determinants of mortality from childhood to early adulthood
Regional differences of child under-nutrition in Bangladesh
The long way home: the powerful 4-step plan for adult children of divorce
Growing up with a single parent : what hurts, what helps
Understanding differences between divorced and intact families : stress, interaction, and child outcome
The decision
Divided families : what happens to children when parents part
The forgotten waltz
No ordinary family
The discourse of child counselling
Parental divorce and depression in young adulthood
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Dividing the child : social and legal dilemmas of custody
Child support : from debt collection to social policy
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
A thousand splendid suns
Joint custody with a jerk : raising a child with an uncooperative ex = a hands-on, practical quide to communicating with a difficult ex-spouse
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
The changing experience of childhood : families and divorce
While no one was watching
Childhood identities : self and social relationships in the experience of the child
Life after divorce : economic, social and psychological well-being among Swedish adults and children following family dissolution
Parenting apart : how separated and divorced parents can raise happy and secure children
What Maisie knew ; The pupil
In the child's best interests? : divorce court welfare and the search for a settlement
Children and family breakdown : report on a WHO meeting Kiel, 4-7 Dec. 1984
The postdivorce family : children, parenting, and society
Parental divorce and the risk of common mental disorders in young adulthood
The book of summers
The wild things : a novel
Amid the current nationwide debate over what “marriage” is, this book examines anew the nature and meaning of marriage from the standpoint of what adult children of divorce have actually experienced. Upholding the inextricable link between our personal identity and our origin in a union of two ― and, more deeply, in the Fatherhood of God ― the contributors to this volume reflect on the damage that divorce does to children, opening up important questions for all of us: What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to love and to marry? After decades of talk about the rights of adults to get a divorce and the benefits for children of an amicable split between parents (a so-called “good divorce”), these authors ― theologians, philosophers, political scientists, lawyers, psychologists, sociologists, and cultural critics ― effectively unsettle conventional opinion. Includes contributions by Richard Fitzgibbons, Elizabeth Kantor, Margaret Laracy, Lisa Lickona, Antonio López, Ryan MacPherson, Elizabeth Marquardt, Margaret Harper McCarthy, Andrew Root, Jeanne Heffernan Schindler, Nathan Schlueter, Andrew Sodergren, Charles E. Stokes, Paul Sullins, Vicki Thorn, Maximilia Um, Gintautas Vaitoska and Amy Ziettlow.
Fortune cookie
Mark Spark in the dark ; Jimmy Jelly
Nonresidential parenting : new vistas in family living
The development of sex typing in middle childhood
Divorce and the school
Parental separation at birth and maternal depressed mood in pregnancy: associations with schizophrenia and criminality in the offspring
Family dynamics after separation : a life course perspective on post-divorce families
When sixteen-year-old Blake goes to a mysterious, by-invitation-only carnival he somehow knows that it could save his comatose brother, but soon learns that much more is at stake if he fails to meet the challenge presented there by the beautiful Cassandra.
