http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16101 trolls
trolls
The long Earth
Lips touch
The secret histories : Hobgoblins or the Liber Mysteriorum Domesticorum
The element encyclopedia of fairies
Mighty Troll and Wonder Dragon
ElfQuest : the final quest. volume 2 / by Wendy and Richard Pini ; colors by Sonny Strait ; letters by Nate Piekos of Blambot
When the Tooth Fairy forgot
The last troll
Pixie felt : using the felting needle
Longing to fight dragons over taking the advice of various family members, spunky ten-year-old Mirka Herschberg hones her skills in her Orthodox Jewish community before accepting a challenge from a witch to defeat a giant troll / World Cat.
Long live the queen
The genre of trolls : the case of a Finnish-Swedish folk belief tradition
Trolls : a guide to the uz
The queen is dead
Hereville : how Mirka got her sword
Goblin secrets
Cassels's dictionary of Norse myth and legend
Troll wood
The fauni fantasia
Super Billy Goats Gruff : a graphic novel
Faeries, elves and goblins : the old stories
Of orcs and men : PlayStation 3
Of orcs and men : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Peikko, the foolish ogre : Finnish folk tales for children
Troll swap
Imagining the supernatural north
The goblin companion : a field guide to goblins
The girl who never was
God save the queen
It is time. Sunstream, son of Wolfrider chief Cutter Kinseeker, finally fulfills his destiny and becomes the psychic link among all the elfin tribes scattered across the World of Two Moons. At long last, the seeds planted 20,000 years ago in the original, classic Quest can come to fruition. But a devastating secret, long hidden in plain sight, is also moving into the light. When the full impact of this revelation becomes known, it will affect the entire elfin race forever.
New felt : using the felting needle
The three billy goats gruff
The new adventures of the wishing-chair : the land of mythical creatures
Mummy's little monster
The little troll
Sir Scallywag and the battle for stinky bottom
The troll king
Shadow bringer
The illustrated encyclopaedia of fairies
The little people : stories of fairies, pixies, and other small folk
The genre of trolls : the case of a Finland-Swedish folk belief tradition
Switched
The wrong Pong
The Barefoot book of giants, ghosts and goblins : traditional tales from around the world
Alexandra the royal baby fairy
The bag of bones
Titchy witch and the bully boggarts
Labyrinth
Are trolls, bears and Sámis people too? : considering the mythic ethnography of Old Norse culture
Troggle the troll
For generations, the elves sought a safe haven against all who would do them harm. But the dream that Chief Cutter and his Wolfriders fought and died for, the Palace of the High Ones, may be the very thing destroying them. The skills that helped them survive the harsh world are fading, and there is a growing threat from a tyrant obsessed with exterminating all elves--creating a disastrous brew that must surely boil over.
Torn
The Land of Long Ago
Children's and youth books which received recognition 2010 - 2011
Ghouls and monsters
Lips touch : three times
Trolls : philosophy and wisdom
Noddy and the Singing Bush
Stumble : an Icelandic troll story
In a glass grimmly
Trolls lurk under bridges waiting to eat children, threaten hobbits in Middle-Earth, and invade the dungeons of Hogwarts. Often they are depicted as stupid, slow, and ugly creatures, but they also appear as comforting characters in some children' s stories or as plastic dolls with bright, fuzzy hair. Today, the name of this fantastic being from Scandinavia has found a wider reach: it is the word for the homeless in California and slang for the antagonizing and sometimes cruel people on the Internet. But how did trolls go from folktales to the World Wide Web? To explain why trolls still hold our interest, John Lindow goes back to their first appearances in Scandinavian folklore, where they were beings in nature living beside a preindustrial society of small-scale farming and fishing. He explores reports of actual encounters with trolls - meetings others found plausible in spite of their better judgment - and follows trolls' natural transition from folktales to other domains in popular culture.
The usborne big book of big monsters
Arthur and revenge of Maltazard : PS3
The Goblin Emperor
Moving pictures : a Discworld novel
Noddy and the runaway cakes
The troll
Moomin's little book of words
Dragons, little people, fairies, trolls and elves
The ogre of Oglefort
The swivel-eyed ogre-thing
Girl who never was
The boy who lost Fairyland
Hobitti : odottamaton matka : 3D = The hobbit : an unexpected journey
Noddy and the driving lesson
The use of magic in transformations, weather and entrapments by Finnar, Bjarmar and other inhabitants of the north in the fornaldarsögur (ca. 1200-1400)
Sir Lance-a-little and the terribly ugly troll
Trolls : an unnatural history
Saddexdii Orgi Ee Ilma Garaf = The three billy goats Gruff
The three billy goats Gruff
Legends of trolls and the Bible
Thud!
Castle panic
Scream Sea : Elf Girl and Raven Boy
Icelandic trolls
The long war
Book Girl and the scribe who faced God. Part 1
ElfQuest : the final quest. volume 1 / by Wendy and Richard Pini ; colors by Sonny Strait ; letters by Nate Piekos of Blambot
