http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16140 short-term employment
short-term employment
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Labour flexibility : a factor of economic and social performance of Finland in the 1990s
Non-standard employment in post-industrial labour markets : an occupational perspective
Work, family policies and transitions to adulthood in Europe
This volume addresses issues of precariousness in a broad, interdisciplinary perspective, looking at socio-economic transformations as well as the identity formation and political organizing of precarious people. The collection bridges empirical research with social theory to problematize and analyse the precariat.
"We live in a tumbleweed society, where job insecurity is rampant and widely seen as inevitable. Companies are transforming the way they organize work. While new working conditions offer gains for some workers, others lose out. Home life offers little respite: while diverse types of families are more accepted than ever before, stability is increasingly lacking in our intimate lives. In The Tumbleweed Society, sociologist Allison Pugh examines the ways we navigate questions of commitment and flexibility at work and at home in a society where insecurity has become the norm. Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents who vary in their experiences of job insecurity and family structure, Pugh explores how people are adapting to the new culture of insecurity and how these adaptations themselves affect what we can expect from each other. Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, people construct stronger walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, Pugh argues, often has the effect of making intimate lives even more fraught, reproducing the very tumbleweed dynamics they seek to check. Pugh shows that our experiences of insecurity shape the way we talk about obligations, how we interpret them as commitments we will or will not shoulder, how we conceive of what we owe each other--indeed, how we are able to weave the fabric of our connected lives"--
Precarious Japan
Gurus, hired guns, and warm bodies : itinerant experts in a knowlege economy
Described by Noam Chomsky as 'a very important book', Guy Standing's The Precariat has achieved cult status as the first account of this emerging class of people, facing lives of insecurity, moving in and out of jobs that give little meaning to their lives. Guy Standing warns that the rapid growth of the precariat is producing instabilities in society. It is a dangerous class because it is internally divided, leading to the villainisation of migrants and other vulnerable groups. And, lacking agency, its members may be susceptible to the siren calls of political extremism. He argues for a new politics, in which redistribution and income security are reconfigured and in which the fears and aspirations of the precariat are made central to a progressive strategy. Since first publication of this book in 2011, the precariat has become an ever more significant global phenomenon, highly visible in the Occupy movement and in protest movements around the world. In a new preface Guy Standing discusses such developments - are they indicative of the emergence of a new collective spirit, or do they simply reveal the growing size and growing anger of this new class?
Labour flexibility : a factor of the economic and social performance of Finland in the 1990s
The new social division : making and unmaking precariousness
Non-standard employment and health with respect to sense of coherence and social capital
Piecework bargaining
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
The fixed time nurses ́experiences about good nursing care in the sense of responsibility
Alternative employment and well-being : contract heterogeneity and differences among individuals
Temporary jobs in Sweden : incidence, exit, and on-the-job training
Migration, precarity, and global governance : challenges and opportunities for labour
Neo-liberal policies and institutional changes have produced a huge and growing number of people with sufficiently common experiences to be called an emerging class. In this book Guy Standing introduces what he calls 'The Precariat' - a growing number of people across the world living and working precariously, usually in a series of short-term jobs, without recourse to stable occupational identities, stable social protection or protective regulations relevant to them. They include migrant workers, but also locals. Standing argues that this class of people could produce new instabilities in society. They are increasingly frustrated and dangerous because they have no voice, and hence they are vulnerable to the siren calls of extreme political parties. He outlines a new kind of good society, with more people actively involved in civil society and the precariat re-engaged. He goes on to consider one way to a new better society - an unconditional basic wage for everyone, contributed by the state, which could be topped up through employment. This is a topical, and a radical book, which will appeal to a broad market concerned by the increasing problems of job insecurity and civic disengagement.
On the job : is long-term employment a thing of the past?
Management and organization of temporary agency work
The tumbleweed society : working and caring in an age of insecurity
Precarious working tourists : working holiday makers in Australia
Internet, mail, and mixed-mode surveys : the tailored design method
Expert forecast on emerging psychosocial risks related to occupational safety and health
Temporary employment and health
Job stability in Finland 1965-2004 : evidence from private sector pension registers
Transnational labour regulation : a case study of temporary agency work
Non-standard employment in Europe : paradigms, prevalence and policy responses
The night cleaner
Fran Abrams was commissioned by the Guardian to work as a night cleaner at the Savoy - living on (or as it turned out - below) the minimum wage. A short version of that experience appeared in the paper in January 2002. For Profile, she spent a month living on (in fact below) the minimum wage in South Yorkshire working in a pickle factory and then another month in Scotland working as a care assistant. In the tradition of George Orwell's Down & Out in London & Paris, this book shows what it is like to try to live on £4.10 an hour. Where can you live? What can you afford to eat? Or do in the evening? What are the jobs - and the workmates and bosses like? This book, in entertaining prose, sympathetic portraits and a telling eye for detail reveals all - including the extraordinary differences across the length of Britain.
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 05/2009, Global crisis : resistance, proposals, strategies
The precariat : the new dangerous class
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
The good temp
Below the breadline : living on the minimum wage
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Learning in the workplace : new developments
The future of lifelong learning and work : critical perspective
Employment contracts, psychological contracts, and employee well-being : an international study
Employment, unemployment,  marginalization : studies on contemporary labour markets
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Gender and the contours of precarious employment
"Drawing on 80 in-depth interviews with three groups of parents (mostly women) who vary in their experiences of job insecurity, Pugh explores how people adapt to the new American landscape of uncertainty and insecurity--some with cool acceptance, others with denial or pragmatism, and still others with astounding altruism and over-commitment. She observes that many workers today adopt what she calls the "one-way honor system." Faced with perpetual insecurity both at work and at home, Pugh finds that people defensively construct stronger and thicker walls between the two, expecting little or nothing from their jobs and placing nearly all of their expectations for enduring and fulfilling connections on their intimate relationships. This trend, she argues, often has the effect of making individuals' intimate lives, in which some invest so much in an effort to countervail the insecurity of work, in fact more fraught, reproducing the very "tumbleweed" dynamics they seek to check. By examining how we adapt ourselves, and prepare our children, for a new environment of uncertainty, Pugh gives us a finely detailed rendering of what "commitment" now means and how we still try to find it"--
New capitalism? : the transformation of work : Kevin Doogan
Managing the margins : gender, citizenship, and the international regulation of precarious employment
Contingent employment in Europe and the United States
Transform! : European journal for alternative thinking and political dialogue. 06/2010, Porto Alegre : the world ten years after
Crossing the great divide : worker risk and opportunity in the new economy
