http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16165 leprosy
leprosy
The island
Leprosy in premodern medicine : a malady of the whole body
The sick rose, or, Disease and the art of medical illustration
Integrating stigmatized people affected with leprosy (PAL) : a case study of Besidimo Leprosy Relief Center
The last warner woman
The Island
WHO Expert Committee on Leprosy : eighth report
Suicide and agency : anthropological perspectives on self-destruction, personhood and power
Culture, health and illness
Challenged lives : a medical anthropological study of leprosy in Nepal
English summary: Calling, serving, coping: sisters at the Orivesi leprosy hospital (1904-1953).
This paradise of yours
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
In the shadow of crows
Sex, dissidence and damnation : minority groups in the Middle Ages
Leprosy and charity in medieval Rouen
Between the twelfth and fifteenth centuries, Rouen was one of the greatest cities in western Europe. The effective capital of the "Angevin Empire" between 1154 and 1204 and thereafter a leading city in the realm of the Capetian kings of France, it experienced substantial growth, the emergence of communal government, and the ravages of plague and the Hundred Years' War. This book examines the impact of leprosy upon Rouen during this period, and the key role played by charity in the society and religious culture of the city and its hinterland. Based upon extensive archival research, it offers a new understanding of responses to disease and disability in medieval Europe. It charts how attitudes towards lepers, and perceptions of their disease, changed over time, explores the relationship between leprosy, charity and practices of piety, and considers how leprosy featured in growing concerns about public health. It also sheds important new light on medical practice and practitioners in medieval France.
The human condition : photojournalism 95.
People are not the same : leprosy and identity in twentieth-century Mali
The medieval leper and his northern heirs
On the margins of a minority : leprosy, madness, and disability among the Jews of Medieval Europe
"Lepers outside the gate" : excavations at the cemetery of the Hospital of St. James and St. Mary Magdalene, Chichester, 1986-87 and 1993
Don't fence me in : leprosy in modern times
Walking corpses : leprosy in Byzantium and the medieval West
