http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16168 sugar industry
sugar industry
The condition of sustainability
Environmental impacts of sugar production : the cultivation and processing of sugarcane and sugar beet
Narratives of colonialism : sugar, Java and the Dutch
The EU sugar regime and forthcoming WTO obligations
Comparison of disaccharides and polyalcohols as stabilizers in freeze-dried protein formulations
The Finnish sugar industry 1756-1956 : 200 years of sugar industry
The sugar markets and the Everything But Arms (EBA) of the European Union
Sugar heritage and tourism in transition
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Sugar and society in China : peasants, technology, and the world market
Sugar & railroads : a Cuban history, 1837-1959
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
Development of a production planning tool for optimisation of an evaporation system
Policy choice under imperfect competition with an application to the Finnish sugar market
This land is ours now : social mobilization and the meanings of land in Brazil
Sweeteners and sugar alternatives in food technology
Scheduling batch processes with MILP and evolutionary algorithms
Abstract (1 s.).
On the effects of institutional arrangements for innovation in clusters : a comparative case study of sugar clusters in São Paulo, the North East of Brazil and Cuba
New isomerization technology for high fructose syrup production
Sweetening "bitter sugar" : Jock Campbell, the Booker reformer in British Guiana, 1934-1966
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
New techniques of whey processing
The case against sugar
The Finnish sugar sector and its multiplier effects
Economic impacts of trade liberalization on the world sugar market
The cultural politics of sugar : Caribbean slavery and narratives of colonialism
Microbial production of xylitol, L-xylulose and L-xylose
The sugar markets and the everything but arms (EBA) of the European Union
Sugar processing and by-products of the sugar industry
Tiivistelmässä väärä nimi: SBR method technological design of sewage disposal in small town of China.
Postharvest biotechnology of sugar crops
Ancient Indian life
Effect of enzymatic xylan removal on fiber and paper properties of birch kraft pulp
The Betafin news : Finnsugar bioproductsćustomer magazine
Cheaper raw materials for Europe's industries: sugar and starch
Cuban economic policy and ideology : the ten million ton sugar harvest
Sugar policy reform in the European Union and in world sugar markets
Carbohydrates and their properties in food chemistry
Fat Planet : The Obesity Trap and How We Can Escape it
Sugar : a bittersweet history
