http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16124 explosions
explosions
Spooky action at a distance : the phenomenon that reimagines space and time and what it means for black holes, the big bang and theories of everything
London Bridges
ATEX guidelines : guidelines on the application of the European Parliament and Council Directive 94/9/EC of 23 March 1994 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning equipment and protective systems intended for use in potentially explosive atmospheres
Big bang : the most important scientific discovery of all the time and why you need to know about it
Interim guidance notes for the design and protection of topside structures against explosion and fire
How to build a universe : from the big bang to the end of the universe
Proceedings of the Finnex 2002 Seminar, 9-11 September 2002, Levi, Kittilä, Finland
Protection of buildings against explosions
The goldfinch
The never-ending days of being dead : dispatches from the frontline of science
A brief history of time : from the big bang to the black hole
Heart of darkness : unraveling the mysteries of the invisible universe
Universal brings back together the bestselling authors of The Quantum Universe to show that by asking questions about the world around us, everyone can think like a physicist and grasp the grandeur of our cosmos. Physics is about asking questions. But what are good questions? How do we understand the fundamental forces of the Universe and its remarkable uniformity? From what fridges tell us about the direction of events unfolding, to how magnets reveal spacetime, and how we know the age of things from the Atlantic Ocean, to the Earth, the Sun and the galaxies, Universal is the story of simple questions with sublime answers.
The chemistry of explosives
Hazard identification and evaluation in a local community
Abstract: Safety factors of explosives in Raikka Oy.
Rock blasting and explosives engineering
Environmentally friendly alternatives for lead azide, lead styphate and tetrazene
The Tunguska mystery
Atomic swarm
Bomb hunters : in Afganistan with Britain's elite bomb disposal unit
Universal : a guide to the cosmos
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
Bang! : the complete history of the universe
A brief history of time
A brief history of time : the twentieth anniversary edition of the world's bestselling science book
The changing universe : Big Bang and after
Origins : the scientific story of creation
Handbook of explosion prevention and protection
The Goldfinch
The carriage of dangerous goods and explosives in ships : report of the Minister's standing advisory committee
Non-binding guide to good practice for implementing the European Parliament and Council Directive 1999/92/EC on minimum requirements for improving the safety and health protection of workers potentially at risk from explosive atmospheres
Keeper of the bride
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the universe
Metal combustion in explosives and propellants
Räjähdysvaarallisten tilojen sähköasennukset = Electrical installations in explosive atmospheres
About time : from sun dials to quantum clocks, how the cosmos shapes our lives - and we shape the cosmos
Ballistic trauma in Finland : an epidemiologic and clinical study of firearm and explosion injuries
Applied chemistry : a textbook for engineers and technologists
Electrometric methods for product and process control in the explosives industry
Impacts of Persian civilization on our world
Summary: Acrylonitrile storage tank exploding and catching fire at Kaipiainen, Anjalankoski, Finland, on 13 September 2002.
See inside the universe
Dead letters : an inspector Best mystery
A brief history of time : from the big bang to black holes
What on earth happened? : the planet, life and people from the Big Bang to the present day
Aspects of spectator fields in post-inflationary resonant particle production
The third gate : a novel
The unknown universe in 10 chapters
Koneiden turvallisuus. Osa 2, Riskin arviointi = Safety of machinery. Part 2, Risk assessment
Unknown quantity
Helsinki homicide : behind closed doors
The last minute
Field screening method for TNT and RDX in groundwater
What on earth happened? ... in brief : the planet, life and people from the big bang to the present day
Endless universe : beyond the Big Bang
Curse of the narrows : the Halifax explosion 1917
Dangerous energy : the archaeology of gunpowder and military explosives manufacture
Sfs-käsikirja. 93-2, Koneiden turvallisuus : Safety of machinery. Osa 2: Riskin arviointi ; Risk assessment
Our mathematical universe : my quest for the ultimate nature of reality
The ageing behaviour of magnesium-strontium nitrate pyrotechnic compositions
The big bang : a history of explosives
Isentropic exergy and pressure of the shock wave caused by the explosion of a pressure vessel
Alfred Nobel : a biography
Numerical simulation of peat dust explosions
If Nina Cormier's wedding had taken place, she would be dead. But after the bride was left at the altar, the church stood empty when the bomb exploded. It wasn't until a stranger tried to run her off the road that Nina realized someone actually wanted to kill her. But who? That's what Detective Sam Navarro has to find out...fast. With a nightmare unfolding all around them, Sam and Nina must try to decipher the terrifying truth: they are at the mercy of a brilliant madman, one who is playing for keeps....
Confinement in the diode laser ignition of energetic materials
Understanding vented gas explosions
Why does the world exist? : an existential detective story
Safety factors of explosives in Raikka Oy
The greatest intergalactic guide to space ever by the brainwaves
Ape house
Death of a village
Combustion
Beware invisible cows : my search for the soul of the Universe
