http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1615 film crews
film crews
Black Venus, 2010 : they called her "Hottentot"
Representation : cultural representations and signifying practices
The Shona and their neighbours
Latinos : remaking America
Berg encyclopedia of world dress and fashion. Volume 7, East Australia, New Zealand, and the Pacific Islands
Botswana and its people
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
Microtrends : the small forces behind tomorrow's big changes
Critical issues in qualitative research methods ; Janice M. Morse (ed.)
The Helsinki School. Vol. 5, From the past to the future
Brazil on the rise : the story of a country transformed
White teeth
The independent filmmaker's law and business guide
With other eyes : looking at race and gender in visual culture / editor: Lisa Bloom
Among unknown tribes : rediscovering the photographs of explorer Carl Lumholtz
The Roma Journeys [Le romané phirimàta]
"In this book, Robert L. Kelly challenges the preconceptions that hunter-gatherers were Paleolithic relics living in a raw state of nature, instead crafting a position that emphasizes their diversity, and downplays attempts to model the original foraging lifeway or to use foragers to depict human nature stripped to its core. Kelly reviews the anthropological literature for variation among living foragers in terms of diet, mobility, sharing, land tenure, technology, exchange, male-female relations, division of labor, marriage, descent, and political organization. Using the paradigm of human behavioral ecology, he analyzes the diversity in these areas and seeks to explain rather than explain away variability, and argues for an approach to prehistory that uses archaeological data to test theory rather than one that uses ethnographic analogy to reconstruct the past"--
American exceptionalism : a double-edged sword
Agitating images : photography against history in indigenous Siberia
Exploring the Caucasus in the 21st century : essays on culture, history and politics in a dynamic context
Things in culture, culture in things
Dimensions of Japanese society : gender, marigins and mainstream
The grip book : the studio grip's essential guide
Necessary conjunctions : the social self in medieval England
All things must fight to live : stories of war and deliverance in Congo
As a young South African woman of about twenty, Saartjie Baartman, the so-called Hottentot Venus, was brought to London and placed on exhibit in 1810. Clad in the Victorian equivalent of a body stocking, and paraded through the streets and on stage in a cage she became a human spectacle in London and Paris. Baartmans distinctive physique became the object of ridicule, curiosity, scientific inquiry, and desire until and after her premature death. The figure of Sarah Baartman was reduced to her sexual parts. Black Venus 2010 traces Baartmans memory in our collective histories, as well as her symbolic history in the construction and identity of black women as artists, performers, and icons. The wide-ranging essays, poems, and images in Black Venus 2010 represent some of the most compelling responses to Baartman. Each one grapples with the enduring legacy of this young African woman who forever remains a touchstone for black women. Contributors include: Elizabeth Alexander, Holly Bass, Petrushka A Bazin, William Jelani Cobb, Lisa Gail Collins, Renée Cox, J. Yolande Daniels, Carole Boyce Davies, Leon de Wailly, Manthia Diawara, Diana Ferrus, Cheryl Finley, Nikky Finney, Kianga K. Ford, Terri Francis, Sander Gilman, Renée Green, Joy Gregory, Lyle Ashton Harris, Michael D. Harris, Linda Susan Jackson, Kellie Jones, Roshini Kempadoo, Simone Leigh, Zine Magubane, E. Ethelbert Miller, Robin Mitchell, Charmaine Nelson, Tracey Rose, Radcliffe Roye, Bernadette Searle, Lorna Simpson, Debra S. Singer, Penny Siopis, Hank Willis Thomas, Kara Walker, Michele Wallace, Carla Williams, Carrie Mae Weems, J. T. Zealy, and the editor.
Determinants of bone strenght and predictors of hip fracture among Finnish adults : results from the health 2000 survey and the Mini-Finland health survey
The throwback special : a novel
The semiotics of animal representations
Bourdieu's secret admirer in the Caucasus : a world-system biography
Survival in the rainforest : change and resilience among the Punan Vuhang of Eastern Sarawak, Malaysia
Pieter Hugo : Messina - Musina / [text: Stacy Hardy]
Culture Shock! : Singapore
Nineteenth century art : a critical history
Austerity and prosperity : perspectives on Finnish society
Japanese society
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Australian politics : a reader
Competing eyes : visual encounters with alterity in Central and Eastern Europe
Palestine and Jewish history : criticism at the borders of ethnography
Better location shooting : techniques for video production
Graždanskoe obŝestvo na Evropejskom Severe : ponâtie i kontekst : materialy meždunarodnogo seminara, Sankt-Peterburg 18-19.01/96 = [Civil society in the European North] : [concept and context] : [proceedings of the seminar held in St Petersburg January 18-19 1996]
A new Germany in a new Europe
English : one language, different cultures
Beyond the monolith : the emergence of regionalism in post-Soviet Russia
My quiet of gold
Me : ryhmäkuvia Helsingistä = We : group portraits from Helsinki
The lifeways of hunter-gatherers : the foraging spectrum
Lord of the flies
Kai Donner : linguist, ethnographer, photographer
Algebraic methods for constructing blur-invariant operators and their applications
Looking for America : the visual production of nation and people
Encyclopedia of African peoples
The first edition of this book ('American Social Studies, 1991') soon became the most widely used course book for American social studies in English departments at Swedish universities and colleges. The second edition (1997) maintained and strengthened this position into the new century. Starting with the third edition, the constantly evolving book has been titled Window on the United States. The fifth edition is thoroughly revised, providing an up-to-date survey of American geography, ethnic diversity, government, education, and social problems. It is intended primarily for university-level English-language courses in countries outside the United States, but it can also be of interest to general readers, including Americans. The author explains many basic concepts and phenomena with the foreign adult reader in mind and illustrates his points with numerous relevant examples. The web addresses that are listed at the end of each chapter for further reading are complemented by a dedicated Web site. This convenient forum enables readers to log on for fresh updates and to communicate more readily with both the author and other readers regarding issues presented in the book.
The making of the Miskitu people of Nicaragua : the social construction of ethnic identity
The Australian people : an encyclopedia of the nation, its people and their origins
Sri Lanka's development since independence : socio-economic perspectives and analyses
Mapping the invisible : EU-Roma gypsies
America on film : representing race, class, gender, and sexuality at the movies
Israel between conflict and accommodation : the transformation of collective identities : a study of a Multi-Melting Pot process
Perpectives [!] on China : papers from the Nordic Association for China Studies Conference at the University of Helsinki, June 7-9, 2005.
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
Window on the United States : a university primer
The Pre-Raphaelites
Gilbert & George : the naked shit pictures : Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, 17 February - 31 March 1996
Culture and society in the Asia-Pacific
StreetDance
In one person many people : the image of the king in three RSC productions of William Shakespeare's King Richard II
Malaysia : recent trends and challenges
The effect of the participation in a group task on person perception
Village of the Nubas
Work : changing faces, photography commissions 2006/2007
Culture shock! : India
Nation-building and common values in Russia
The reconquest of Montreal : language policy and social change in bilingual city
The camera assistant : a complete professional handbook
Muslim nationalism and the new Turks
Heidi-Anett & Lena Katrine : [Masterutstilling, Symposia, Avgangsutstillingen ved Kunstakademiet i Trondheim Trøndelag Senter for Samtidskunst, 16. mai - 09. juni 2013] / [interview by  Maaretta Jaukkuri]
Sami culture in a new era : the Norwegian Sami experience
