http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16193 social learning
social learning
"This book explores the educational status of social and emotional learning (SEL) and the ways that educational systems accommodate an SEL perspective. SEL can be conceptualized in at least three different ways: (1) as a human development process and field of study involving the acquisition of skills, knowledge and attitudes; (2) as a set of specific programs; or (3) as a general educational approach, movement or policy. This book is intended for educators, psychologists, and others who work with children and schools. Programs and practices are designed to promote the mental health and academic success of all students by helping them to develop skills needed for managing emotions, showing concern for others, making responsible decisions, and forming positive relationships in and out of school"--
Social learning and its measurement
A moral responsibility or an extra burden? : a study on global education as part of Finnish basic education
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Groups as epistemic communities : studies on the role of groups in forming and circulating social knowledge
Principles of behavior modification
Communities of practice : critical perspectives
Enhancing informal interaction and knowledge co-construction among forest owners
Corporate knowledge : theory and practice of intelligent organizations
Increasing beneficial interactions in a computer-supported collaborative environment
Using human learning strategies in the classroom
Leonardo's vision : a guide to collective thinking and action
Social learning handbook : a practical guide to using social media to work and learn smarter
Adjustment, behavior, and personality
Attachment disorders : treatment strategies for traumatized children
Interspecific social information in habitat choice
The event of organisational entrepreneurship : disrupting the reigning order and creating new spaces for play and innovation
Forest owners' social networks : possibilities to enhance knowledge exchange
Learning to participate:participating to learn in science and mathematics classrooms
Socialization : the social learning theory approach
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
A moral responsibility or an extra burden?:a study on global education as part of Finnish basic education
Digital media in blended coaching : interaction and distance presence in adult education
Understanding children's development in the early years : questions practitioners frequently ask
Digital literacies : social learning and classroom practices
Classroom interaction and social learning : from theory to practise
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Children's thinking
The search for policy autonomy in the South : universalism, social learning and the role of regionalism
Exploring the meaningful learning of students in Second Life
The three dimensions of learning : contemporary learning theory in the tension field between the cognitive, the emotional and the social
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
It is a common concern that non-resident private forest owners are less able to make informed decisions regarding their forests. Moreover, the present guidance given by forest professionals is not reaching all owners. In this study, we suggest enhancing knowledge exchange among forest owners by increasing their mutual and informal interaction that could inspire them to co-construct new knowledge. The first objective is to identify present emerging activities that constitute knowledge exchange contexts (communities) for Finnish forest owners. The second objective is to discuss the challenges of current Finnish forest extension and their implications when introducing Communities of Practice as a complementary response to existing, yet insufficient, professional-led extension. Data consist of Finnish forest owners' and forest professionals' (n=43) focus group interviews. The qualitative analysis was theoretically oriented followed by data-driven coding and grouping. According to the results, the role of expert-led encounters is strong in Finland and owners' opportunities for good mutual communication are rare. Informal communities exist mainly in the countryside among neighbouring owners and within families. To enhance knowledge sharing among owners, one needs to identify innovative topics and activities that would inspire owners to commit to their forest property and perform active silviculture. These communities would operate as creative learning environments allowing participation of different levels. When cultivating forest owners' communities it is important to consider actors' roles. Forest owners themselves are responsible for the functions and continuity of these communities, although forest professionals could also initiate new and sufficiently homogenous reference groups for the owners.
Social interaction in the context of new literacies:pedagogical potentials of publishing-oriented learner-generated video production
Learning English informally through authentic literacy practices : a case study of Finnish 8th grade students
Engaging students through social media: evidence-based practices for use in student affairs
Lifelong learning and the learning society. Volume 1, Towards a comprehensive theory of human learning
Social learning : an introduction to mechanisms, methods, and models
Metacognition in group problem solving—a quest for socially shared metacognition
Situated learning perspectives
The paradigms of e-Education:an analysis of the communication structures in the research on information and communication technology integration in education in the years 2000–2001
Virtually face to face: enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Self-concept and social skills of school beginners : summary and discussion
Industrial organization studies on pharmaceutical markets
Social learning theory
The new social learning : a guide to transforming organizations through social learning
Social learning towards a sustainable world : principles, perspectives, and praxis
Knowing our place : children talking about power, identity and citizenship
A new-media company in transition : trust and communication double-binds in a small organization : an activity theoretical research
Application of the casel framework in sport and physical education : a narrative review
Working through environmental conflict : the collaborative learning approach
Emotions in second language learning as seen in autobiographical narratives written by university students : a discursive study
Participatory learning in the early years : research and pedagogy
E-learning by design
Social learning in childhood : readings in theory and application
The three dimensions of learning
"Subject Areas/Keywords: behaviorism, cognitive processing, constructivism, educational psychology, literacy development, literacy instruction, models, reading, research methods, social learning, teaching, theories, theorists, theory. Description: This widely adopted text explores key theories and models that frame reading instruction and research. Readers learn why theory matters in designing and implementing high-quality instruction and research; how to critically evaluate the assumptions and beliefs that guide their own work; and what can be gained by looking at reading through multiple theoretical lenses. For each theoretical model, classroom applications are brought to life with engaging vignettes and teacher reflections. Research applications are discussed and illustrated with descriptions of exemplary studies"--
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Treating child-abusive families : intervention based on skills-training principles
Social learning and personality development
Learning the city : knowledge and translocal assemblage
"Learning the City critically examines the relationship between knowledge, learning, and urbanism. It argues both for the centrality of learning for political strategies and for a resurgence of learning that represents a critical opportunity to develop a progressive international urbanism. The author combines the result of his fieldwork conducted in Mumbai and other regions with a synthesis of the most current theoretical research on knowledge, space, and materiality to show how learning should be viewed as central to the production and politics of cities. In doing so, he deploys the analytic of assemblage to explain the complex processes through which knowledge and learning enable and limit various forms of urbanism. This groundbreaking work examines learning as a practice, explores learning as tactics, and reveals how learning is intrinsic to the shape of political imaginaries, strategies, and contestations. A critical discussion of the types of learning environments that may facilitate more socially just urbanisms is also included. Provocative, timely, and fraught with scholarly rigor, Learning the City offers invaluable insights into the role of learning in urban developmental studies"--
Mammalian social learning : comparative and ecological perspectives
Telling stories in book clubs : women teachers and professional development
Islam, democracy and dialogue in Turkey : deliberating in divided societies / by Bora Kanra
The dynamics of affect, cognition, and social environment in the regulation of personal learning processes : the case of mathematics
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Social learning in zebrafish, Danio rerio
Social and emotional learning in the classroom : promoting mental health and academic success
Man, language and society : contributions to the sociology of language
Language learners' seeking paths and strategies : one dimension of digital literacy
Abstract: Children and young people as environmental citizens : the environmental education perspective to participation.
Collaborative knowledge construction in authentic school contexts
Implementation of a social and emotional learning programme in physical education : a teacher's action research study
Advances in research on teaching. Vol. 4, Case studies of teaching and learning in social studies
The social construction of organization
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
Facilitating prosocial behaviour in physical education
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
Working Community and Teachers' Professional Identity in Dialogue
Promoting social inclusion through play : final report
Contemporary perspectives on social learning in early childhood education
How institutions change : perspectives on social learning in global and local environmental contexts
Approaches to learning : a guide for teachers
Lenses on reading : an introduction to theories and models
Deals with the fundamental issues of the processes of learning, critically assessing different types of learning and obstacles to learning. This book provides a comprehensive introduction to both traditional learning theory and the international research into learning processes.
Virtually face to face : enriching collaborative learning through multiplayer games
Social structure and personality development : the individual as a productive processor of reality
Using social learning in improving antipredator behaviour of hatchery-reared salmonid (Salmonidae) young
Social and emotional learning : a critical appraisal
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Social and emotional learning in physical education
Handbook of social and emotional learning : research and practice
Incorporating social media, digital learning tools and CLIL in language room
This article summarises a study of the purposefulness, structure and amount of external learning networks formed during an interdisciplinary higher education programme based on a LAB studio model. The LAB studio model is a learning model, which develops connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and development of the related business prototypes and startups. The LAB studio model is theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning with a project-based education at its core and has a key goal of educating entrepreneurship competences. The data for the study was collected through semi-structured interviews with six student teams (N=35) during May 2015. The data analysis took place through mixed methods, which as a method focuses on collecting, analysing, and mixing both quantitative and qualitative data. Findings show that the LAB studio model challenges and enables students to develop new learning networks external to the traditional university environment. New learning networks are created due to the demanding problem -solving process used in the teaching activities. Overall, the education programme broke down barriers between the education environment and external business environment through the establishment of learning networks. In conclusion, the learning networks formed during the education programme were wide-ranging, and the role of students was active and self-directive. Furthermore, we suggest that social capital was increased during the educational process.
"Confronting strangeness" : towards a reflexive modernization of the school
Among peers : on the meaning of peers in the process of socialization
Effective teaching methods
Social and emotional learning (SEL) is a dominant orthodoxy in education systems around the world. To many it is a panacea; to others it is a waste of time and resources. This important new book provides the first in-depth, authoritative and balanced examination of the critical issues pervading the field. An extensive and thorough review of the international research literature has enabled each substantive aspect of SEL to be examined through a critical lens. The book investigates key topics such as: definitions and conceptualization -- origins and influences -- international policy and practice -- assessment and monitoring -- implementation -- outcomes. The book highlights key strengths and significant flaws in SEL theory and research, and sets the agenda for the next generation of inquiry in the field.
Psychosocial principles applied to classroom teaching
"Don't bother me Mom - I'm learning!" : how computer and video games are preparing your kids for twenty-first century success and how you can help!
A critical pedagogy of embodied education : learning to become an activist
Social media in collaborative learning in higher education :  a qualitative case study of teachers’ and students’ views
The new leadership paradigm : social learning and cognition in organizations
The social development of the intellect
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
LAB studio model : developing external networks for learning entrepreneurship in higher education
The Theory of play
Learning, policy making, and market reforms
Building academic success on social and emotional learning : what does the research say?
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
From the learning organization to learning communities toward a learning society
Making sense of social development
Paradoxes of learning : on becoming an individual in society
Becoming to know : essays on extended epistemology of knowledge creation
Regardless of cultural or national specialities, the implications of higher education teaching are  a very special task. University organization is not just an ordinary learning environment. It is also  a research oriented scientific community, being responsible for global knowledge development and  education of high quality professionals, including teachers.  Training higher education teachers pedagogically will lead them to do a better job than untrained ones  might do. Pedagogical competence will add to a teacher's self-reliance. Since teaching is certainly one of  the most complex duties, the work community is expected to foster the developers of the field. How is a  teacher's self-constructed? Authentic collaboration and sharing experiences in teacher communities  would promote personal professional growth.  The affective domains and identity development of professionals should be nurtured. The social learning  theory offers a good framework. It is important to make models of practical implementations based on  theory.
Towards a comprehensive theory of human learning
Social learning in environmental management : towards a sustainable future
Learning the routines - "professionalization" of newcomers in secondary school
"The burgeoning multidisciplinary field of social and emotional learning (SEL) now has a comprehensive and definitive handbook covering all aspects of research, practice, and policy. The prominent editors and contributors describe state-of-the-art intervention and prevention programs designed to build students' skills for managing emotions, showing concern for others, making responsible decisions, and forming positive relationships. Conceptual and scientific underpinnings of SEL are explored and its relationship to children's and adolescents' academic success and mental health examined. Issues in implementing and assessing SEL programs in diverse educational settings are analyzed in depth, including the roles of school-and district-level leadership, teacher training, and school-family partnerships"--
Learning to be a person in society
Suicide as a learned behavior
Paradigms of personality
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
"But mom said we just don't have a head for languages" : the effect of parental attitudes on learning English
The dilemma of difference : a multidisciplinary view of stigma
Bateson's theory of learning and the context of small business entrepreneuship
"E-Learning by Design provides a comprehensive, detailed look at the concepts and processes of developing, creating and implementing a successful e-Learning program. Horton's practical, down-to-earth approach offers clear information and instruction without over simplifying. Readers will learn to build customized e-Learning programs from scratch, building on core principles of instructional design to:[bullet] develop meaningful activities and lessons[bullet] create and administer online tests and assessments[bullet] design learning games and simulations, and[bullet] effectively implement an individualized programThe second edition will feature chapter-by-chapter revisions and add new sections and updates that address: new delivery technologies, including social networking, mobile learning, and the use of other new mobile devices; learning from available content; repurposing content; setting and following quality Standards, a revised Catalyst Model and Examples, How We Will Learn Model and Examples, and designing for International and Multi-cultural Audiences, as well as all-new contemporary case studies, examples, and activities. New edition will also include two free online resources: a downloadable instructor's manual, and a premium content site featuring additional examples and case studies, tools and resources"--
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Futures beyond dystopia : creating social foresight
Social media for trainers : / techniques for enhancing and extending learning
Social and emotional learning. An ethnographic study of advancing social and emotional competencies during adolescence in a German comprehensive school
Recognition of emotional expressions in 3 to 6-year-old finnish children : effects of age, social stimulation and neurocognitive capacities
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Interpersonal evaluation of knowledge in distributed team collaboration
