http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16100 ground heat
ground heat
Renewable energy : technology, economics and environment
The solid earth : an introduction to global geophysics
Transplanting deciduous trees in northern climates : influence of phenological stage and soil temperature
Heterotrophic soil respiration in drained peatlands : abiotic drivers, and changes after clearfelling and afforestation
Four laws that drive the universe
Renewable energy ; power for a sustainable future
A model for predicting the effect of drainage on soil moisture, soil temperature and crop yield
Introduction to micrometeorology
In addition to renewable energy systems,  the Handbook also covers processes for  the effi cient and clean conversion of  traditional fuels such as coal, oil and gas,  energy storage systems, mitigation technologies  for the reduction of environmental  pollutants, and the development  of intelligent energy systems. Environmental,  social and economic impacts of  energy systems are also addressed in  depth.
"As nations alike struggle to diversify and secure their power portfolios, geothermal energy, the essentially limitless heat emanating from the earth itself, is being harnessed at an unprecedented rate. For the last 25 years, engineers around the world tasked with taming this raw power have used Geothermal Reservoir Engineering as both a training manual and a professional reference. This long-awaited second edition of Geothermal Reservoir Engineering is a practical guide to the issues and tasks geothermal engineers encounter in the course of their daily jobs. The book focuses particularly on the evaluation of potential sites and provides detailed guidance on the field management of the power plants built on them. With over 100 pages of new material informed by the breakthroughs of the last 25 years, Geothermal Reservoir Engineering remains the only training tool and professional reference dedicated to advising both new and experienced geothermal reservoir engineers"--
Renewable energy : sources for fuels and electricity
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Effect of soil preparation of boreal spruce forest on air and soil temperature conditions in forest regeneration areas
Assessment of thermal climate in operator's cabs : seminar in Florence 18-19 November 1999
Effects of pedo-climatic conditions on the degradation of glyphosate : soil microbial activity and glyphosate mineralization at low temperatures and during frost events
An introduction to thermogeology : ground source heating and cooling
Geothermal engineering : fundamentals and applications
Effects of soil temperature on Scots pine biomass allocation and litter decomposition in peat
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Interactions between near-ground temperature and radiation, silvicultural treatments and frost damage to Norway spruce seedlings. Ola Langvall
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
Introduction to environmental soil physics
Soil-surface CO2 flux and growth in a boreal Norway spruce stand : effects of soil warming and nutrition
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Work safety of farms and heating plants in the bioenergy business
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Summary (s. i-xi).
Heat and moisture dissipation from cattle : measurements and simulation model
Principles of soil physics
Scenarios for a future electricity supply : cost-optimised variations on supplying Europe and its neighbours with electricity from renewable energies
Thermo-mechanical behaviour of ground-source thermo-active structures
Alternative energy : an introduction to alternative & renewable energy sources
Tilastoja maan lämpötilasta Suomessa 1971-1990 = Statistics of soil temperature in Finland 1971-1990
Geothermal HVAC : green heating and cooling
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Choosing a new heating energy source : case study Housing Cooperative Pakkalankulma
Nutritional status of outdoor vegetables, and effect of calcium treatments
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Heat generation and transport in the earth
World energy resources
Regular diurnal temperature variation in various landtypes in the Möksy experimental field in summer 2002, in relation to the production of sensible heat
World animal science. B 5, Bioclimatology and the adaptation of livestock
Renewable energy : sustainable energy concepts for the future
Renewable energy : a user's guide
Energy survival guide : insight and outlook
Geothermal energy : renewable energy and the environment
Advanced system design an operation of GEOTABS buildings : design and operation of GEOTABS system
Regular diurnal temperature variation in the southern and middle boreal zones in Finland in relation to the production of sensible heat
Sustainable energy : choosing among options
Uncertainty analysis and inversion of geothermal conductive models using random simulation methods
Assimilation and allocation of carbon in Scots pine seedlings during shoot elongation and as affected by soil temperature
Geothermal energy systems : exploration, development, and utilization
Low-enthalpy geothermal resources for power generation
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
"Both hydrologists and meteorologists need to speak a common scientific language, and this has given rise to the new scientific discipline of hydrometeorology, which deals with the transfer of water and energy across the land/atmosphere interface.Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is the first graduate-level text with sufficient breadth and depth to be used in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology, and in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of hydrology, and to serve as an introductory text to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology.The book will be essential reading for graduate students studying surface water hydrology, meteorology, and hydrometeorology. It can also be used in advanced undergraduate courses, and will be welcomed by academic and professional hydrologists and meteorologists worldwide".
What determines the timberline?
Climate scenarios for FINADAPT studies of climate change adaptation
Energy resources, utilization and technologies
Microclimate studies in uniform shelterwood systems in the Sub-Boreal Spruce zone of central British Columbia
Effect of clearcutting of boreal spruce forest on air and soil temperature conditions
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Humus temperatures and snow cover conditions under upland black spruce in Northern Quebec
Handbook of Clean Energy Systems
Applied energy : an introduction
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Simulation of soil temperature and moisture under different snow and frost conditions with COUP model
Ten technologies to fix energy and climate
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
New perspectives on climate, Earth surface processes and thermal hydrological conditions in high-latitude systems
Conceptual physical science : explorations
"Heat provides the energy that drives almost all geological phenomena and sets the temperature at which these phenomena operate. This book explains the key physical principles of heat transport with simple physical arguments and scaling laws that allow quantitative evaluation of heat flux and cooling conditions in a variety of geological settings and systems. The thermal structure and evolution of magma reservoirs, the crust, the lithosphere and the mantle of the Earth are reviewed within the context of plate tectonics and mantle convection - illustrating how theoretical arguments can be combined with field and laboratory data to arrive at accurate interpretations of geological observations. Appendices contain data on the thermal properties of rocks, surface heat flux measurements and rates of radiogenic heat production. This book can be used for advanced courses in geophysics, geodynamics and magmatic processes, and is a reference for researchers in geoscience, environmental science, physics, engineering and fluid dynamics"--
The Status and Trends Of New Power Generation technology
Ground-source heat pumps : Design of geothermal systems for commercial and institutional buildings
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
Geothermal energy : from theoretical models to exploration and development
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
"Focusing on renewable energy technologies, energy conversion, and conservation and the energy industry, this volume discusses energy applications in small-medium enterprises, solar energy, hydro and wind energy, nuclear energy, hybrid energy, and energy sustainability issues. The author lists the key aspects of applied energy and related studies, taking a question-based approach to the material that is useful for both undergraduate students and to postgraduates who want a broad overview of energy conversion. In addition to illustrations, the text contains numerous worked examples, case studies, and homework problems"--
Stimulating regional renewable energy planning in the City of Espoo with an application based on open data
Geothermal reservoir engineering
Thermal signatures of heat transfer processes in the earth's Crust
Soil physics
Residential geothermal systems : heating and cooling using the ground below
Measuring the thermal environment of calves under sheltered winter conditions
"This book on Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is needed because there is currently no single graduate level text with sufficient breadth across the hydrological and meteorological sciences that provides understanding with sufficient depth and detail in both disciples for use (a) in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology; (b) in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of surface hydrology; and (c) to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology".
Both the northern (latitudinal) and the upper (altitudinal) timberlines are phytogeographic transitions between the forested boreal vegetation zone and treeless areas. These two timberlines, which intermingle in northern Fennoscandia, are mainly controlled by the cold climate, although other natural and anthropogenic factors are of noticeable importance at least locally. The roles of the various controlling factors are discussed in this article. The timberline and tree line in northern Finland are usually formed by the mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa), which extends further than the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) or the Norway spruce (Picea abies). The northern coniferous timberline in Finland follows approximately an isoline that represents an effective temperature sum of 600 degree days. Hazardous events also regulate the growth and occurrence of trees in addition to average conditions. Trees growing at the timberline have adapted themselves in many ways to the prevailing harsh circumstances. Pollen research and megafossil analyses (such as tree ring studies) show that the timberline has moved and its tree species composition has changed, primarily due to climatic fluctuations. This is one clear indication that the timberline is a dynamic 'combat zone'.
Geothermal power plants : principles, applications, case studies, and environmental impact
Essentials of energy technology : sources, transport, storage, and conservation
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Terrestrial heat flow in Finland, the central Fennoscandian Shield
A short history of temperature
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Renewable energy and climate change
Geothermal power plants : principles, applications and case studies and environmental impact
More than 20 countries generate electricity from geothermal resources and about 60 countries make direct use of geothermal energy. A ten-fold increase in geothermal energy use is foreseeable at the current technology level. Geothermal Energy: An Alternative Resource for the 21st Century provides a readable and coherent account of all facets of geothermal energy development and summarizes the present day knowledge on geothermal resources, their exploration and exploitation. Accounts of geothermal resource models, various exploration techniques, drilling and production technology are discussed within 9 chapters, as well as important concepts and current technological developments. *Interdisciplinary approach, combining traditional disciplines such as geology, geophysics, and engineering *Provides a readable and coherent account of all facets of geothermal energy development *Describes the importance of bringing potable water to high-demand areas such as the tropical regions.
Geothermal energy : an alternative resource for the 21st century
New renewable energy resources : a guide to the future
The nature and properties of soils
Geothermal heat pumps : a guide for planning and installing
Renewable and alternative energy resources : a reference handbook
Energy efficient buildings with solar and geothermal resources
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Uusiutuvien energiamuotojen käyttömahdollisuudet : (Tietolaari -projekti) = Utilization of renewable energyresources
Blue book on geothermal resources
Soil solarization : proceedings of the 1st International conference on soil solarization, Amman, Jordan, 19-25 February 1990
Energy and the new reality. Vol. 2, Carbon-free energy supply
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
A local heating system using wood fuel from farms
Terrestrial hydrometeorology
