http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16162 youth theatres
youth theatres
Contemporary new play dramaturgy structures and techniques : a report on current practices in the field of theatre for young audiences
Youth theatre : drama for life
Theatre for youth third space : performance, democracy, and community cultural development
Organising young people's dramatic practises : a report from a Nordic-Baltic-Russian Educational Theatre Network 1999-2001
Moving on! : encounters and experiences in Arts - working multiprofessionally with the youth : MIMO project 2010-2013
Africa theatre : youth
Most dangerous women : bringing history to life through readers̕ theater
From theater of children to theater for children : the development of children's theater in Israel
Arts education and beyond
Rubble and roses : a practical guide for girl's groups about self-confidence, lifestyle, love and alcohol / drugs
Theatre for Youth Third Space is a practical yet philosophically grounded handbook for people working in theatre and performance with children and youth in community or educational settings. Presenting asset development approaches, deliberative dialogue techniques, and frames for building strong community relationships, Stephani Etheridge Woodson shares multiple project models that are firmly grounded in the latest community cultural development practices. Guiding readers step by step through project planning, creating safe environments, and using evaluation protocols, Theatre for Youth Third Space will be an invaluable resource for both teaching and practice.
Intercultural bridges in teenagers' theatrical events : performing self and constructing cultural identity through a creative drama process
Youth theatre journal
Youth Theatre: Drama for Life defines the youth theatre process, by outlining its constituent parts and explaining how these activities work in order to support young people's development. As well as describing what is done in youth theatre, it also explores why it's done and how to ensure the best possible outcomes. The book is in four parts: Part 1 explores the nature and purpose of youth theatre, drawing on Michael Richardson's extensive personal experience as a practitioner and manager. Part 2 explains, in detail, the youth theatre process: warming up, playing games, voice work, developing skills, devising and the presentation of devised work. Part 3 discusses how to create an appropriate environment within which the youth theatre process can be most effectively applied. Part 4 covers the most common applications of the youth theatre process, namely using it in different education environments; and youth theatre productions and performance. On top of this, two appendices give a list of over 60 games that are useful to use in youth theatre; and a list of recommended further reading that supports this book. As well as giving key tips and advice from his own invaluable experience, Richardson offers comments from practitioners and participants on what makes a successful youth theatre experience.
Independent theatre in contemporary Europe : structures - aesthetics - cultural policy
Over the past 20 years European theatre underwent fundamental changes in terms of aesthetic focus, institutional structure and in its position in society. The impetus for these changes was provided by a new generation in the independent theatre scene. This book brings together studies on the state of independent theatre in different European countries, focusing on the fields of dance and performance, children and youth theatre, theatre and migration and post-migrant theatre. Additionally, it includes essays on experimental musical theatre and different cultural policies for independent theatre scenes in a range of European countries.
Staging youth theatre
