http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16188 voluntariness
voluntariness
Free-choice learning and the environment
The Chickenhawk syndrome : war, sacrifice, and personal responsibility
Good works! : marketing and corporate initiatives that build a better world... and the bottom line
Corporate social responsibility : doing the most good for your company and your cause
Processes of community change and social action
Informal learning on the job
Voluntary approaches in climate policy
Do co-operatives providing welfare services belong to the third sector? : a study of institutional characteristics of Swedish co-operatives
The influence of residents' perceptions on their support to voluntourism projects
Sustainable Community Development through Volunteer Tourism and the Role of NGOs in Nepal
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
Biodiversity economics
Unwomanly conduct : the challenges of intentional childlessness
Giving recruitment a boost: case : volunteer sound and lighting technicians at the Yläkaupungin Yö Festival
Does a voluntary conservation program result in a representative protected area network? : The case of Finnish privately owned forests
The complete guide to religious education volunteers
Fatal freedom : the ethics and politics of suicide
Managing volunteers in tourism : attractions, destinations and events
Assessing the effectiveness of different approaches to species conservation
Making volunteers : civic life after welfare's end
The Assembly 2004 DVD compilation : managing a volunteer project
Volunteers on the Veld : Britain's citizen-soldiers and the South African War, 1899-1902
The Limits of Voluntarism : Charity and Welfare from the New Deal through the Great Society
Fatal freedom is a defence of every individual's right to choose a voluntary death. The author, a renowned psychiatrist, believes that we can speak about suicide calmly and rationally, as he does in this book, and that we can ultimately accept suicide as part of the human condition. By maintaining statutes that determine that voluntary death is not legal, our society is forfeiting one of its basic freedoms and causing the psychiatric/medical establishment to treat individuals in a manner that is disturbingly inhumane according to Dr. Szasz. His work asks and points to clear, intelligent answers to some of the most significant ethical questions of our time: is suicide a voluntary act?; should physicians be permitted to prevent it?; should they be authorized to abet it? The author's analysis of these questions consistently holds forth patient autonomy as paramount; therefore, he argues, patients should not be prevented from exercising their free will, nor should physicians be permitted to enter the process by prescribing or providing the means of voluntary death. Dr. Szasz predicts that we will look back at our present prohibitory policies towards suicide with the same amazed disapproval with which we regard past policies toward homosexuality, masturbation and birth control. This comparison with other practices that started as sins, became crimes, then were regarded as mental illnesses, and are now becoming more widely accepted, opens up the discussion and understanding of suicide in a historical context. The book explores attitudes toward suicide held by the ancient Greeks and Romans, through early Christianity and the Reformation, to the advent of modern psychiatry and contemporary society as a whole. Our tendency to define disapproved behaviours as diseases has created a psychiatric establishment that exerts far too much influence over how and when we choose to die.
Civil society
Going solo : single mothers by choice
Non-formal education : flexible schooling or participatory education?
Abstract: The Ideal of volunteerism : an institutional approach to social welfare work in the parishes of the Diocese of Porvoo especially in the deaneries of Iitti and Tampere, Finland, in the years 1897-1923.
Constructing a community : myths and realities of the Open Development Model
Rediscovering voluntary action : the beat of a different drum
The soul of civil society : voluntary associations and the public value of moral habits
The Impact of Corporate Social Responsibility on Financial Performance : Case: Airtel Ghana Limited
Forest owners' attitudes to and preferences for voluntary conservation : preliminary results of a survey
Case Forssan Suvi-ilta : cohesion as a key element in building a voluntary sport event organization
Towards the cultural meaning of volunteering : application of a world view model in understanding volunteering in world shops
Against autonomy : justifying coercive paternalism
Challenges for virtual teams in voluntary organizations
