http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16199 Spanish people
Spanish people
Blood cinema : the reconstruction of national identity in Spain
One vast winter count : the Native American West before Lewis and Clark
Good government in Spanish Naples
The Spanish west
History of the conquest of Mexico and history of the conquest of Peru
Secret science : Spanish cosmography and the new world
The Spanish temper
From colony to nationhood in Mexico : laying the foundations, 1560-1840
The story of architecture in Mexico : including the work of the ancient Indian civilizations and that of the Spanish colonial empire which succeeded them, together with an account of the background in Spain and a glimpse at the modern trend
The discovery of chocolate
The Hispanic condition : reflections on culture and identity in America
Hispanic legends from New Mexico : narratives from the R. D. Jameson collection
To the inland empire : Coronado and our Spanish legacy
Seven myths of the Spanish conquest
The conquest of America : the question of the other
River of darkness : Francisco Orellana's legendary voyage of death and discovery down the Amazon
The conquest of Mexico
Hispanic culture in the Southwest
"In an age of revolution, Mexico's creole leaders held aloft the Virgin of Guadalupe and brandished an Aztec eagle perched upon a European tricolor. Their new constitution proclaimed 'the Mexican nation is forever free and independent'. Yet the genealogy of this new nation is not easy to trace. Colonial Mexico was a patchwork state whose new-world vassals served the crown, extended the empire's frontiers and lived out their civic lives in parallel Spanish and Indian republics. Theirs was a world of complex intercultural alliances, interlocking corporate structures and shared spiritual and temporal ambitions. Sean F. McEnroe describes this history at the greatest and smallest geographical scales, reconsidering what it meant to be an Indian vassal, nobleman, soldier or citizen over three centuries in northeastern Mexico. He argues that the Mexican municipality, state and citizen were not so much the sudden creations of a revolutionary age as the progeny of a mature multiethnic empire"--
Bárbaros : Spaniards and their savages in the Age of Enlightenment
Captives & cousins : slavery, kinship, and community in the Southwest borderlands
The folklore of Spain in the American Southwest : traditional Spanish folk literature in northern New Mexico and Southern Colorado
The history of the conquest of New Spain
The Armada
The stranger house : [a novel]
Finland as an icentive destination : perceptions of some spanish incentive companies
The Spaniard and the seven deadly sins
Culture wise Spain: the essential quide to culture, customs and business etiquette
The tropics of empire : why Columbus sailed south to the Indies
The Malaspina Expedition, 1789-1794 : the journal of the voyage by Alejandro Malaspina. Volume 1, Cadiz to Panama
The Spanish frontier in North America
Vertical empire : the general resettlement of Indians in the colonial Andes
Interlanguage Lexical Innovation
"El Norte" as a utopian arcadia and a dystopian barbaria in Spain around the year 1900.
The family album : histories, subjectivities, and immigration in contemporary Spanish culture
The Spanish redemption : heritage, power, and loss on New Mexico's Upper Rio Grande
Aztecs : the fall of the aztec capital
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish Empire
The heretics : a John Shakespeare mystery
The Alhambra
The following project based thesis will present the rationale behind creating a website promoting Finland as a tourism destination for Hispanic people. It will analyse the latest statistics on travelling to Finland, with emphasis on visitors from Spain and Latin American countries. It will describe why a travel guide was chosen and the reason for a website as opposed to a traditional travel book. As Spanish is spoken natively by over 350 million people in the world, it is a very important language not only for travelling, but also for business and marketing, this thesis will also introduce the definition of some key aspects to the guide and statistics and graphics supporting the idea of the need for information about Finland available in Spanish.     The purpose of this thesis is to find out and justify the need for a web-based travel guide in Spanish language and what features would best suit for such a large target market. Several electronic travel guides are analysed and compared to help clarify the latest trends on Internet travel guides. Further, it will illustrate the layout of an electronic tourism product, in the form of a tourism website, for Finland. This study introduces the basic information that the website will contain, together with a preliminary view of the finalised product. The core product is a website directed towards attracting Hispanics to Finland, by providing regularly updated information, photographs, maps and other innovative features that will be described in detail.          The main objective of this product is to present an innovative product that Spanish speakers will use before deciding where to holiday, during their stay and after. For this reason, it could also be used by Hispanics planning to move to Finland or those that are already residents and would get to know the country and its people better.  Additionally, it could be the basis that links to sister websites about travelling, enjoying food and living in Finland.     The final objective of the product is to be commercially sustainable through advertisements but still retain an unbiased opinion about the services and tourism products and Finland as a holiday destination. Possibilities of growth and expand are also presented in brief description on the final part of the thesis, together with an analysis of the key findings and the conclusions that were drawn from this thesis.      Annexed at the end of the thesis a sketch of the front page can be found together with a brief explanation of its characteristics and features.
The Conquistadors : first-person accounts of the conquest of Mexico
Bulls, bullfighting, and Spanish identities
Outpost of empire : the Napoleonic occupation of Andalucía, 1810-1812
Freedom for Catalonia? : Catalan nationalism, Spanish identity and the Barcelona Olympic Games
Historia patria : politics, history, and national identity in Spain, 1875-1975
The Coronado expedition to Tierra Nueva : the 1540-1542 route across the Southwest
Judeo-Spanish ballads from oral tradition. 2, Carolingian ballads. 1, Roncesvalles
Imperial transformations in sixteenth-century Yucay, Peru
Rivers of gold : the rise of the Spanish empire
THE SPANISH RIDING SCHOOL INVIENNA
Whose business is to die
Domination without dominance : Inca-Spanish encounters in early colonial Peru
Judeo-Spanish ballads from Bosnia
Spain
Places of memory : whiteman's schools and native American communities
The Book of Art. 4, German and Spanish Art to 1900
Drake : the life and legend of an Elizabethian hero
Letters from Mexico
The politics of identity in Visigothic Spain : religion and power in the histories of Isidor of Seville
Leaving Tangier : a novel
The Malaspina expedition, 1789-1794 : journal of the voyage. Vol. 3, Manila to Cadiz
Conquest : the destruction of the American indios
Latin American Spanish
Another face of empire : Bartolomâe de las Casas, indigenous rights, and ecclesiastical imperialism
Storms brewed in other men's worlds : the confrontation of Indians, Spanish, and French in the Southwest, 1540-1795
Maps the influence of America's Hispanic past, from the explorers and conquistadors who helped colonize Puerto Rico and Florida, to the missionaries and rancheros who settled in California and the 20th-century resurgence in major cities like Chicago and Miami.
Discourses of empire : counter-epic literature in early modern Spain
The world upside down : cross-cultural contact and conflict in sixteenth-century Peru
The struggle for the Georgia coast : an 18th-century spanish retrospective on Guale and Mocama
The heretics
Spanish Harlem
The loner : the life of Xavier Aislado
The buried mirror : reflections on Spain and the New World
Spanish Texas, 1519-1821
"In November 1782, Vicente Gonzales de Santianes, the governor of Nuevo Leon, received a sheaf of documents from a protracted legal dispute in the Indian town of San Miguel de Aguayo. At first glance, the case seems so utterly commonplace as to be beneath the notice of the region's chief magistrate. One of San Miguel's Tlaxcalan stoneworkers had been accused of an adulterous liaison with a townswoman"--
Dead giveaways : indigenous testaments of colonial Mesoamerica and the Andes
Pueblos, Spaniards, and the kingdom of New Mexico
The power of song : music and dance in the mission communities of northern New Spain, 1590-1810
The North as a Spanish realm of memory
Defining nations : immigrants and citizens in early modern Spain and Spanish America
Musical migrations : transnationalism and cultural hybridity in Latin/o America. Vol. 1
The early history of greater Mexico
The Conquistadors
Spain : be fluent in Spanish life and culture
All-time Spanish favorites : complete Spanish lyrics, music and guitar chords
The Spanish conquistadores
Ghosts of Spain : travels through a country's hidden past
Offering an alternative narrative of the conquest of the Incas, this work examines the colonial imprint that permeates most accounts of the conquest. This work focuses on the years that bridged the first contact between Spanish conquistadores and Andean peoples in 1531 and the moment, around 1550, when a functioning colonial regime emerged.
Romans in a new world : classical models in sixteenth-century Spanish America
Joan Miró : painting and anti-painting 1927-1937
Return of the plumed serpent
Imagining Spain : historical myth & national identity
Cultural differences in Ibero-Nordic communications : perceptions about Finnish and Colombian negotiators
From the acclaimed author of "Conquistador" comes this thrilling account of one of history's greatest adventures of discovery--the true story of a legendary sixteenth-century explorer and his death-defying navigation of the Amazon.
Navigating the Spanish Lake : the Pacific in the Iberian world, 1521-1898
The grand tour : the world of pleasure
Inés of my soul
The spy with 29 names : the story of the Second World War's most audacious double agent
Our America : a Hispanic history of the United States
Persons and places. [1], The background of my life
Jovellanos and his English sources : economic, philosophical, and political writings
Spain is different
Creating a tourism product for promoting Finland as a tourism destination to Hispanic people : website @finlandia.com
The Hispanic world : civilization and empire : Europe and the Americas : past and present
All-time spanish favorites : complete spanish lyrics, music and guitar chords
Finnish and Spanish families in converging Europe
Christopher Columbus and the Enterprise of the Indies : a brief history with documents
A land so strange : the epic journey of Cabeza de Vaca : the extraordinary tale of a shipwrecked Spaniard who walked across America in the sixteenth century
