http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16108 extension
extension
The objective of this Bachelor's thesis was to improve the sealing ability and lifespan of an underground Load Haul Dump vehicle cabin door seal. The current seal design is subject to wear and tear caused by the operator's equipment as well as environmental factors that reduce the lifespan of the seal. The goal was to minimize and remove these factors to increase the lifespan of the seal and to introduce new solutions and improved concepts for the client. The first section of the theoretical part discusses some aspects of the mining environment that have impact on the seal design and introduces the requirements set for the sealing by the environment. This section also explains some of the major causes that lead to sealing failures as well as important safety aspects, concerning the cabin enclosure and door seal design. The second section of the theoretical part covers the fundamentals of sealing and ways profile size, mass and shape affect bending radius and sealing ability. This section also covers the different material options chosen for this particular application. The last chapter of the theoretical part presents the most important material properties and a comparison between the different materials is made. The practical part of the thesis discusses the design process in more detail. Considerations on how to improve the current design and elongate the lifespan of the seal are presented. Production and manufacturing cost considerations are also included as well as the introduction of different methods, designed to protect the seal from abrasion, tearing and deformations.The final section of the practical part introduces and compares the attachment methods and sealing profile concepts, designed especially for the application. The concepts were compared to each other using a comparison table. Crown and triangle profiles got the highest overall rating in the comparison, while the solid profile concept got the lowest rating. There was very little differences in the profiles with the highest rating but finally, the triangle profile was chosen over the crown profile for its better shape properties and. The direct clamp attachment method was chosen as the most suitable of the methods because of the ease of attaching and replacing, compared to the other methods. Material choice was left open at this point because materials used by different manufacturers may, at first look, appear to be identical and still have very different properties.
Improving the lifespan of an underground loader cabin door seal
Hair extensions : additions and integrations
Skating in ice hockey
Summary.
The Arabic verb : form and meaning in the vowel-lengthening patterns
eXtensions : the official guide to hair extensions
The effect of gradual distraction of the mandible on the sheep temporomandibular joint
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Social partners : out with early exit - in with lifelong learning and career development?
The Realisation of Prominence in Three Varieties of Standard Spoken Finnish
