http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16117 rehabilitation subsidy
rehabilitation subsidy
Journal of bodywork and movement therapies
Finnish athletes' expectations about physiotherapy in sport injury rehabilitation
Assessment and treatment of muscle imbalance : the Janda approach
Comprehensive manual therapy for the lower extremity
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution, Finland. 2000
Order from chaos : responding to traumatic events
Clinical application of neuromuscular techniques : practical case study exercises
Supported employment for people with mental health problems : the practices in four European organisations : report of the Echo Project subgroup 1/1 "Supported employment"
English summary: Social protection in Finland and the role of the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).
Working with dual diagnosis : a psychosocial perspective
Steps to follow : the comprehensive treatment of patients with hemiplegia
Clinical application of neuromuscular techniques. Vol. 1, The upper body
"No one bothers you here" : clients̕ experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
Pathology and intervention in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Clinical reasoning for manual therapists
Therapeutic exercise for musculoskeletal injuries
ABC of the horse : atlas
Atlas of amputations and limb deficiencies : surgical, prosthetic, and rehabilitation principles
Manual for functional training
Assistive technology : matching device and consumer for successful rehabilitation
Comprehensive manual therapy for the upper extremity
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014= FPAs statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Physiotherapy for amputees : the Roehampton approach
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2007 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2007.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Techniques in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Therapeutic programs for musculoskeletal disorders
Small closed virtual communities : case: power and support from the net rehabilitation courses for people with multiple sclerosis
Exercises for osteoporosis : a safe and effective way to build bone density and muscle strength
Musculoskeletal interventions: techniques for therapeutic exercise
Treatment and rehabilitation of fractures
After crime and punishment : pathways to offender reintegration
Scientific foundations and principles of practice in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
Exercise handouts for rehabilitation
Abstract (1 s.). Summary (s. 97-99): I'm stronger than before : the rehabilitation experience of people with long employment histories.
Manipulative therapy in rehabilitation of the locomotor system
"From experience to innovation" : proceedings of the 13th Triennial Congress of the International Ergonomics Association, June 29 - July 4, 1997 Tampere, Finland. Volume 4, Musculoskeletal disorders, rehabilitation
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Mobilization of the extremity joints : examination and basic treatment techniques
The practice of psychosocial occupational therapy
Aquatic exercise therapy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1999 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1999 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1999.
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
Orthopaedic medicine : a practical approach
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2002 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2002 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2002.
"Taking a unique perspective, this book argues for a psychosocial approach to dual diagnosis and draws on this to highlight practice skills with specific groups including individuals, families and communities. The inclusion of case studies, reflection points and reflective exercises throughout help to aid learning and provide practice insight"--
Brukner & Khan's clinical sports medicine. Volume 1, Injuries
Techniques in musculoskeletal rehabilitation. Companion handbook
Human movement : an introductory text
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2015
The musculoskeletal system : core topics in the new curriculum
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2001 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2001 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2001.
Hand pain and impairment
Manual of orthopaedics
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1994 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistiska årsbok 1994 = Statistical yearbook of the social insurance institution, Finland 1994.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2003 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2003 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2003.
Treat your own back
Comprehensive manual therapy for the cervical and thoracic spine
Mental health befriending : a volunteer scheme proposal for Quo Vadis trust
Adult rehabilitation : a team approach for therapists
Clinical aspects of lower extremity orthotics
Handbook of orthopaedic rehabilitation
Quality of life, motivation and costs in multidisciplinary occupational rehabilitation : a prospective controlled two-year study in patients with prolonged musculoskeletal disorders
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2006
Right in the middle : selective trunk activity in the treatment of adult hemiplegia
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 1997 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 1997 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 1997.
Evaluation and treatment of the shoulder : an integration of the guide to physical therapist practice
Effectiveness of a workplace physical exercise intervention on the functioning, work ability, and subjective well-being of office workers : a cluster randomised controlled cross-over trial with a one-year follow-up
Comprehensive manual therapy for the lumbar spine
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Folkpensionsanstaltens statistika årsbok 2004 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2004.
Development project as driving change in elderly care
Clinical aspects of lower extremity prosthetics : trans tibial, symes and partial foot amputations
Essentials of physical medicine and rehabilitation : musculoskeletal disorders, pain, and rehabilitation
On our own, together : peer programs for people with mental illness
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Women's narratives on fibromyalgia, functioning and life events
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2008 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2008.
Movement : functional movement systems : screening, assessment, and corrective strategies
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Athletic and sport issues in musculoskeletal rehabilitation
"No one bothers you here" : Clients' experiences on the psychosocial support and the services in a maintenance treatment community
English summary.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Good practice in brain injury case management
Independent living : challenges for disability policy ; [translation: Ministry of Social Affairs and Health]
From institutional life to community participation : ideas and realities concerning support to persons with intellectual disability
Coping with sports injuries : psychological strategies for rehabilitation
Allocation of rehabilitation measures provided by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland and its efects on work disability among local government employees.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Therapeutic exercise for physical therapist assistants
Rehabilitation, crime and justice
