http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16103 3D Studio MAX
3D Studio MAX
Using 3D Scanning in 3D Character Modeling and Game Figure Production
Abstract: The 3D Studio MAX scene to DieselEngine (r) 3D scene exporter plugin.
Interactive Shockwave 3D mill site
Mastering Autodesk 3ds Max Design 2011 : autodesk official training guide
3ds max animation and visual effects techniques
Texture synthesizer - procedural texturing and modeling tool for 3D Studio MAX
Mastering 3ds max 4
Abstract: Using 3D Scanning in 3D Character Modeling and Game Figure Production. The theme of this thesis was to discuss the theory of 3D scanning, focus on the flowchart of using 3D NextEngine Desktop Scanner hardware and software as well as the 3D game character exporting and importing in both 3ds Max and CryENGINE2 Sandbox2. The purpose of this final-year project was to scan models made of modeling paste using the 3D NextEngine ScanStudio. The models were developed and imported as raw files into 3dsMax. At the same step, the skeletons were adjusted and the ranges of the envelopes were also defined. Finally, the models were connected to the skeletons to be used in the game engine CryENGINE2 Sandbox2. One scanned model was to act as a character on a scene of the game Crysis. There were several exporting and importing processes in this project, including the fixing and saving of the texture and mapping of the 3D scanned models. This project was concerned with finding the best way to design the 3D characters by using a 3D scanner. In fact, the final result showed that it is possible to use a scanned model for animation and acting as a character in a game. It also showed that a 3D scanned model is one of the fastest ways to do the character modeling for 3D character action or shooting games. It is also easy to use by people who are not really professional users of 3ds Max and game design.
3ds Max modeling : bots, mechs, and droids
Getting started in 3D with 3ds max : model, texture, rig, animate and render in 3ds max
3ds max 6 animation and visual effects techniques
Poly-modeling with 3ds Max : thinking outside of the box
Rendering with Mental Ray and 3Ds Max
Digital architecture
Game art complete : all-in-one: learn Maya, 3ds Max, zBrush, and Photoshop winning techniques
Essential CG lightning techniques with 3ds Max
Autodesk 3ds Max 2010 : foundation for games
Realistic architectural visualization with 3ds Max and mental ray
Game character modeling and animation with 3ds Max
3D Studio Max 3.0 workshop
Google SketchUp 7 for dummies
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2011: get spectacular results fast
3ds max modeling for games : insider's guide to game character, vehicle, and environment modeling. volume 1
Modeling a character in 3ds Max
Realistic architectural rendering with 3ds Max and mental ray
Deconstructing the elements with 3 ds Max : create natural fire, earth, air and water without plug-ins
Rendering with Mental ray & 3Ds Max
Essential CG lighting techniques with 3ds Max
Exploring sound design for interactive media
Introducing 3ds Max 9 : 3D for beginners
Creating 3D worlds : [ how to produce breathtaking, realistic-looking 3D landscapes using the techniques the professionals use]
3D animation : from models to movies
3ds max 5 for dummies
3ds Max animation with Biped
Exploring 3D modeling with 3ds max 8
Using 3D scanning in 3D character modeling and game figure production
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2009 : get spectacular results fast
3ds max modeling for games : insider's guide to stylized modeling. volume 2
How to cheat in 3ds Max 2010 : get spectacular results fast
Virtual vixens : 3D character modeling and scene placement
3ds max 8 new features and production workflow
3DS Max 5 for windows : visual quickstart guide
3ds max animation with character studio 4 and plug-ins
Tradigital 3ds Max : a CG animator's guide to applying the classic principles of animation
3ds max lighting
Autodesk(R) Maya(R) and Autodesk(R) 3ds Max(R) side-by-side
Graphic design school : the principles and practices of graphic design
Learning Autodesk® 3 ds Max® 2008 : foundation
3ds max 6 animation : CG filmmaking from concept to completion
3ds Max modeling for games : insider's guide to game character, vehicle, and environment modeling
3ds max 9 accelerated : a full-color guide
Mastering the art of production with 3ds Max 4
Mastering 3D studio, Max R3
Exploring 3D modeling with 3ds Max 7
Model, rig, animate with 3ds max 7
The 3D Studio MAX scene to DieselEngine(r) 3D scene exporter plugin
