http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16179 occupational structure
occupational structure
Väestön taloudellinen toiminta 1950-2000 = Befolkningens ekonomiska verksamhet 1950-2000 = Economic activity of the population 1950-2000
The working class in the labour market
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organization: Denmark
"In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation?"
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Research in science and technology studies : gender and work
Privatization and labor : responses and consequences in global perspective
Future skill needs in Europe : medium-term forecast : background technical report
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organization : Belgium
Early identification of skill needs in Europe
Structuration of work situation in Finland and Soviet Estonia
The end of lawyers? : rethinking the nature of legal services
The inheritance of inequality
Meeting the challenge of change at work
Race against the machine : how the digital revolution is accelerating innovation, driving productivity, and irreversibly transforming employment and the economy
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organisation : synthesis report
Prestige and association in an urban community : an analysis of an urban stratification system
The social structure of the USSR : recent Soviet studies
Power in the highest degree : professionals and the rise of a new Mandarin order
Knowledge workers in the information society : evidence from Finland
Abstract: "I am not a man nor a woman, I am a reporter" : gender and the profession of reporters in the 1960s and 1970s Finland.
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
The essence of Japanese society : Nordic and Japanese interpretations
Class and skill : changing divisions of knowledge and labour
Concepts and methodology for labour market forecasts by occupation and qualification in the context of a flexible labour market
Gender and teaching : where have all the men gone?
Trade unions in Britain today
Abstract: Vocational training and qualifications.
Missing men in education
Explorations in social theory
Trade, technology and the skill structure of labour demand in Finland
New approaches to economic life : economic restructuring: unemployment and the social division of labour
Changing practice in health and social care
The rise of professional society : England since 1880
Employment
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of imperial Russia until the 1970s
The structure and government of labor unions
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2015 : national and regional estimates
Identifying skill needs for the future : from research to policy and practice
Systems, institutional frameworks and processes for early identification of skill needs
European structures of qualification levels : a synthesis based on reports on recent developments in Germany, Spain, France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom (England and Wales). Vol. 1
In the footsteps of Sweden : a comparative analysis of the changes in some relevant characteristics of society in Sweden and in Hungary. Part 1, Dimensions of social stratification : the occupational structure
Occupational and educational structures of the labour force and levels of economic development
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
This critical assessment of the division of labour in medicine sets current practice in its historical context. The book demonstrates the centrality of gender divisions both between and within the individual medical and health professions - doctors, nurses, midwives and others. Drawing on accounts from different countries and a wide range of professional groups, the contributors examine the extent to which the division of labour is changing and the effect of such changes on the status of women within the health professions. While the proportion of female doctors is rising, the continued constraints on women attaining full equality are explored.
Job rotation - European models
Informational societies : understanding the Third Industrial Revolution
Professionalizing the organization : reducing bureaucracy to enhance effectiveness
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Summary.
InnoSteel - true stories made out of steel
Gender, work and medicine : women and the medical division of labour
Education, environment and man's economy in Northern Finland
Ethnic traditions, classes and communities
Social partners : out with early exit - in with lifelong learning and career development?
The division of labour in post-industrial societies
Contemporary issues of occupational education in Finland
Sociological tools measuring occupations : new classification and scales
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLVIII, 2013
Class crystallization
Technological changes, wage inequality and skill premiums: evidence over three centuries
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2025
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
What about the workers? : workers and the transition to capitalism in Russia
The primary purpose of the book is to provide a standardized format for viewing and discussing English to ASL interpretations. By providing this standardization, interpreters will have an opportunity to develop their skills based on the specific criteria contained in this book with the ultimate goal of improving their interpretations. It will also assist interpreters in clearly articulating the criteria that distinguishes between novice and expert English to ASL interpretations. This book does not address ASL to English interpretation, nor transliteration skills.
The labour market for information technology professionals in Europe
Chicago lawyers : the social structure of the bar
The Soviet industrial worker : social class, education and control
Class and social organisation in Finland, Sweden and Norway
The military profession in change : the case of Sweden
Population census. Vol. 9B, Evaluation study of the 1990 census
Lawyers ́ethics : the social construction of lawyers ́professionalism Danish practicing lawyers and some pre-conditions for their ethics
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organization: the Netherlands
Architect as intermediary : towards open source practice
Abstract.
Summary in danish.
Boundaries of an urban minority : the Helsinki Jewish community from the end of Imperial Russia until the 1970s
The European Social Fund : an overview of the programming period 1994-1999
Ethics and professionalism
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organization: United Kingdom
Ethnic and social stratification in peninsular Malaysia
Interpretation skills : English to American sign language
Class, power and technology : skilled workers in Britain and America
The role of the company in generating skills : the learning effects of work organization: Portugal
The world's newest profession : management consulting in the twentieth century
Education, training and demand for labour in Finland by 2020
