http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16130 alternative lifestyle
alternative lifestyle
Narratives of self and relatedness in eco-communes : resistance against normalized individualization and the nuclear family
Fugitives & refugees : a walk in Portland, Oregon
Sustainable lifestyles and the quest for plenitude : case studies of the new economy
Ecovillage living : restoring the earth and her people
The Topsy-Turvies
Wild Child
Green, greener, greenest : a practical guide to making eco-smart choices a part of your life
Slow living
The Topsy-Turvies / by Francesca Simon ; illustrated by Emily Bolam
The rise of the creative class : and how it's transforming work, leisure, community and everyday life
Beyond New Age : exploring alternative spirituality
Paleo all-in-one for dummies®
The slow food story : politics and pleasure
Branded : The Buying and Selling of Teenagers
Pretty vacant : a history of punk
La habanera : the escape from the rat race
The magitech™ game
The tourism and leisure industry : shaping the future
The idler. No 44, Mind your business : a collection of essays on the art of living
The $100 startup : fire your boss, do what you love and work better to live more
Shaker built : the form and function of Shaker architecture
Minimum wage. Book two : The tales of Hoffman / edited by Gary Groth ; foreword by Dana Gould
And what do you do? : 10 steps to creating a portfolio career
Building on previous work on backpacking, this book takes the analysis of backpacker tourism further by engaging both with new theoretical debates into tourism experiences and mobilities as well as with new empirical phenomena such as the rise of the 'flashpacker' and alternative destinations. The chapters include material on flashpacking, the virtualization of backpacker culture, the re-conceptualisation of lifestyle travellers, backpackers as volunteer tourists, as well as backpackers' experiences of hostels, mobilities and their policy implications. It sets a new benchmark for the study of independent travel in the contemporary world.
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
Among the Bohemians : experiments in living 1900-1939
Less is more : embracing simplicity for a healthy planet, a caring economy and lasting happiness
Voluntary simplicity : responding to consumer culture
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Abstract: The ecological city - from conflict to communication.
Living with less : how to downsize to 100 personal possessions
Days of love, nights of war : crimethink for beginners
Slow food revolution : a new culture for eating and living
Intimate citizenship : private decisions and public dialogues
Utne : a different read on life
Slow food nation : why our food should be good, clean, and fair
A journey through alternative ways of living : a design approach for scaling up grassroots initiatives torwards sustainability
A safe and sustainable world : the promise of ecological design
Getting loose : lifestyle consumption in the 1970s
"Change your job to change your life. You no longer need to work nine-to-five in a big company to pay the mortgage, send your kids to school and afford that yearly holiday. You can quit the rat race and start up on your own - and you don't need an MBA or a huge investment to do it. The $100 Startup is your manual to a new way of living. Learn how to: earn as much as you would from a nine-to-five job but on your own terms, when and where you want; achieve that perfect blend of passion and income to make work something you love; take crucial insights from 50 ordinary people who started a business with $100 or less; spend less time working and more time living your life"--Publisher's description.
More vibes in India : westerners in search of a better life in Varanasi
5 - the dish
Beyond backpacker tourism : mobilities and experiences
Paleo all-in-one for dummies
Bohemian manifesto : a field guide to living on the edge
Backpackers in Australia
The modern utopian : alternative communities of the '60s and '70s
Man who quit money
Boat people of Amsterdam
This book offers the first serious exploration of the many different aspects of alternative spirituality. While there is much talk of 'spirituality' now, no other collection has specifically addressed its many 'alternative' -non-ecclesiastical in the broadest sense - manifestations. The authors aim to open up a relatively unexplored and often quite hidden dimension of religion in the modern world through non-confessional, critical study. They establish both the vibrancy of contemporary experiments in alternative spirituality, as well as its historical pedigree. The broad range of subject matter includes magical ritual, independent seekers and gurus, the Theosophical movement, C. G. Jung, turn-of-the-century artistic and spiritual colonies, Iona and Glastonbury, alternative healing, and the influence of secular and humanistic thought. Readers of this fascinating book will gain an overall sense of the sociological, anthropological, historical and ethnographical perspectives on the study of religion and the many alternative forms of spirituality. Key features *International names contributing to this subject area *Increasingly important subject in courses in Religious Studies and Sociology *Wide range of voices in contributions.
The idler : 20th anniversary special. No 46, Free spirits : interviews 1993-2013
Living lightly : travels in post-consumer society
Revive! : end exhaustion and feel great again
Away from it all
New information technologies and small scale job creation : the alternative economy and job creation in USA with policy recommendation applicable to the European context : final report
How to live off-grid : journeys outside the system
The family : change or continuity?
How we live now : redefining home and family in the 21st century
Green consumption energy use and carbon dioxide emission
Branded : the buying and selling of teenagers
No impact man : saving the planet one family at a time
La Habanera : the escape from the rat race
West of Eden : communes and utopia in northern California
Neo-bohemia : art and commerce in the postindustrial city
More or less : choosing a lifestyle of excessive generosity
Voluntary simplicity : toward a way of life that is outwardly simple, inwardly rich
The rebel sell : why the culture can't be jammed
The politics and pleasures of consuming differently : better than shopping
On my Swedish island : discovering the secrets of Scandinavian well-being
The call of the weird : travels in the American subcultures
Life's work : geographies of social reproduction
No impact man : the adventures of a guilty liberal who attempts to save the planet and the discoveries he makes about himself and our way of life in the process
Senseless acts of beauty : cultures of resistance since the sixties
Walden and civil disobedience
Treehouses : small spaces in nature
