http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16183 agricultural economics
agricultural economics
Journal of farm management
Types of rural economy : studies in world agriculture
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
How to make a living in the country : your personal plan for independence
Agricultural and environmental resource economics
The impact of the Uruguay Round on tariff escalation in agricultural products
The economics of agriculture
The land and the laboureurs : a record of facts and experiments in cottage farming and co-operative agriculture
Canadian journal of agricultural economics
Agricultural production in continental Europe during the 1914-18 war and the reconstruction period
Journal of agricultural economics
Family farm policy : Proceedings of a conference on family farm policy... held at the University of Chicago February 15-20, 1946.
The economics of very small farms : a further look
The human factor in agricultural management : proceedings of the first I.A.A.E intereuropean seminar Warsaw, May 1968
Economics for agriculture : food, farming and the rural economy
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
The value of agricultural land
Agricultural development : an international perspective
Papers on Hungarian agriculture : special issue for the 5th Congress of the European Association of Agricultural Economists, Balatonszéplak, 31 August - 4 September 1987
Oxford agrarian studies
Agroforestry today
The growth of physical capital in agriculture, 1870-1950
Agriculture and economic growth : theory and measurement
Journal of international food & agribusiness marketing
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 1B, Marketing, distribution and consumers
The marketing of wool
The economy of crop production : the fifth Finnish-Hungarian-Polish Seminar on Agricultural Economics, Finland, June 13.-17.1983
The economics of subsidising agriculture : a study of British policy
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
Land reform in Japan
The agro-economic education at St Cyril and Methodius University in the Republic of Macedonia : a comparative study of the agro-economic university education in Macedonia, Sweden, Norway and Greece
Concepts and measurement of technical and structural change in Swedish agriculture
International explorations of agricultural economics : A tribute to the inspiration of Leonard Knight Elmhirst
The farm as a business : a handbook of standards and statistics, prepared in collaboration with the Provincial Agricultural Economics Service for use in farm management advisory work
Farm planning and budgeting services in farm management advisory work : report on the training course
Farm surveys report. 1987.
Farm management : manual on the preparation of national and regional handbooks for use in farm management advisory work
Gender in agriculture : closing the knowledge gap
From Marx and Mao to the market : the economics and politics of agricultural transition
Farm management in the United States : report by a group of experts
Journal of agricultural and applied economics
The milk sector has received much attention in Europe due to the abolition of milk quotas in 2015 and its potential effect on the geographical distribution of milk production across countries. As a way of assessing the competitive advantage of Nordic EU countries, we investigated the productivity level and productivity growth of milk farms across eight countries of the Baltic Sea region from 1995 to 2010. We found considerable discrepancy in the productivity performance of dairy farms across countries. TFP growth rates indicate that, at farm level, the competitive positions of the older EU members are stable, and that there is no catching up from the newer EU entrants. We offer explanations for this evolution based on the different patterns of structural change followed by the studied countries.
Catastrophic yield risks and the demand for crop insurance in Finland
The human factor in agricultural management : proceedings of the first I.A.A.E intereuropean seminar Warsaw, May 1968.
The economics of agricultural policies
Simulation and systems analysis in agriculture
Physical results (year ended December 1986) : financial results (6 months ended December 1986)
The importance of animal diseases for trade, food and public health in an integrated Europe
12th chronological list of publications : academic years 1981-82 - 1985-86
The story of agricultural economics in the United States, 1840-1932 : men - services - ideas
Agriculture in Western Europe : challenge and response 1880-1980
Economic analysis of soil capital, land use and agricultural production in Kenya
Development of agrotourism in Nepal, an alternative to emigration for Nepalese youths : case: Bishram Batika Restaurant
Applying holistic indicators to assess dairy farm efficiency is essential for sustainable milk production. Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) has been instrumental for the calculation of such indicators. However, 'additive' DEA models have been rarely used in dairy research. This study presented an additive model known as slacks-based measure (SBM) of efficiency and its advantages over DEA models used in most past dairy studies. First, SBM incorporates undesirable outputs as actual outputs of the production process. Second, it identifies the main production factors causing inefficiency. Third, these factors can be 'priced' to estimate the cost of inefficiency. The value of SBM for efficiency analyses was demonstrated with a comparison of four contrasting dairy management systems in terms of technical and environmental efficiency. These systems were part of a multiple-year breeding and feeding systems experiment (two genetic lines: select vs. control; and two feeding strategies: high forage vs. low forage, where the latter involved a higher proportion of concentrated feeds) where detailed data were collected to strict protocols. The select genetic herd was more technically and environmentally efficient than the control herd, regardless of feeding strategy. However, the efficiency performance of the select herd was more volatile from year to year than that of the control herd. Overall, technical and environmental efficiency were strongly and positively correlated, suggesting that when technically efficient, the four systems were also efficient in terms of undesirable output reduction. Detailed data such as those used in this study are increasingly becoming available for commercial herds through precision farming. Therefore, the methods presented in this study are growing in importance..
Improving efficiency assessments using additive data envelopment analysis models: an application to contrasting dairy farming systems
A time to choose : summary report on the structure of agriculture
Economic aspects of development of agricultural alternatives to tobacco production and export marketing in Malawi
A meta-analysis of rates of return to agricultural R&D : ex pede herculem?
This paper studies the structural development of farms with more than one hectare of arable land in northern Finland and explores the reasons behind the development. The paper relies mainly on agricultural census information and farm register statistics, focusing on the period after World War II.Agricultural settlement expanded in northern Finland well into the mid- 1960s due to active policy measures. The period of extensive rural population was short-lived, however. A number of unfavourable factors emerged roughly simultaneously and the number of active farms declined from nearly 60,000 in the 1960s to about 10,000 in 2000. Finland's entry into the EU in the mid-1990s gave further impetus to the development toward fewer but larger farms.Today, active farms are several times as large as their predecessors 40-50 years ago. About 50 percent of all active farms in northern Finland are dairy farms, whose impact is considerably larger than their mere number would suggest.
Contemporary readings in agricultural economics
Outlook on agriculture
Research in domestic and international agribusiness management
Risk and irrigation investment in a semi-arid economy = Risiko og vanningsinvesteringer i en tørrlands ekonomi
Climate change and agriculture : theory and application of mitigation policies
Economics of Irish agriculture
Agriculture : the triumph and the shame
Agricultural economics and agribusiness
Replacement decisions on Finnish dairy farms : toward better economic performance with novel technology and sustainable herds
Australian journal of agricultural economics
Ajankohtaista maatalousekonomiaa = Current topics in agricultural economics
Resource adjustment and European agriculture : proceedings of the 5th Congress of the European Association of Agricultural Economists, held in Balatonszēplak, Hungary, 31st August-4th September 1987
Rural life and rural welfare in the Netherlands
How to make money selling fresh fruits and vegetables
Management of agriculture and food in the German-occupied and other areas of fortress Europe : a study in military government
Journal of agricultural and resource economics
Studies on agricultural income, price and support policy
Introduction to agricultural economics
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 2B, Agricultural and food policy
Outlines of agricultural economics
Changes in the structure of Swedish agriculture
Associations of market traders : their roles and potential for further development
Agricultural value chain finance : tools and lessons
Noble landowners and agriculture in Austria 1815-1848
Farmers of the world : the development of agricultural extension
An introduction to economics : concepts for students of agriculture and the rural sector
The farm and the city
An introduction to the study of agricultural economics
Agricultural marketing enterprises for the developing world : with case studies of indigenous private, transnational co-operative and parastatal enterprise
The Common Agricultural Policy
Success on the small farm
Report of the Technical consultation on research in agricultural economics and policy in Europe : held in Nieborow (Poland) 16-20 October 1989.
European review of agricultural economics
Agriculture and economic progress
Roots in the earth : the small farmer looks ahead
Landlord and peasant in Persia : a study of land tenure and land revenue administration
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 1A, Agricultural production
Farmers' choice on multifunctionality targeted policy measures
Fields without dreams : defending the agrarian idea
Agricultural commodity markets and trade : new approaches to analyzing market structure and instability
An introduction to economics for students of agriculture
Changing the risk at the margin : smallholder farming and public policy in developing countries
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
DYNAMIC-AAGE : a dynamic applied general equilibrium model of the Danish economy based on the AAGE and MONASH models
Modelling the EU sugar policy
Modeling farm decisions for policy analysis
The implications of policy changes for the world dairy industry : proceedings of the Policy, Economics and Marketing Conference, IDF World Dairy Summit 2001, [Auckland], New Zealand
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
Wool! modern myths, new horizons
Farm planning and control
The law of diminishing returns, part one: the law of the diminishing increment : part two: The law of the soil
Transforming traditional agriculture
The Central Union of Agricultural Producers
Impact of science on African agriculture and food security
Agriculture in the twenty-first century
Economic planning in free societies
Climate change and agriculture : an economic analysis of global impacts, adaptation and distributional effects
Sammanfattningar av examensarbeten 1994 = Summaries of exam theses 1994
The Common Agricultural Policy : continuity and change
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Chilean journal of agricultural research
Competitiveness of Dairy Farms In Northern Europe: A Cross-Country analysis
Handbook of bioenergy : bioenergy supply chain - models and applications
Land tenure : proceedings of the International Conference on Land Tenure and Related Problems in World Agriculture, held at Madison, Wisconsin, 1951
World trade in agricultural products : its growth, its crisis and the new trade policies
Agricultural economics, 1913-1938 : being the twenty-fifth annual report of the Agricultural Economics Research Institute
Agrārās zinātnes attīstības problēmas ES vienotā telpā = Problems of agrarian research development in common European space : proceedings of the International Scientific Conference, May 27-28, 2005, Jelgava, Latvia
This handbook brings together recent advances in the areas of supply chain optimization, supply chain management, and life-cycle cost analysis of bioenergy. These topics are important for the development and long-term sustainability of the bioenergy industry. The increasing interest in bioenergy has been motivated by its potential to become a key future energy source. The opportunities and challenges that this industry has been facing have been the motivation for a number of optimization-related works on bioenergy. Practitioners and academicians agree that the two major barriers of further investments in this industry are biomass supply uncertainty and costs. The goal of this handbook is to present several cutting-edge developments and tools to help the industry overcome these supply chain and economic challenges. Case studies highlighting the problems faced by investors in the US and Europe illustrate the impact of certain tools in making bioenergy an economically viable energy option.
The economics of agricultural policy
The economics of agricultural development
Economics of resources, agriculture and food
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Research report
Respecting free, prior and informed consent : practical guidance for governments, companies, NGOs, indigenous peoples and local communities in relation to land acquisition
Farms of northern Finland
From agronomic data to farmer recommendations : answers to workbook exercises
Why has world trade slowed?
Bio-Economic Models applied to Agricultural Systems
Agricultural price trends in the EC
AgExporter : the monthly magazine for food and agricultural exporters
Povoa de Varzim (Portugal) : 43rd General Assembly of the European Confederation of Agriculture CEA, 7-11 October 1991.
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
The economic theory of agrarian institutions
The Future of the North American granary : politics, economics, and resource constraints in north American agriculture
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Earl O. Heady : his impact on agricultural economics
OECD economic outlook
Technical and economic changes in Danish farming : 40 years of farm records 1917-1957
Obernberg : a quantitative analysis of a Tirolean peasant economy
The socialized agriculture of the USSR : plans and performance
Modern agricultural management : a systems approach to farming
