http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16262 working life
working life
Career development and counseling : putting theory and research to work
Programs for working life research and development
Educational leave in member states
Work stress
Psychological resources, their social antecedents, and association with well-being and health behaviour in early adulthood
Spoiled youth or occupational forerunners? : American and Finnish discourses on generation Y at work
Journal of human resources
Partnering with employees : a practical system for building empowered relationships
Summary in Finnish.
Decent work : objectives and strategies
Sexual discrimination and sexual harassment in the work place
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 2
Children's and parents' experiences on everyday life and the home/work balance in Finland
Developing networking studies to match the requirements of the workplace
Work stress and the incidence of newly diagnosed migraine among women
A practical guide to equal employment opportunity. Vol. 1
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work?
From Web to workplace : designing open Hypermedia systems
Working in Finland : information for immigrants
Social psychology at work : essays in honour of Michael Argyle
Women at work : socialization toward inequality
Understanding management critically : a student text
The woman wage earner : her situation today
"The workplace has become the next frontier for gay rights," stated a Fortune magazine cover story, and this book - based on a series of groundbreaking interviews with more than 100 gay and lesbian alumni of the Harvard Business School - is the most complete and most in-depth study ever made of gay and lesbian managers, executives, and employees in this country. Straight Jobs, Gay Lives frankly examines issues such as coming out versus being closeted in the workplace, harassment, discrimination, health and insurance benefits, resources and support groups, and the differences between the experiences of gay men and lesbians. With hundreds of personal stories -- from men and women of all ages and races - Straight Jobs, Gay Lives provides readers with the encouragement, information, and support that they need to navigate today's fast-changing business world.
Labour law and industrial relations of the European union : Maastricht and beyond : from a Community to a Union
Programme of work for ..
Through language we show who we are and where we belong. In the workplace context this includes the way we construct ourselves as the team leader, meeting chair, a good colleague, the judge, a teacher orresearcher. Constructing Identities at Work presents cutting edge research on the process of identity construction in professional and institutional contexts, from corporate workplaces, to courtrooms, classrooms, and academia. The authors illustrate the range of foci, methodologies and approaches prevalent in the newly established field of workplace discourse, demonstrating how interactants do identity work and how identity is 'indexed' (often in subtle ways) in workplace discourse. Moving beyond unhelpful static universalities about how all women, all English-speakers, or all old people behave linguistically, each of the authors emphasises the contextualised nature of our everyday lives and the ways in which we negotiate and renegotiate our emerging identities with others. Among the chapters there are examples of a range of different theoretical approaches to identity in linguistics, from the prevalent social constructionist lens to the micro-level detail accessible through Conversation Analysis, and the quantitative analysis offered by corpus linguistics.
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Predictors of early retirement : a population-based study in men from Eastern Finland
The role of the English language in the integration of refugees into Finnish society
Effects of ICT connectedness, permeability, flexibility, and negative spillovers on burnout and job and family satisfaction
The future of female-dominated occupations
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
Girls, wives, faktory lives
Professional progress : why women still don't have wives
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Women at work : psychological and organizational perspectives
Show your work! : 10 ways to share your creativity and get discovered
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
This is the first no-holds-barred analysis of men and women differ in the workplace, and how you can use these differences to move to the top of the creer tree.
Defining 'social entrepreneurship' has in the past proved problematic, and debate continues concerning what it does and does not entail and encompass. This unique book frames the debates surrounding the phenomenon and argues that many of the difficulties relating to the study of social entrepreneurship are rooted in methodological issues. Highlighting these issues, the book sets out ideas and implications for researchers utilising alternative methodologies. Contributors expertly present practical guides for researchers, setting out appropriate strategies and methods that can be adopted to explore and understand social entrepreneurship. Chapters include research strategies such as storytelling, action research and the case study, as well as the methods appropriate for understanding discourse, large data sets, and networks. The book also explores some challenges for researchers, and will be of particular interest to early career researchers or researchers first approaching the field.
Builders of a new Europe : women immigrants from the eastern trans-regions
Opening up new opportunities in gender equality work
7 skills that will catapult your career
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Illustrated salaryman in Japan
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
National workplace development programme : a proposal of a tripartite expert group to the Ministry of Labour 8 December 1995.
The credibility gap : how to understand the men in your business life and win by your own rules
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Gender and organizations - changing perspectives : theoretical considerations and empirical findings
Critical reflections on career education and guidance : promoting social justice within a global economy
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Towards active citizenship : Friskie Programme as a professional method for guidance
Effective multicultural teams : theory and practice
The emotionally intelligent workplace : how to select for measure, and improve emotional intelligence in individuals, groups, and organizations
Longer careers? : the Veto Programme indicators
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
Sexual and gender minorities at work
A qualitative study of male and female perceptions in differences in the working and domestic sphere : a comparison of the French and Finnish cultures
International issue
Feedback from Metropolia graduates: studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant  and their Road to Working Life
Social Networks and the Working Life : design and development of a business oriented social network website for the Innowell project
Abstract: How does Enneagram help in developing emotional intelligence at work? This advisory report has been conducted for Hogeschool INHolland Diemen as a part of the graduation programme in International Business and Management Studies. The purpose of the advisory report is to prepare the students for professional working life and test their analytical and consulting skills. The researcher, Mr. Sampsa Raitamäki, is a fourth year Finnish double degree student from Metropolia Business School, Metropolia UAS. Alongside studies, the researcher had interest in a personality theory model called Enneagram. The advisory report was a great opportunity to combine Enneagram with the IBMS studies. Therefore the researcher decided to examine the connection between Enneagram and emotional intelligence at business context. A requirement for the advisory report was to find a client whom to work with. The client for this project was TMI Leena Aijasaho, a Finnish sole entrepreneur who offers professional work supervisor and coaching services for various companies and organisations.
Higher education research in Finland : emerging structures and contemporary issues
Progress of the Finnish national workplace development programme : interim report of the management group to the economic council
Write it down, make it happen : knowing what you want-- and getting it!
Straight jobs gay lives : gay and lesbian professionals, the Harvard Business School, and the American workplace
Graduate employment : career expectations of University of Jyväskylä students in languages
Ethical problems in work and working environment contexts
New office information technology : human and managerial implications
Is the equality of work flexible
Just wages : a feminist assessment of pay equity
The education-jobs gap : underemployment or economic democracy
Work patterns and capital utilisation : an international comparative study
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of finnish university physics
Handbook of work-life integration among professionals : challenges and opportunities
Workplace health promotion in Europe : the role of national health policies and strategies
Straight Talk has been the number one tool for HR, Diversity, Operational or any other management / associate personnel with a stake in seeing meaningful inclusion of sexual orientation and gender identity at their organization. It covers education content and methodology, domestic partner benefits, internal and external business case elements, strategies for full inclusion, a look at employee resource networks formed around these issues, academic courseware, how to successfully manifest a transsexual transition, and much, much more. So, why did we stop the presses on a planned fourth edition? Because the publishing process as it exists today does not allow us to update it fast and furiously enough to ensure that it keeps pace with the changes occurring in its subject areas. Those changes are significant and are occurring just about daily.
The organized mind : thinking straight in the age of information overload
The transition of youth from school to work : issues and policies
Women at work : white paper on working women in Europe
Psychometrics in coaching : using psychological and psychometric tools for development
Seven rules on having a happy marriage along with work
Heart at work : stories and strategies for building self-esteem and reawakening the soul at work
Women at work
Reading Work explores changing understandings of literacy and its place in contemporary workplace settings. It points to new questions and dilemmas to consider in planning and teaching workplace education. By taking a social perspective on literacies in the workplace, this book challenges traditional thinking about workplace literacy as functional skills, and enables readers to see the complexity of literacy practices and their embeddedness in culture, knowledge and action. A mixture of ethnographic studies, analysis, and personal reflections makes these ideas accessible and relevant to a wide range of readers in the fields of adult literacy and language education and helps to bridge the divide between theory and practice in the field of workplace education. Reading Work: Literacies in the New Workplace features: four distinct but related ethnographies of literacy use in contemporary workplaces; a social practice view of literacy brought to the workplace; collaborative research undertaken by experienced workplace educators and academics working in the areas of adult literacy and second language learning; implications chapters for both practice and theory--presented not as a series of steps but rather as reflections by seasoned educators on shared dilemmas; and engaging, accessible writing that encourages workplace practitioners to read, learn from, and do their own research.
Constructing identities at work
Behind the Chinese miracle : migrant workers tell their stories
Are the healthier wealthier or the wealthier healthier? : the European evidence
Gender equality : transforming family divisions of labor
Visions of the future of social justice : essays on the occasion of the ILO's 75th anniversary
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
The school/work nexus : transition of youth from school to work
Living and working in the information society : people first : Green paper : document drawn up on the basis of COM(96) 389 final
The closet takes its toll on its dwellers through their experiences of isolation, fear, paranoia, potentially increased internalized homophobia, and dissonance between role and identity; yet many people in the helping professions do not feel that it is desirable or even appropriate to disclose their sexual orientation to those receiving help. Gay and Lesbian Professionals in the Closet explores the different positions people take on this provocative issue, the arguments they use to support their positions, and why the issue may not be as clear-cut as it sometimes seems. While complex sociopsychological factors, cultural values and influences, and legal issues keep many gays, lesbians, and bisexuals in the closet, closeted practice may have its advantages. A closeted practitioner, whether case manager, counselor, psychotherapist, physician, or minister, can bring understanding and insight to practice with homosexual clients and their families, as well as lend substantial support to openly gay and lesbian helping professionals. Yet, as Gay and Lesbian Professionals in the Closet reveals, being closeted can compromise your integrity, as well as that of your clients, and the benefits of being out will likely outweigh those of being closeted.
The impact of biotechnology on working conditions
When teams collide : managing the international team successfully
Managing teams for dummies
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
Why men earn more : the startling truth behind the pay gap--and what women can do about it
Gender and family among transnational professionals
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
The handbook of employee benefits : design, funding and administration
The 2010 International Business curriculum of Kymenlaakso University of Applied Sciences and the changing demands of working life.
Finnish professionals with limited English proficiency : a study of language attitudes and language use
The rules of work : a definitive code for personal success
Higher education and working life : collaborations, confrontations and challenges
From Lost to Leading
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Social psychology of the work organization
Women at work : a century of industrial change
How the Japanese learn to work
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Rest : why you get more done when you work less
Leadership in organizations
See-sawing between work and home : shift-working mothers' perceptions on work/family balance
Discrimination - a way of earning or wasting money? : the allocation of the work under imperfect competition
Training for Self and Group Employment Creation in Africa : The 16th World Congress of Rehabilitation International 1988 Tokyo
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Flexible working and its implications for businesses : Case study IBM
How does Enneagram help in developing Emotional Intelligence at work?
The loveliest chocolate shop in Paris
The young professional's survival guide : from cab fares to moral snares
Technology and the future of the work
Computers and labour markets : international evidence
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
A study of on-the-job training
Gender in the workplace
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Sleep, work and mental health
New ways of organizing work : developments, perspectives and experiences
The careerist : over 100 ways to get ahead at work
New Ways of Organizing Work offers a broader understanding of changes to the way work is organized and the implications for relevant stakeholders. It brings together contributions from a well established group of international scholars to examine the nature and consequences of new ways of working. The book draws on studies of a variety of new forms of work, involving a diverse range of employees and drawing on experiences in a variety of countries. It includes three main empirical sections. The first focuses on different forms of work and working arrangements, stimulated by the use of technology, increased competitive pressure and media portrayal of work and working. In contrast to much other work in the field, a strong theme of this book is individuals' experiences of new ways of working. The second empirical section examines this theme with a specific focus on remote workers and their responses to new ways of working. Exploring contemporary trends towards increasing use of global teams, the third section examines the implications of distributed teams and the challenges for managing performance and knowledge transfer.
Vocational Guidance for the Deaf : a Classified Guide to the Basic Requirements for Occupations Open to the Profoundly Deaf
Around the globe, career education and guidance is being presented as the answer to social exclusion, ensuring economic competitiveness and prosperity. The profile of career education and guidance has never been higher. Yet, current policy discussions have centred on individuals' development of 'self managed' careers within a global labour market, placing employability skills above all concerns. This book goes beyond the rhetoric of the 'self managed' career and 'employability skills' by exploring career education and guidance from critical and radical standpoints. The contributors question the economic underpinning that has driven social agendas, arguing that career education and guidance needs to place greater emphasis on developing socially just practices. The views expressed help to open up the debate around the impact of globalisation as consideration is given to the ways in which career professionals might actively enable, empower and promote the democratic engagement of all in the shaping of their worlds. The contributors consider the issues within a range of contexts including 'race', gender, disability and social class. "Critical Reflections on Career Education and Guidance" is essential reading for students, academics, practitioners and researchers who wish to achieve a greater understanding of the contexts involved.
Mental health and work organizations
Woman's work in the Far East. Vol. 15 : No 2.
The Birkman method
Gender inequality at work
Protection for working women
Search, bargaining and employer discrimination
Team of teams : new rules of engagement for a complex world
The world of work : industrial society and human relations
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Organizational justice, job insecurity and psychological distress: testing the uncertainty management model
Gender, education and employment : an international comparison of school-to-work transitions
The industrial outlook by various writers
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Gender and the European labour market
Summary.
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Women and work : honest answers to rel questions
Social games and identity in the higher education workplace : playing with gender, class and emotion
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Reduced working hours : reshaping the duration, timing and tempo of work
Third party in workplace conflicts : the mediator's conflict management and intercultural competences
While recent studies have highlighted the phenomenon and risks of increased inequalities between the top and the bottom of society, little research has so far been carried out on trends relating to the median income range that generally represents the middle class. This volume examines the following questions: what are the main transformations in the world of work over the last 20 years in terms of the labour market, social dialogue and conditions of work, wages and incomes that may have affected the middle class? How has the middle class been altered by the financial and economic crisis? What are the long-term trends for the middle class in Europe? This volume also investigates the potential risks and effects of the reshuffling, or even weakening, of the middle class. On the social side, it explores the ramifications of further retrenchment of the European Social Model, which to a great extent has traditionally been funded by the middle class. On the economic side, the book investigates whether this process - especially from the perspective of consumption and human capital - is endangering the long-term sustainability of the current economic model. While presenting evidence of a definite erosion of the middle class, this book assesses the specific situation in each individual EU member state on the basis of detailed statistics and case studies of professional categories that traditionally represent the middle class. This book issues a timely warning about the latest trends and prospects for the middle class in Europe. On this basis, it presents policy considerations and options that will be useful to policy-makers for ensuring the future of the middle class in Europe. Scholars and researchers of European studies and social policy, especially from a sustainability perspective, will find this volume to be an invaluable reference.
Reading work : literacies in the new workplace
Empirical studies on working hours and labour market flows
For our daughters : how outstanding women worldwide have balanced home and career
The use of English in the working life of Finnish engineers
Promoting Intercultural Management for Working Life in the Baltic Sea Region : A Five-Year Project. Thoughts, Experiences and Impact
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
LinkedIn for dummies
Industrial relations
Routes to a more open labour market
Working woman's pregnancy
Abstract: Discrimination is one of the most controversial phenomena to challenge the Human Resources (HR) function in the work place. It has been discussed in depth by sociologists, politicians and lawyers and remains a topical issue. Despite advances gender discrimination still persists, and continues to be experienced by women in the contemporary work space. Purpose - As job satisfaction has been shown to directly affect business performance, there has been increased interest in how job satisfaction can be improved through effective human resource management. Therefore, this study will attempt to discover the empirical factors that could determine the satisfaction levels of workers in the UK, and this research will also examine whether the gender of workers determines any differences in the levels of satisfaction. Methodology - This study uses theories to compare job satisfaction and performance. The major determinant being gender equality and focusing on whether there is correlation between equality and job satisfaction. Findings - Even though job satisfaction and equal treatment of women and men does not necessarily bring about better performance and productivity; however the reverse affects the work environment negatively. Keeping employees satisfied is one method of keeping companies productive. Moreover motivating workers with more responsibility and challenge makes workplaces healthier. Research limitations - This research focuses on the UK job market; however it a vital issue to extend this to other countries and in better detail. Practical implications - This study intends to present understanding of those variables that are likely to determine the satisfaction of women employees, and the author hopes that company managers will find these findings valuable to adopt opportunities to motivate workers more effectively to raise their levels of satisfaction and commitment. Original value - This study offers findings that are valuable and original as the focus will examine whether the gender of workers could determine their job satisfaction, and how this influences the productivity and performance of organisations.
Entrepreneurial learning in practice : How work-life and entrepreneurship experience can be utilized in higher education studies?
Precarious employment in perspective : old and new challenges to working conditions in Sweden
Managing knowledge work and innovation
Sociology, work, and industry
Downshifting : how to work less and enjoy life more
Socialization of the beginning teachers : a comparative study in Finnish and Chinese context
Straight talk about gays in the workplace
Gender, culture and organizational change : putting theory into practice
Work
Applications of cognitive work analysis
Gay and lesbian professionals in the closet : who's in, who's out, and why
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
We all play games at work - but have you ever wondered how your identity becomes bound up with game playing? This book is about employees in the Higher Education workplace and it provides an interpretation of why people act the way they do at work as an expression of game playing. It offers an insight into how people try to adapt and fit in at work by looking at how value is attached to certain identities through the lens of class and gender. The figure of the 'chav', the 'emotional woman', 'The Grafter', and 'Mrs. Bucket', are explored in detail as representations of what kinds of people are permitted, or not, to fit in at work. These identities are topical, and may even be familiar to readers, but the author's analysis of them challenges why they exist, what function these identities serve at work, and who is able to deploy and inscribe them as part of the games people play at work.
Stress at work : stress management
Feedback from Metropolia graduates : studying in an English Degree Program as an Immigrant and their Road to Working Life
Women and the labour market
An evaluation of the Swedish working life fund
From education to work : report from Friskie EU -project
Managing professional and family life : a comparative study of British and French women
That women have entered the work force in large numbers is a well-known economic development, but many questions remain about the effects of this dramatic shift. Have women been truly integrated into the labor market? How have they fared in the competition for fair wages and professional jobs? What has happened to the American family and its standard of living?
Works councils : consultation, representation, and cooperation in industrial relations
The rational approach to labor and industry : economic and social partnership in Austria
Understanding interaction search behavior in professional social networks
Learning and education of older workers : lifelong learning at the margin
Sociological research in the area of working life in Finland
Cultural diversity in the workplace : issues and strategies
The Belbin guide to succeeding at work
Education and longer working lives : a longitudinal study on education differences in the late exit from working life of older employees in Finland
A linguistic limbo : migrants' perspectives and attitudes to the roles of English and Finnish in Finnish academic working life
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to conduct an evaluation study based on the feedback from former students with immigrant background of the English Degree Program in Social Services (DPSS) with the help of interviews. The idea of the evaluation was to harness what elements in the curriculum of the degree program had been useful during the studies and for later working life. The evaluation study was divided into three parts including their feedback on the study curriculum, studying in a multicultural environment and experiences on the process towards working life. A qualitative approach was used in carrying out the study. Semi structured interviews were used in collecting data. The study was focused on the individuals experiences and personal opinions in order for it to be able to provide a detailed feedback for the working life partner. Former students of the English degree program with immigrant background were contacted and six interviews were used for this study including two teacher interviews. The findings showed that the curriculum and the multicultural study environment generally played a supportive role for the former students of the DPSS. Work placements were regarded as the most beneficial element of the curriculum regarding employment opportunities in Finland. In conclusion, the results indicate that although there was a certain amount of dissatisfaction regarding the English language skills used in teaching, students were generally satisfied. The students were mainly motivated about getting a bachelor's certificate since they knew that the degree program will provide them one.
Understanding the classical music profession : the past, the present and strategies for the future
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Quality of work life survey
Handbook of research methods on social entrepreneurship
Employment and labour market interventions : papers and proceedings of the fourth meeting of Asian employment planners, New Delhi, december 17-19, 1991
Flexibility in working life : opportunities for individual choice
Hegemony, contradiction, and gender in the context of Finnish university physics
Abstaining from alcohol and labour market underperformance : have we forgotten the "dry" alcoholics?
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Work stress and social support
Women in the labor market
"All communication is intercultural" : applying the concepts of culture shock and adaptation to transition processes of graduates from student life to work life
A kick in the attitude : an energizing approach to recharge your team, work, and life
Workplace Finland - workplace Europe : why do we need a research and development programme for working life?
Labor and social security in China
Career Development and Counseling, Second Edition focuses on scientifically based career theories and practices, including those derived from research in other disciplines. Driven by the latest empirical and practical evidence, this text offers the most in-depth, far-reaching, and comprehensive career development and counseling resource available. The Second Edition includes new chapters on gender, race/ethnicity, social class and poverty, sexual minority identity, disability status, personality, and relational factors.
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Working life correspondence of the curriculum in the Degree Programme in Facility Management
Communicating at work : principles and practices for business and the professions
In search for a Russian knowledge worker
Identities at work
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Europe's disappearing middle class? : evidence from the world of work
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Towards active and working life orientated learning : teaching methods for teachers and training providers
Life's Too Short
Towards a stronger social dimension of the European Union
Me and MyCity as a teaching method
The 50th law
This book provides a comprehensive discussion of the relationship between higher education and working life from three different perspectives: society, higher education and the world of work. The purpose of the volume is twofold: first, to critically analyse the relationship between higher education and working life, and second, to offer material that helps university teachers develop their teaching in a way that their students will be better prepared for challenges of the continuously changing world. The chapters discuss the interplay between education and work both from the societal point of.
Applicants in a real-life selection context : their personality types, reactions to the process, and faking
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Work and family : an international research perspective
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
"Productivity for the future" : the Finnish national productivity programme enters a new phase
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
Intercultural management competence in Finnish multicultural working life : case Aamujakelu Oy
