http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1620 free-range areas
free-range areas
Loose housing and animal welfare
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Technology for milking and housing of dairy cows : NJF-seminar no 337, 11 -13 February 2002, Hamar, Norway
Comparison of the breeding performance of cows in cold and warm loose-housing systems in Finland
Optimal forest taxation under stochastic demand and endogenous timber prices
Acclimatization of dairy calves to a cold and variable micro-climate
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Hyperketonaemia  risk lower in organic cows housed in free stalls
Welfare assessment in dairy cattle herds with loose-housing cubicle systems : development and evaluation of welfare indicators : PhD thesis
Cow signals checkbook : working on health, production and welfare
Loose housing and udder health
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing for replacement beef heifers on restricted grass silage-based diet in a cold environment
Prospects for bedded pack barns for dairy cattle
Building for the cow
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Animal welfare and economics in beef production
Energy intake and growth of weanling horses in a cold loose housing system
Loser cows in Danish dairy herds with loose-housing systems: definition, prevalence, consequences and risk factors
Loose housing and hoof health
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings : instrumentation, theory and measurements
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
Microclimate and gas emissions in dairy buildings: instrumentation, theory and measurements
Associations of type of loose-housing and breed of cow with health, milk yield and fertility
Loose housing of horses in a cold climate : effects on behaviour, nutrition, growth and cold resistance
Wellfare assessment in a commercial sow herd : development, evaluation and report of the method : revised reprint of PhD thesis
Animal performance and carcass characteristics of growing Hereford bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions in Northern Finland
