http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16267 Neoclassicism
Neoclassicism
Quinlan Terry : selected works : architectural monographs no 27 = Architectural monographs no 27 : Quinlan Terry, selected works
Male trouble : a crisis in representation / Abigail Solomon-Godeau
Mies van der Rohe, 1886-1969 : the structure of space
Classical architecture
Sir John Soane : the Royal Academy lectures
1789, the emblems of reason
Palladio : a western progress
Music theory in concept and practice
The mathematics of the Ideal villa and other essays
Charles-Louis Clérisseau and the genesis of Neo-Classicism
Summary : Historical abstracts ( Santa Barbara, Cal. ) 9 ( 1963 ) s. 241.
Neoclassical theatre : a historiographical handbook
The works by John Vanderlyn : from Tammany to the Capitol
Ornament and the grotesque : fantastical decoration from antiquity to Art Nouveau
Carl Menger and the origins of Austrian economics
Essential architecture : the history of western architecture
Panorama of world art : Art of nineteenth-century
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies. Volume 1, From the Gothic to Neoclassicism
The neoclassical source book
Napoleon and his artists
Masterpieces of Western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the Gothic to the present day. Volume 1, From the Gothic to neoclassicism
Designs for gilt bronze objects from the French Restoration, 1814-1830 : clocks, candelabra, chandeliers, wall sconces, and inkstands
Concertante chamber music in the 1920s : birth of a new genre
Victorian painters
The pleasure of antiques
The civilizing project in medieval Korea : neo-classicism, nativism, and figurations of power
Representations of revolution (1798-1820)
Anton Raphael Mengs and neoclassicism
Karl Friedrich Schinkel : Das architektonische Werk heute = The architectural work today
Paris nineteenth century : architecture and urbanism
Neoclassical architecture in Greece
Neoclassicism and romanticism : Architecture, sculpture, painting, drawing : 1750-1848
HISTORY OF ART : A SURVEY OF THE MAJOR VISUAL
Human well-being and economic goals
The eye of Thomas Jefferson : [exhibition dates at the National Gallery of Art, June 5 - September 6, 1976] /  William Howard Adams, editor
Architecture in Britain, 1530 to 1830
Carl August Ehrensvärd : architect and critic of architecture
Painting from romanticism to realism (The autonomous grand duchy) / Bo Lindberg
Neoclassical and 19th century architecture
The architecture of the eighteenth century
Jean-Michel Frank
Czech 19th-century painting : catalogue of the permanent exhibition Convent of St. Agnes of Bohemia / Nadezda Blazícková-Horová (ed.)
The first moderns : the architects of the eighteenth century
Nicolai Abildgaard : revolution embodied : [Statens Museum for Kunst, Copenhagen,  29 August 2009 - 24 January 2010] / Thomas Ledeballe ,  Martin Myrone ... [et al.]
Rings : symbols of wealth, power and affection
The triumph of the classical : Cambridge architecture, 1804-1834 : exhibition
Geometries of silence : three approaches to neoclassical art
Neoclassical and 19th century architecture. 2, The diffusion and development of classicism and the Gothic revival
Picasso and portraiture : representation and transformation : [the Museum of Modern Art, New York, April 28 - September 17, 1996 : Grand Palais, Paris, October 1996 - January 1997] / edited by William Rubin ; with essays by Anne Baldassari ... [et al.]
Karl Friedrich Schinkel : an architecture for Prussia
The baroque : principles, styles, modes, themes
The eighteenth century
The social history of art. Volume 3, Rococo, Classicism and Romanticism
The genius of architectures : or the analogy of the art with our sensations
From interwar pluralism to postwar neoclassicism
Canova : ideal heads : in the Chambers Hall Gallery, Ashmolean Museum, Oxford, 11 July - 14 September 1997 / edited by Katharine Eustace
Signs of modernism in the architecture of Soviet Latvia between 1960-1980
French architects and engineers in the Age of Enlightenment
Transformations in late eighteenth century art
Helsinki's neo-classical centre / Kalevi Pöykkö
Two major neoclassical works in the Sinebrychoff art museum by Johan Tobias Sergell : The Faun and the Amor and Psyche
Modern Art from Fauvism to Abstract Expressionism. 8
Neo-classicism / Hugh Honour
The interpretations of art
The age of caricature : satirical prints in the reign of George III
Taste and the antique : the lure of classical sculpure 1500-1900 / Francis Haskell, Nicholas Penny
Natur, Mimesis, historia : anteckningar om klassicismen = Nature, Mimesis, history : notes on classicism / Sven-Olof Wallenstein
Summaries in English.
The object of art : the theory of illusion in eighteenthcentury France
The classical language of architecture
European art of the eighteenth century
Unforeseeable discoveries and the Austrian rationale of rules
Neoclassicism in the North : Swedish furniture and interiors 1770-1850 : with a catalogue of furniture types and styles and notes on the architects, artists, and craftsmen
The LEGO architect
Picasso : style and meaning / Elizabeth Cowling
World Furniture
Architecture in France in the eighteenth century
Thomas Ripley, Architekt : Fallstudie einer Karriere im Royal Office of the King's Works im Zeitalter des Neopalladianismus
A capital problem : the Attic order and the Greek revival in America
Alexander Ǵreek ́Thomson
Theory and reality in financial economics : essays toward a new political finance
Neoclassicism in the North : Swedish furniture and interiors 1770-1850
Plan for a capital : neoclassical architecture in Helsinki
Neoclassicism in music : from the genesis of the concept through the Schoenberg/Stravinsky polemic
Augustin Pajou, royal sculptor 1730 - 1809 : [the Musée du Louvre, Paris, from October 20, 1997, to January 19, 1998 : the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, from February 26 to May 24, 1998] / James David Draper, Guilhem Scherf
Uses LEGO models to explore Neoclassical, Art Deco, Brutalist, Modernist, and other architectural styles. Each chapter includes a discussion of the architectural movement, photographs of famous real-life buildings, and a gallery of LEGO models, with step-by-step building instructions / WorldCat.
Masterpieces of western art : a history of art in 900 individual studies from the gothic to the present day
The classical tradition in art
Karl Friedrich Schinkel, 1781 - 1841 :[the drama of arcitecture] / edited by John Zukowsky ; with essays by Kurt Forster ... [et al.]
The persistence of classicism : Sterling and Francine Clark Art Institute, Williamstown, Massachusetts, March 4 - June 4, 1995 / Patricia Mainardi  ; with contributions by Graham Bader... [et al.]
Two interpretations of nationalism : the neoclassical heart of Helsinki
Det neo-klassistiska projektet = The neo-classical project
The persistence of allegory : drama and neoclassicism from Shakespeare to Wagner
Johan Tobias Sergell (1740-1814) and neoclassicism : sculpture of Sergell's years abroad, 1767-1779 / Elvy Setterqvist O'Brien
Writings on art
Art from Ingres to Pollock : painting and sculpture since neoclassicism : an exhibition inaugurating Alfred L. Kroeber Hall and the galleries of the art department of the university of California, Berkeley, March 6 - April 3 1960.
German architecture and the classical ideal
Modernity and the classical tradition : architectural essays 1980-1987
Neoclassicism and Romanticism : architecture, sculpture, painting, drawings, 1750-1848
K. F. Schinkel 1781-1841 : an architect in the service of beauty
ANTIQUE FURNITURE : BAROQUE, ROCOCO, NEOCLASSICAL
A social history of modern art. Vol. 1, Art in an age of revolution 1750-1800
Revival architecture in Hungary : Classicism and Romanticism
Darius Milhaud : modality & structure in music of the 1920s
Multiple masks : neoclassicism in Stravinsky's works on Greek subjects
Views on Europe : Europe and German painting in the Nineteenth century
J. N. L. Durand (1760-1834) : art and science of architecture
Literary criticism. 2 : Neo classical criticism: a short history
Approaches to poetry
History of world architecture. Neoclassical and 19th century architecture
Building a nation
On the statue of Christ by Thorvaldsen / Anne-Mette Gravgaard, Eva Henschen
Portraits by Ingres : image of an epoch
Ho George Whitmore stēn Kerkyra : to Anaktoro tōn Hagiōn Michaēl kai Geōrgiou kai to Mnēmeio Maitland = George Whitmore on Corfu : the Palace of St. Michael and St. George and the Maitland Monument
Historical dictionary of neoclassical art and architecture
Greek, Roman or medieval? : the choice of style in Finnish architecture 1780-1830
