http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16293 ditties (songs)
ditties (songs)
Fairy Tales for Hard Men
State of grace
The Voice Of The People. Volume 16 : You lazy lot of bone-shakers : Songs & dance tunes of seasonal events
Tremble my heart
Original album classics
Lemon incest
Times of confession and desperate love
Gifted & Black ; Live at Berkeley
Fragments of a rainy season
Our troubles end tonight
Kiss your blues away
It's bubbly!
Songs of love and hate
Between me & the wardrobe
You'd have to be here
The Memory of trees
Songs from the coal mine canary
The very best of Lila Downs = El alma de Lila Downs
My greatest songs
Night song
The first songs
Columbia River Collection
Bridge over troubled water
Songs for beginners
Everything could be so perfect
Gabriel & the lunatic lover
Dance without answer
Sunny Side!
Angel of the morning : the best of Nina Simone
When good things happen to bad pianos
Carl Michael Bellman
To be free : the Nina Simone story
Reflection : Songs from Finland
Irish pub songs
After the fall
Songs of yesterday
Yves Montand
Fourty classic hits
Room with a view = Chambre avec vue
Jacques Brel is alive and well and living in Paris
Can't forget : a souvenir of the Grand Tour
Shine on. 2
The Favourite songs of Ireland : Two dozen traditional and modern all-time favourite Irish songs
Sex without bodies
I megaliteres epitihies tis Maria Farandouri = The very best of Maria Farandouri
Chico : the definitive collection 1970-1984
Le coffret = The essentials
Pills to purge melancholy : Lewd songs and low ballads from 18th century
The Voice Of The People. Volume 6 : Tonight I'll make you my bride : ballads of true & false lovers: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Boys in the trees
The snow abides
Fisherman's woman
The Voice Of The People. Volume 15 : As me and my love sat courting : songs of love, courtship & marriage: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Shanties
Just like a woman : Nina Simone sings classic songs of the 60's
Man in the long black coat : Barb Jungr sings Bob Dylan
L'inoubliable
"Venceremos" : Víctor Jara and the new Chilean song movement
Smoke that cigarette : pleasure to burn
The Voice Of The People. Volume 1 : Come let us buy the licence : songs of courtship & marriage: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Beasts of season
The storyteller ; Collector's items
New day
Absinthe : the French album
Tank battles : the songs of Hanns Eisler
The Voice Of The People. Volume 10 : Who's that at my bed window? : songs of love & amorous encounters: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Traditional christmas carols
There's life in the old dog yet
Old love songs & ballads from the Big Laurel, North Carolina
There will be stars
Anthology
The calling
Without you I'm nothing
An evening with Neil Gaiman & Amanda Palmer
The Voice Of The People. Volume 3 : O'er his grave the grass grew green : tragic ballads: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Paul Robeson sings Ol' man river and other favorites
Her greatest chansons : edition spéciale anniversaire = birthday edition
Anthology of Harry Chapin
Secret symmetry
Journeys
Wild is the wind
Best of Francoise Hardy
Grace : and other Irish love songs
Love on the beat ; You're under arrest
The cry
My heart would know ; Heart and soul
The great Melina Mercouri
Another World
Dreaming the world
Fight for your mind
Anchors & anvils
Plaisirs inedits
Alive in Lisboa
The Randy Newman songbook. Vol. 2
The house of ill repute
Pop & visor. 1
The Makem & Clancy Collection
The collection
Everybody knows
