http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16299 musicality
musicality
Exploring the musical mind : cognition, emotion, ability, function
MENC handbook of research on music learning. Vol. 2, Applications
Music cognition
This is your brain on music : the science of a human obsession
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Musicianship : how and where in the brain?
The upbringing of the talented violinist
Your musical child : inspiring kids to play for keeps
Kai Karma and empirical research on musicality : a personal note
The Soloist
Tonal and rhythm patterns, an objective analysis : a taxonomy of tonal patterns and rhythm patterns and seminal experimental evidence of their difficulty and growth rate
Musicality and prognosis : some factors related to success in school music situations
Psychology of music
Arrau on music and performance
Kindling the spark : recognizing and developing musical talent
Learning sequences in music : skill, content, and patterns : a music learning theory
Psychological foundations of musical education
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
Musical development from a lifespan perspective
Musical beginnings : origins and development of musical competence
How musical is a whale? : towards a theory of zoömusicology
The perfect wrong note : learning to trust your musical self
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 2, Test construction and results
The developmental psychology of music
The musical idea and the logic, technique, and art of its presentation
Genome-wide linkage scan for loci of musical aplitude in Finnish families
The music between us : is music a universal language?
Multiple intelligences reconsidered
Psychological foundations of musical behavior
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude
Guitar zero : the new musician and the science of learning
Popular music. 2, Theory and method
Rhythm and stress : the connection between musicality and the pronunciation of English
All the people's sorrow : making a concert of laments
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Estonian and Finnish gifted children in their learning environments : articles
The mind's ear : exercises for improving the musical imagination for performers, composers, and listeners
The right instrument for your child : the key to unlocking musical talent
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Primary music : later years
Development of a technique for identifying elementary school children's musical concepts
The guided reader to teaching and learning music
The musical experience of composer, performer, listener
Focus on music : exploring the musical interests and abilities of blind and partially-sighted children and young people with septo-optic dysplasia
Music 3-5
Alicia's gift
Music in the early years
Musical thoughts & afterthoughts
Handbook of music psychology
The connectivity of musical aptitude and foreign language learning skills : neural and behavioural evidence
Sound and symbol. Vol. 2, Man the musician
Songs in their heads : music and its meaning in children's lives
A cultural psychology of music education
Musical ability in children and its measurement
Teaching music in the primary school
The musical mind : the cognitive psychology of music
Basic principles in pianoforte playing
Music makes your child smarter : how music helps every child's development
The effect of grade level, gender, and learning style on responses to conservation-type rhythmic and melodic patterns
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 5, summary and conclusions
The psychology of musical ability
Frames of mind : the theory of multiple intelligences
Ability development from age zero
Music and child development
Andekas laps muutuvas ühiskonnas : rahvusvahelise konverentsi ettekanded : 24. november 2001 = Gifted child in the changing society : conference reports on 24 November 2001
Auditory perception of musical sounds by children in the first six grades
Mamma mia! : Adapting and narrativising pop songs into a successful jukebox musical
A general measurement for similarity relations : a heuristic for constructing or evaluating aspects of possible musical grammars
The nature of children's musical learning in the context of a music classroom
How musical is man?
Musical growth and development : birth through six
Music and its secret influence throughout the ages
Music in childhood : from preschool through the elementary grades
An objective psychology of music
The power of music : pioneering discoveries in the new science of song
The Guided Reader to Teaching and Learning Music draws on extracts from the published work of some of the most influential education writers to provide insight, guidance and clarity about key issues affecting Music teachers. The book brings together key extracts from classic and contemporary writing and contextualises these in both theoretical and practical terms. The extracts are accompanied by a summary of the key ideas and issues raised, questions to promote discussion and reflective practice, and annotated further reading lists to extend thinking.
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 4, Experiences with modifications of the acoustic structuring test
Genetics and genomics of musical abilities
The ability to structure acoustic material as a measure of musical aptitude. 3, Theoretical refinements
Abstract.
Tests and measurements in music
This book is a pathbreaking exploration into how and why the human organism -- and the ebb and flow of the cosmos -- is moved by the undeniable effect of music. As Elena Mannes reveals in her eye-opening book, we are at a breakthrough moment in music research, for only recently has science sought in earnest to understand and explain the power of music and its connection to the body, the brain, and the world of nature. The award-winning creator of the acclaimed documentary The Music Instinct: Science & Song follows visionary researchers and accomplished musicians to unveil the latest discoveries in the new science of music. How much of our musicality is learned and how much is innate? Can examining the biological foundations of music help scientists unravel the intricate web of human cognition and brain function? Why is music virtually universal across cultures and time, and does it provide some evolutionary advantage? Can music make people healthier? Might music contain organizing principles of harmonic vibration that underlie the cosmos itself? One remarkable recent study shows that infants' cries contain common musical intervals. Physics experiments show that sound waves can change the structure of a material; world-famous musician Bobby McFerrin believes musical sound vibrations physically penetrate our bodies, shifting molecules as they do. From neurologist Gottfried Schlaug and X-ray astronomer Andrew Fabian, who studies the actual music of the spheres, to opera star Deborah Voigt and the deaf Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie, who "hears" through her feet, Mannes takes us to the crossroads of science and culture. Perhaps most remarkably, she explores the power of music to heal. "We can imagine a day," she writes, "when doctors write prescriptions for music," knowing what precise combinations of notes and styles affect different parts of the body and mind.
The sound of music : the correlation between musicality and English intonation skills
Learning sequences in music : skill, content and patterns : a music learning theory
How popular musicians learn : a way ahead for music education
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
The construction and validation of a criterion-referenced test to measure the musical outcomes of the upper elementary school pupils instructed in the Kodály method in the USA
Finnish summary.
Music and the brain : studies in the neurology of music
Neurology of music
The mind behind the musical ear : how children develop musical intelligence
Learning English through and for singing : learner experiences of the interrelation of music and language
The musical body : Guy Cools with Jonathan Burrows and Matteo Fargion
The anatomy of musicality
Musical starting points with young children
The music of language : a comparative study on the effects of musical aptitude on English pronunciation
Psychology and music : the understanding of melody and rhythm
Tests of musical ability and appreciation : An investigation into the measurement, distribution, and development of musical capacity
Measurement and evaluation of musical experiences
Music as cognition : the development of thought in sound
Florence
Music and imagination
MENC handbook of research on music learning. Vol. 1, Strategies
Creativity in improvisational, psychodynamic music therapy
Artistically and musically talented students
Guitar zero : the science of learning to be musical
Musical prodigies : interpretations from psychology, education, musicology, and ethnomusicology
The Oxford handbook of music psychology
Aptitude and achievement : a study of the foreign language aptitude of Finnish secondary school music-class and non music-class learners of English and its influence on achievement and attitudes to learning
Music in the human experience : an introduction to music psychology
