http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16281 chronobiology
chronobiology
Internal Time combines storytelling with accessible science tutorials to explain how our internal clocks work--for example, why morning classes are so unpopular and why "lazy" adolescents are wise to avoid them. We learn why the constant twilight of our largely indoor lives makes us dependent on alarm clocks and tired, and why social demands and work schedules lead to a social jet lag that compromises our daily functioning. --from publisher description.
Morning versus evening dosing of ibuprofen using conventional and time-controlled release formulations
Genetics and molecular biology of rhythms in Drosophila and other insects
The roles of chronobiological and socioeconomic factors in the occurrence of cerebrovascular diseases
The athlete's clock : how biology and time affect sport performance
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Internal time : chronotypes, social jet lag, and why you're so tired
Chronobiology of marine organisms
Insect clocks
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Circadian rhythms and health research trends
Time-dependent structure and control of arterial blood pressure
