http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1629 reliability (general)
reliability (general) dependability trustworthiness
Reliability physics and engineering : time-to-failure modeling
Practical power systems protection
Optimal reliability modeling : principles and applications
Effects of production repairs to product field reliability
RCM : gateway to world class maintenance
The aim for this study was to increase delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects. The subject is still almost completely unstudied. Pragmatically the aim was to collect problems that cause loss of time and resources and therefore decrease of quality, to see if there are good practices or solutions to these projects and to test them in actual projects to see if they actually work and to get some data or evaluations about the saved resources. It took a much longer time than planned to complete this study, but this was rather a good thing for the project. This way it gave time to gather more experience-based knowledge, to see various practices in various projects, and most of all, gave time to try out the small improvements that make the difference. The method of having experience-based knowledge and other studies side by side brought depth and a good comparison to this study even though the other studies were not exactly about this topic. It was rather astonishing to notice that though there are hundreds and thousands studies about JIT (just in time) factory improvements and supply chain management for manufacturing industry, very little interest was given to delivery projects. The interviews revealed that every entity in this branch of business worries about some of these issues every now and then, but nobody had never given it a systematical approach. Quite remarkable is that the problems and solutions are the same in several different kinds of delivery projects. It is also interesting is that these problems are not usually one-of-a-kind and good practices are at least known, but still unused. Even small changes can make significant savings to project.The solutions introduced in this study have been proven efficient and that by implementing even some of them in use, a fair amount of resources can be saved. Therefore the study can be considered to be a success. Most of the actions are implemented to practice and thus the results can be considered reliable. Yet, there are still a great deal of possibilities to continue to study this matter and to go deeper in details as this study is at the general level.
Tools for the test laboratory to implement measurement uncertainty budgets
Quality, reliability and information technology : trends and future directions
Design for reliability
Towards the high quality of population health surveys : standardization and quality control
Digital media, youth, and credibility
Qualitative research in nursing and healthcare
Distal chevron osteotomy for hallux valgus surgery : role of fixation and postoperative regimens in the long-term outcomes of distal chevron osteotomy : a randomised, controlled, two-by-two factorial trial of 100 patients
Observations of acoustic emission in power semiconductors
The complete guide to referencing and avoiding plagiarism
Engineering maintability : how to design for reliability and easy maintenance
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
New trends in system reliability evaluation
Risk-based reliability analysis and generic principles for risk reduction
Information security
Science fiction? : the discourse of persuasion in academic writing
Essentials of research methods in human sciences. Volume 3, Advanced analysis
Reliability analysis for engineers : an introduction
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
Modeling of solder bumps
Formal reasoning about dependability in model-driven development
A qualification tool for component package feasibility in infrastructure products
Guaranteed error bounds for linear algebra problems and a class of Picard-Lindelöf iteration methods
In this work, Dhillo compiles information on designing modern engineering systems to reduce the time and expense required for maintenance, estimated by some to be typically over 60 per cent. He considers both traditional and innovative maintainability concepts and includes references.
Control systems safety evaluation and reliability
Trust development in international joint ventures : a case study of Finnish-Indian joint venture
How reliable is a satellite forest inventory?
Reliability and risk : a Bayesian perspective
The concept of validity : revisions, new directions, and applications
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Reliability and optimization of structural systems, V : proceedings of the IFIP WG7.5 Fifth Working Conference on Reliability and Optimization of Structural Systems, Takamatsu, Kagawa, Japan, 24-26 March, 1993
Characterizing the reliability of solid-state lighting electrical drivers
The engineering design process
Dependability of critical computer systems : guidelines. 1
Reliability of electronic packages and semiconductor devices
Three-dimensional effects and surface breakdown addressing efficiency and reliability problems in avalanche bipolar junction transistors
Improving the standard reliability tests for tantalum capacitors
Proficiency test SYKE 4/2013 : metals in waters and sediment
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Practical reliability engineering
Clash of the titans : pragma-dialectic resolution-oriented reconstruction and analysis of the 1990-1991 Mintzberg-Ansoff debate on strategic management
Reliability for the technologies
Advanced reliability models and maintenance policies
Software reliability methods
Safety and reliability : technology theme : final report
Credibility of online comments in the HPV vaccination discussion in Finnish online forums
TPM Reloaded : total productive maintenance
Proficiency test SYKE 2/2013 : Chlorophyll a, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
Potential Issues of Skin Fairness Creams TV advertisements in Pakistan
The effect of international agreemants within the European Community and its member states - synergy of structural pronciples?
Object motion estimation using block matching with uncertainty analysis
How can I be trusted? : a virtue theory of trustworthiness
Standards in public life : first report of the Committee on Standards in Public Life. Volume 1, Report
Reliability verification, testing, and analysis in engineering design
The reliability of new product
Testimony on trial : Conrad, James, and the contest for modernism
Is that a fact? : frauds, quacks, and the real science of everyday life
Design for reliability - designing and prototyping reliability breakthrough
Reliability, maintenance and logistic support : a life cycle approach
Do You Trust Your Boss? – A Jungian Analysis of Leadership Reliability in CSR
Reliability engineering
The electronics handbook
Trust and credibility : a conceptual analysis with a special focus on Finnish business environment
Reliability engineering handbook
Maintenance for industrial systems
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Proficiency test SYKE 6/2013 : gross and net calorific fuels
"In this edition, Meyer's analysis of the correlation between newspaper quality and profitability is updated and applied to recent developments in the newspaper industry. Meyer argues that understanding the relationship between quality and profit is central to sustaining journalistic excellence and preserving journalism's unique social functions." -- Provided by the publisher.
DELIVERY RELIABILITY : A Study about Delivery Reliability in Large Machine or Structure Delivery Projects
Digital signal integrity : modeling and simulation with interconnects and packages
Failure prevention of plant and machinery
Statistical evaluation of measurement errors : design and analysis of reliability studies
Interlaboratory proficiency test NW 2/2014 : alkalinity, pH, nutrients and conductivity in natural waters
Reliability of mobile mass memories
Engineering maintainability : how to design for reliability and easy maintenance
Sensor performance and reliability
Report format and signing of documents
The cash flow statement under scrutiny : six problem areas that make it less useful than it could be
Wireless vital signs monitoring system for ubiquitous healthcare with practical tests and reliability analysis
Complete guide to preventive and predictive maintenance
Interlaboratory proficiency test 02/2015 : a-chlorophyll, colour, conductivity, nutrients, pH and turbidity in natural waters
(Dis)honesty in management : manifestations and consequences
PWB material comparison in board level reliability
Affordable reliability engineering : life-cycle cost analysis for sustainability and logistical support
Business students' perspective on financial fraud and auditor's responsibility
Statistics for engineering problem solving
Electromagnetic and thermal design of a multilevel converter with high power density and reliability
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
In Is that a fact? Dr. Joe Schwarcz helps you separate fact from fiction amid the storm of misinformation that today's media throws at us. Dr. Joe questions the reliability and the motives of "experts" in this engaging and critical look at what's fact and what's plain nonsense when it comes to deciding what to eat, what chemicals to avoid, and what's best for the environment.
Changing the message : a handbook for experiental prevention
Electronic failure analysis handbook : techniques and applications for electronic and electrical packages, components, and assemblies
Reliability improvement with design of experiments
A novel method for hazard rate estimates of the second level interconnections in infrastructure electronics
System signatures and their applications in engineering reliability
The vanishing newspaper : saving journalism in the information age
Dependability aspects in the development and provision of location-based services
This doctoral thesis presents a novel method for detecting and identifying radio channel disturbances. Wireless transmission in factory environments occasionally becomes degraded due to harsh radio signal propagation conditions. The most disruptive disturbances are caused by other wireless devices (co-channel and adjacent interference), environmental characteristics such as metal constructions and heavy equipment (signal fading), and electrical and mechanical equipment (noise). We have performed extensive measurements in different industrial environments to study the effects of different radio channel disturbances on signal propagation. The obtained measurement results led us to develop signal analysis methods and a disturbance detector based on a classifier. The classifier was tested in a real industrial environment; these tests showed an encouraging detection performance.Signal analysis is performed both in time and frequency domains. In the time domain, the probability density function (PDF) method is used. It is based on detecting the PDF shape variations calculated from the received signal and their correlation to the environmental changes in the radio channel. In the frequency domain, spectrogram analysis is performed. Here, we calculate the spectrogram of each received data packet, and by applying image analysis tools on the spectrograms, we obtain the required information on the received signal and on other radio transmissions which may have disturbed our radio signal transmission. The recognition and identification of the radio channel disturbances is based on the fusion of the signal magnitude analysis (PDF) and spectrogram analysis with a classifier.We also discuss the development process of a classifier-based tool towards an embedded solution. The classifier was developed and extensively tested using USPR N210, ETTUS SDR (Software Defined Radio). The classifier proved to be a feasible solution for detecting and identifying reliability flaws of wireless transmission in the industrial environment, and will be further developed into a portable, small-sized SDR-based tool.
Quality and reliability assessment of the mobile phone display
On reliability and performance analyses of IEC 61850 for digital SAS
Argues that failures in structural engineering are not necessarily due to the physical design of the structures, but instead a misunderstanding of how cultural and socioeconomic constraints would affect the structures.
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Sampling inspection and quality control
Dependable cognitive wireless networking:modelling and design
Physical function and biomechanics of gait in obese adults after weight loss
Introduction to reliability engineering
Students evaluating Internet sources – From versatile evaluators to uncritical readers
Training programs for maintenance organizations
Digital detectives : solving information dilemmas in an online world
Maintenance theory of reliability
Electronic packaging : materials and their properties
Human reliability, error, and human factors in engineering maintenance : with reference to aviation and power generation
Handbook of reliability, availability, maintainability and safety in engineering design
Dependability of critical computer systems : guidelines. 2
Probability, statistics, and reliability for engineers and scientists
Reliability studies on printed conductors on flexible substrates under cyclic bending
Separation process modelling : highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
Reliability testing and handling of semiconductor devices
Reliability test methods for LDMOS transistors
Valuation uncertainty : what is it ?
Delivery reliability : a study about delivery reliability in large machine or structure delivery projects
Pipeline risk management manual : ideas, techniques, and resources
Digital switching systems : system reliability and analysis
Communicating trustworthiness in online stores
Electronic packaging for high reliability : low cost electronics
Not "just friends" : rebuilding trust and recovering your sanity after infidelity
Statistical methods in reliability theory and practice
Trusted educational networks for the internationalization of open educational resources
Baltica VIII : life management and maintenance for power plants : Helsinki - Stockholm - Helsinki, 18-20 May, 2010. Vol. 1
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Engineering design reliability applications : for the aerospace, automotive, and ship industries
An introduction to predictive maintenance
The potentiality of Spanish Cultural Events in Finnish society : Case: Introducing Cultural Spanish Events in Vaasa
Reliability, Maintainability, and Supportability play a crucial role in achieving a competitive product. While manufacturing costs are important for the success of a product, they are not the sole domains in realizing its competitive edge. Improved manufacturing and operating quality and performance coupled with reduced acquisition cost and in-service cost of ownership are important in achieving business success. It is the early phase of design which offers the greatest opportunity to address these requirements, and thus create life cycle effectiveness. The main objective of Reliability, Maintenance and Logistic Support - A Life Cycle Approach is to provide an integrated approach to reliability, maintainability, maintenance and logistic support analysis. We not only look at the ways we can improve the design process to ensure the product offers value for money, but we also consider how the owners can get the most from these products once they have entered service.The approach provides a meaningful way of integrating reliability, maintenance and supportability to enhance the product performance and sales opportunities. Hence, the book covers the following objectives: (1) Introduce the concepts of reliability, maintainability and supportability and their role in the system life cycle and effectiveness. (2) Introduce the basic probability and statistical techniques that are essential for modelling reliability, maintainability and supportability problems. (3) Introduce reliability measures: how to predict them; how to determine from in-service real-world data; how to use them. (4) Analysis of advanced models in Reliability. (5) Discuss basic and advanced concepts in both maintainability and maintenance including preventive, corrective and condition based maintenance. (6) Discuss maintenance management and optimization concepts, such as reliability-centered maintenance and age-related maintenance.(7) Provide basic concepts in supportability and Integrated logistic support. (8) Discuss techniques for design for reliability, maintainability and supportability. (9) Analysis of simple and advanced models in spares forecasting and optimization. (10) Discuss data analysis, data management and data mining techniques.
The memory illusion : remembering, forgetting, and the science of false memory
Reliability and failure of electronic materials and devices
Estimation of some stochastic models used in reliability engineering
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
Dependability management = Gestion de la sûreté de fonctionnement. Part 3-1 = Partie 3-1, Application guide = Guide d'application : Analysis techniques for dependability = Techniques d'analyse de la sûreté de fonctionnement : Guide on methodology = Guide méthodologique
Photography and its violations
Possibilities for improving dependability of C4ISR systems based on Service Oriented Architecture
What every engineer should know about reliability and risk analysis
Reliability technology : principles and practice of failure prevention in electronic systems
Proficiency test SYKE 8/2013 : radon in ground water
Reliability of surface mounted components
Edward, the very useful engine
Computational intelligence in reliability engineering
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Engineering maintenance : a modern approach
On the reliability of economic models : essays in the philosophy of economics
Population census. Vol. 9B, Evaluation study of the 1990 census
Credibility : how leaders gain and lose it, why people demand it
Provningsjämförelse 02/2015 : a-klorofyll, färg, lednindgsförmåga, näringsmäne, pH and grumlighet från naturvatten.
Intercomparison test with cooperant laboratories in Kola area
Keeping customer promises builds credibility : ISO 9001 : 57 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
In order to develop sustainable business, the significance of quality management is constantly increasing. Highly saturated mobile phone industry companies need to understand the competitive factors related to product manufacturing. Quality is considered as competitive factor that has influence over several departments in company. The influence of quality is often economical but may also be brand related. Reliability is used as a tool for predicting the demanded quality of the product. The goal of this thesis is to examine the quality and reliability of mobile phone display from the desired failure mode point of view. Thesis is commissioned by a mobile phone company, and the quality and reliability tools and techniques are selected based on company`s recommendations. The data and tools for analyzing quality and reliability are from the company`s R&D department. For the selected failure mode, a comprehensive quality and reliability analysis is conducted that describes the design modifications and how modifications are affecting the reliability of the product. Theory section presents the importance of quality and reliability management, and also the theory of tools and techniques used for quality improvement. Case study presents the design enhancements of the product for improved reliability. To clarify the desired quality level, a user experience study is conducted. Based on design enhancements, user experience study and reliability estimations, a comprehensive understanding of the failure mode severity is introduced. Thesis work gives an estimation of the failure mode severity and a summary of the current failure mode state.
Distal chevron osteotomy for hallux valgus surgery:role of fixation and postoperative regimens in the long-term outcomes of distal chevron osteotomy – a randomised, controlled, two-by-two factorial trial of 100 patients
Strategy for wireless transmission disturbances detection and identification in industrial wireless sensor networks
Standards in public life : first report of the Committee on Standards in Public Life. Volume 2, Transcripts of oral evidence
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 08/2014 : metals and mercury in waters
Interlaboratory Proficiency Test 6/2014 : gross and net calorific values in fuels
Mechanized reasoning for dually-nondeterministic and probabilistic programs
Combined reliability test cycle for base station system
Scalable computing and communications : theory and practice
A Guide on How to Create a Credible Tourism Website
Failure rate modeling for reliability and risk
Reliability-based design
Guaranteed error bounds for a class of Picard-Lindelöf iteration methods
Statistical significance : rationale, validity and utility
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
Reliability and safety of processes and manufacturing systems : [proceedings of the 12th Annual Symposium of the Society of Reliability Engineers, Scandinavian Chapter, held at Tampere, Finland, 1-3 October 1991]
Successful evolution of software systems
Safety and reliability in cooperating unmanned aerial systems
Trusted controlled routing for Internet
Digital woes : why we should not depend on software
