http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1621 outdoor rearing
outdoor rearing
Co-Creative Learning Processes (CCLP) : children as game world creators the outdoor playground contexts
Play today in the primary school playground : life, learning, and creativity
Report on the education of migrants' children in the European Union
Students abroad, strangers at home : education for a global society
Handbook of intercultural training
ECTS European Credit Transfer System. Course catalogue. Faculty of Education
Maintaining children's Finnish language skills in an English language setting : a study of Scottish-Finnish families living in Scotland
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish cattle farms
Government report to Parliament on the human rights policy of Finland 2009.
Designs for alienation : exploring diverse realities
Outdoor learning in the early years : management and innovation
Outdoor play : teaching strategies with young children
Let's go outside! : outdoor activities and projects to get you and your kids closer to nature
Education and immigration : settlement policies and current challenges
Workforce preparation in a global context
The years 1881-1894 in Russia--a memorandum found in the papers of N.Kh. Bunge : a translation and commentary
Cowstails and Cobras II : a guide to games, initiatives, ropes courses & adventure curriculum
Loose housing of horses in a cold climate : effects on behaviour, nutrition, growth and cold resistance
The great brain race : how global universities are reshaping the world
Animal performance and carcass characteristics of growing Hereford bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions in Northern Finland
Toward a tolerant Finland : campaign years in retrospect
Healthy, active and outside! : running an outdoor programme in the early years
ECTS information package
The international education of the development consultant
Playing outdoors : spaces and places, risk and challenge
Rockin' in Red Square : critical approaches to international education in the age of cyberculture
A-B-C - shaping alphabets with methods of outdoor and multisensory learning
Cross-cultural teaching and learning for home and international students : internationalisation, pedagogy and curriculum in higher education
Playing outdoors in the early years
Cross-cultural perspectives on educational research
Play and learning in the early years : from research to practice
Outdoor provision in the early years
Risk and adventure in early years outdoor play : learning from forest schools
Let your kids go wild outside : creative ways to help children discover nature and enjoy the great outdoors
Internationalizing higher education in Korea : challenges and opportunities in comparative perspective
Branding yourself : how to look, sound and behave your way to success
Genre in the classroom : multiple perspectives
Sharing nature with children II : a sequel to the classic parents' & teachers' nature awareness guidebook : formerly Sharing the joy of nature
Outdoor play in the early years : management and innovation
Vocational education and apprenticeships in Europe : challenges for practice and research
Effect of outdoor production, slurry management and buffer zones on phosphorus and nitrogen runoff losses from Finnish farms
Multicultural education : reflection on theory and practice
The world of learning
The problematics of well-being : experiences and expectations of migrants and New Finns in the Finnish welfare state
Beyond health literacy : youth cultures, prevention and policy
The psychology of culture shock
Outdoor play, every day : innovative play concepts for early childhood
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
International education : its history and promise for today
Energy intake and growth of weanling horses in a cold loose housing system
Childrens moral lives : an ethnographic and psychological approach
Breaktime and the school : understanding and changing playground behaviour
Finnish peace making
Creative outdoor work with young people
Playing for keeps : life and learning on a public school playground
Interdisciplinary teaching through outdoor education
Global perspectives and local challenges surrounding international student mobility
Outdoor education offers children special contexts for play and exploration, real experiences and contact with the natural world and the community. To help ensure young children thrive and develop in your care, this book provides essential information on how to make learning outdoors a rich and valuable part of their daily life. Written by a team of experts in the field, this book focuses on the core values of effective outdoor provision, and is packed with ideas to try out in practice. Topics covered include: the role of play in learning outdoors; meaningful experiences for children outdoors; the role of the adult outdoors; creating a dynamic and flexible outdoor environment; dealing with challenge, risk and safety; and, including every child in outdoor learning. There are case studies of successful strategies in action, covering the Birth to 5 age range. Outdoor provision needs to be thoughtfully planned, well organised and appropriately supported by adults, and this book will help practitioners and students to lead good practice with confidence, so that they respond to the needs and interests of young children.
Sharing nature with children : the classic parents' and teachers' nature awareness guidebook
Extended contact through peer modelling to promote tolerance in Finland
Internationalisation of higher education and global mobility
Working together in Europe - Teachers' experiences of Comenius projects within the European Union
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Fatty acids, tocopherols and lipid oxidation in pig muscle : effects of feed, sex and outdoor rearing
Education, disordered eating and obesity discourse : fat fabrications
As one of the fastest growing trends in higher education, study abroad programs are having a critical impact on the educational landscape. While international study programs generate more revenue and promote campus diversity, there are several challenges that must be considered when integrating non-native students into native universities. Global Perspectives and Local Challenges Surrounding International Student Mobility explores comparative research regarding the implementation of effective strategies needed when working with native and non-native individuals in educational settings. Offering perspectives from international student experiences, as well as views on current mobility trends, immigration policies, and challenges with cultural expectations, this publication will be a critical source for educators, policymakers, and university staff who interact with international students.
Educational exchange and global competence
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Playing and learning outdoors : making provision for high quality experiences in the outdoor environment
ECTS guide. Department of Physical Education
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
The bottomless bag again
