http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1628 service reliability
service reliability
2010 Electric Power Quality and Supply Reliability : June 16-18, 2010, Kuressaare, Estonia : conference proceedings : PQ2010 : 7th International Conference
Managing risk and reliability of process plants
Encyclopedia of statistics in quality and reliability. 3. M-Q
The resource handbook of electronics
Field failure data collection and analysis
In this work, Dhillo compiles information on designing modern engineering systems to reduce the time and expense required for maintenance, estimated by some to be typically over 60 per cent. He considers both traditional and innovative maintainability concepts and includes references.
Stepwise development of dependable systems
Software reliability methods
Electronic elections : the perils and promises of digital democracy
Encyclopedia of statistics in quality and reliability. 2. D-L
The field guide to human error investigations
The OEE primer : understanding overall equipment effectiveness, reliability, and maintainability
Trustworthy computing : analytical and quantitative engineering evaluation
Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Quality, Reliability, and Maintenance : QRM 2004 : held at St. Edmund Hall, University of Oxford, UK, 1st-2nd April 2004
A reliability analysis for the grinding process
Handbook of usability testing : how to plan, design, and conduct effective tests
Complete guide to preventive and predictive maintenance
Backing up Windows
Aircraft maintenance management
Engineering design, planning, and management
The winter test of John Deere tractors with final tier 4 technology = [John Deere traktorien talvitesti final tier 4 teknologialla]
Practical power systems protection
Automotive systems, sensors and signalling : selected papers from Autotech 95 7 - 9 Noverber 1995.
Electric power distribution reliability
Power quality
Legal questions and scientific answers : ontological differences and epistemic gaps in the assessment of causal relations
Quality, reliability and information technology : trends and future directions
Reliability of safety-critical systems : theory and applications
Product development and design for manufacturing
Software maintanance : concepts and practice
New security frontiers : critical energy and the resource challenge
Reliability-centered maintenance
Competitive reliability 1996-2000 : evaluation report
Maintenance theory of reliability
Improving delivery accuracy : case X
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
System reliability theory : models, statistical methods, and applications
How and why things happen : anatomy of IT service incidents
XIII European Annual Conference on Human Decision Making and Manual Control : June 13-14, Espoo, Finland
Trustworthy cloud computing
Shaft alignment handbook
Practical reliability engineering
Advanced reliability models and maintenance policies
Power system economics : : designing markets for electricity
Maintainability, maintenance, and reliability for engineers
Reliability in product design : specification of dependability requirements
Accelerated reliability and durability testing technology
Product reliability, maintainability, and supportability handbook
Encyclopedia of statistics in quality and reliability. 1. A-C
An introduction to predictive maintenance
Remote backups server system
Methods for analysing supply security of electricity distribution
Engineering maintainability : how to design for reliability and easy maintenance
Rules of thumb for maintenance and reliability engineers
Reliability, quality, and safety for engineers
Responsibility and dependable systems
Comparison of different reliability improving investment strategies of Finnish medium-voltage distribution systems
System safety concept for machinery systems
Software testing techniques : finding the defects that matter
Backup and recovery
User acceptance framework for ubiquitous computing
Reliability engineering : probabilistic  models and maintenance methods
Maintenance and reliability best practices
Affordable reliability engineering : life-cycle cost analysis for sustainability and logistical support
Renewable electricity and the grid : the challenge of variability
Perfect software : and other illusions about testing
RCM : gateway to world class maintenance
Reliability engineering
Using PSV for verifying safety in action systems. Mauno Rönkkö
Johtamishaasteena muutos : kirjasto akateemisessa yhteisössä = Change challenges leadership - library in the academic community
The purpose of this thesis was to monitor the winter test of John Deere tractors. The number of tractors in the test was three, two of which were operating at the same time. The purpose of the winter test was to monitor the operation of tractors in cold and snowy conditions, as well as tasks that can not be executed in Central Europe. The test examined the entire operation of the tractor, but the main focus was on the new engine technology. The goal was to conduct the test without great difficulties and produce as much feedback as possible, as well as suggestions for improvement to the factory. The idea was also to provide technical support to the customer or the service in order to keep the tractors at work for as many hours as possible. The test operators were guided to give as much feedback as possible such as improvement suggestions or defects in tractors. The theoretical part deals with the reduction of emissions in diesel engines. The thesis also presents a technology that was selected for the John Deere engines to meet the new emission standards. The test result was a variety of failures and problems, as well as reports and solutions. John Deere require typical engine load profiles in applications that can be executed in Finland, which for example due to the circumstances, cannot be executed in Central Europe. Applications were monitored for engine activity such as potential heating problems, passive regeneration efficiency and exhaust gas temperature management system. This study evaluated the risks which the tasks may cause to the machine. The most important point to monitor was the engine operation in cold starts. The load profiles and engine activity tracking was contucted by measuring the ECU values. The measurement was performed by a laptop, which was connected to the tractor bus. The computer had a program for measuring the ECU, called DevX.
Assessment of electricity distribution reliability : interruption statistics, reliability worth, and applications in network planning and distribution business regulation
Reliability of ACA joints with conformal coatings in harsh environments
Reliability, Maintainability, and Supportability play a crucial role in achieving a competitive product. While manufacturing costs are important for the success of a product, they are not the sole domains in realizing its competitive edge. Improved manufacturing and operating quality and performance coupled with reduced acquisition cost and in-service cost of ownership are important in achieving business success. It is the early phase of design which offers the greatest opportunity to address these requirements, and thus create life cycle effectiveness. The main objective of Reliability, Maintenance and Logistic Support - A Life Cycle Approach is to provide an integrated approach to reliability, maintainability, maintenance and logistic support analysis. We not only look at the ways we can improve the design process to ensure the product offers value for money, but we also consider how the owners can get the most from these products once they have entered service.The approach provides a meaningful way of integrating reliability, maintenance and supportability to enhance the product performance and sales opportunities. Hence, the book covers the following objectives: (1) Introduce the concepts of reliability, maintainability and supportability and their role in the system life cycle and effectiveness. (2) Introduce the basic probability and statistical techniques that are essential for modelling reliability, maintainability and supportability problems. (3) Introduce reliability measures: how to predict them; how to determine from in-service real-world data; how to use them. (4) Analysis of advanced models in Reliability. (5) Discuss basic and advanced concepts in both maintainability and maintenance including preventive, corrective and condition based maintenance. (6) Discuss maintenance management and optimization concepts, such as reliability-centered maintenance and age-related maintenance.(7) Provide basic concepts in supportability and Integrated logistic support. (8) Discuss techniques for design for reliability, maintainability and supportability. (9) Analysis of simple and advanced models in spares forecasting and optimization. (10) Discuss data analysis, data management and data mining techniques.
Promoting the availability of secure telecommunications networks
Optimal reliability modeling : principles and applications
Design for reliability
Safety of computer architectures
Electromagnetic and thermal design of a multilevel converter with high power density and reliability
Reliability, maintenance and logistic support : a life cycle approach
Renewable electricity and the grid : the callenge of variability / edited by Godfrey Boyle
Competitive reliability 1996 - 2000 : evaluation report
Reliability and failure of electronic materials and devices
Improving product reliability : strategies and implementation
Argues that failures in structural engineering are not necessarily due to the physical design of the structures, but instead a misunderstanding of how cultural and socioeconomic constraints would affect the structures.
Fault-tolerant parallel and distributed systems
Competitive reliability 1996-2000 : final report
The basics of reliability
Electric energy systems : analysis and operation
Improving reliability and quality for product success
Internet Quality in Southern Ghana for Businesses : Vendor: Viope Solutions Oy
Reliability, maintainability and risk : practical methods for engineers
Encyclopedia of statistics in quality and reliability. 4. R-Z
