http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1627 wind instruments
wind instruments
Brass for beginners : treble clef piston-valved brass instruments
Susato suite : six dances from "The danserye" : for brass ensemble
Circular breathing : for the wind performer
Solos for the trombone player /smith   +liite
CIRCULAR BREATHING
Blues Japanish
How to play the recorder : a step-by-step guide
The BbEbop book!
Trumpet basics
150 gems of Irish music for tin whistle
Psalm for brass quintet
Horns, strings and harmony
The travelling musician : op 398 : [brass quintet]
Music for wind quintet : Volume III : Harmony 3 and 4 ; performing edition by Richard McNicol
20th century wind music
Classics for two : playable by any two band instruments or mixed ensemble. E-flat alto/baritone saxophone
It's easy to improvise jazz & blues : a "how to do it" book : for Bb instruments
Toreador song : from Carmen
European and American Wind and percussion instruments : Catalogue of the Stearns Collection of Musica Instruments, University of Mochigan
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on trumpet ; french horn ; cornet ; flugel horn ; tenor horn ; euphonium
The buzzing book
Music for brass through time and space : from Prætorius to Lutoslawski, from the church to the dance hall
Flutes, whistles, and reeds
Breathing woodwinds : music therapy for asthma and COPD rehabilitation
Odes for St. Cecilia's day : music for Queen Mary
The art of playing the recorder
Stravinsky Conducts Stravinsky : The Original Jacket Collection
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Trombone, euphonium, bassoon
Celebrating the saxophone
A collection of 31 Jimmy Heath compositions
Pentomino : for string quintet
Left Hook, Right Cross
The complete recorder sonatas
Sinfonietta, op 1 for flute, oboe, clarinet, bassoon, trumpet, trombone, harp and percussion
Frère Jacques : for brass quintet
Petrushka ; Ragtime ; Octet for Wind ; Suite: The Soldier's tale
Dance without answer
The art of wind playing
East meets west : the Russian trumpet tradition from the time of Peter the Great to the October Revolution, with a lexicon of trumpeters active in Russia from the seventeenth to the twentieth
Chamber music
Solos for the horn palyer : with piano accompaniment
The seasons
Fingering Charts for Instrumentalists
Brass roots : a hundred years of brass bands and their music, 1836-1936
Verklärte Nacht and Pierrot Lunaire
Body mapping for flutists : what every flute teacher needs to know about the body
How to play the didjeridoo : a practical guide for everyone
A catalog of music for the cornett
Valved brass : the history of an invention
The embouchure
Team Brass : Brass band instruments
Optimal studies : for various ensembles : [op 399]
Developing expression in brass performance and teaching
New sounds for woodwind
The breathing gym : exercises to improve breath control and airflow : for band, chorus, and orchestral winds
Clarinet basics
Instrument repair for the music teacher
Champagne for gypsies
The musical instrument desk reference : a guide to how band and orchestral instruments work
The amateur wind instrument maker
Don Giovanni : for 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons & 2 horns. Volume 2
Sacrae symphoniae : sonata octavi toni : for twelve-part brass choir : score and parts
Playing on the changes : bass clef instruments
Prelude from Die Meistersinger : for four trumpets in C (piccolo) four horns, euphonium, three trombones, tuba, percussion
The essential tin whistle toolbox
Wind quintet no. 2 : for Flute, Oboe, Clarinet, Bassoon, Horn
Opus number zoo : children's play for wind quintet (1951 - rev. 1970)
Instruments of the orchestra : a complete introduction to the sounds and music of the symphony orchestra
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Flute, oboe
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Horn in F
Take Up The Clarinet. Book Two
Octandre : for flute, clarinet, oboe, bassoon, horn, trumpet, trombone and contra-bass
Improvisation 101 : major, minor and blues : a step-by-step approach to improvisation in jazz, rock and pop music : for Bb instruments
Ave Maria : for brass choir
A complete guide to brass instruments and pedagogy
Blosari : top quality wind music from Finland
Londonderry air : arranged for trombone and brass ensemble
Physiology of wind-instrument playing and the implications for pedagogy
The tuba source book
An observational analysis of wind instrument private lessons
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Alto saxophone, baritone saxophone in Eb
Classics for two : playable by any two band instruments or mixed ensemble. Flute
The flute
Concertos for flute & harp/bassoon/oboe
Playing on the changes : Eb instruments
Symphoniae sacrae : no. 7 : canzon primi toni à 10 : for 7 trumpets and 3 trombones (5 trumpets and 5 trombones)
Classics for two : playable by any two band instruments or mixed ensemble. Clarinet
Making the grade together : easy popular mixed duets for clarinet and alto saxophone
Learn as you play tuba
The wind ensemble catalog
In the spotlights
Wind quintet in A flat : op. 14, H.67
The french horn
Kyrie : brass for ten voices : 5 trps & 5 trbs : parts
Band rehearsal techniques : a handbook for new directors
Brass instruments : their history and development
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
Symphoniae Sacrae : no. 8 : canzon duo decimi toni à 10 (no. 1) : foe 6 trumpets and 4 trombones
20th century wind quintets = Bläserquintette des 20. Jahrhunderts
THE CRUMHORN AND OTHER RENAISSANCE WINDCAP..
Play showtime : hits from the greatest shows of all time. Book 1, Solos for Bb and Eb instruments : with piano accompaniment
Wind chamber music : for two to sixteen winds : an annotated guide
Woodwind instruments and their history
Saxophone & clarinet : an easy guide
Saxophone
And kangaroo played his didgeridoo
Brass bands of the world : militarism, colonial legacies, and local music making
The Woodshedding source book : The ultimate practice method for all Bb instruments
Oboe reed styles : theory and practice
The sax & brass book
The essential guide to Irish flute and tin whistle
The Brecker Bros. ... and all their jazz : [jazz transcriptions for trumpet, tenor sax and small ensemble]
The making of musical instruments
Musical wind instruments
A blow for me, a toot to you
Finnish Music Quarterly 2001:1 : Finnish Brass Shines On
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Tuba
Finnish works for wind band
The standards real book : a collection of some of the greatest songs of the 20th century created by musicians, for musicians : C-version
Satchmo! : a tribute to Louis Armstrong : a medley including: What a wonderful world, When the saints go marching in, St. Louis blues, Hello, Dolly!
Musical Calisthenics for brass
Sight-reading and technique : for students, teachers and performers on flute ; oboe ; saxophone
Musical instruments
Funeral March from Die Götterdämmerung : transcribed for ten-part Brass choir with percussion
The water music
Alto saxophone basics
All the carols you've ever wanted to play : Sixty christmas favourites for B flat instruments including clarinet, trumpet, cornet and tenor sax / selected and arranged by Colin Hand
Glee the music : School Band
Niederländische Doppelrohrblattinstrumente des 17. und 18. Jahrhunderts : Sammlung = Dutch double reed instruments of the 17th and 18th centuries : Collection Haags Gemeentemuseum
Compatible quartets for winds : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of wind instruments. Clarinet, trumpet, euphonium T.C., tenor saxophone in Bb
Suite for wind quintett
Divertimento F major for 2 Oboes, 2 Horns and 2 Bassoons K. 253
The woodwinds : perform, understand, teach
The Brecker Bros
Physiology of Wind-Instrument Playing and the Implications for Pedagogy
Finnish Junior all star big band
