http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16265 aversion
aversion disgust
Bad : infamy, darkness, evil, and slime on screen
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
Incest aversion : the evolutionary roots of individual regulation
A sight for sore eyes
Disgust originated to prevent humans from eating poisonous food, but this simple safety mechanism has since evolved into a uniquely human emotion that dictates how people treat others, shapes cultural norms, and even has implications for mental and physical health. This book illuminates the science behind disgust, tackling such colorful topics as cannibalism, humor, and pornography to address larger questions including why sources of disgust vary among people and societies and how disgust influences individual personalities, daily lives, and values. It turns out that disgust underlies more than we realize, from political ideologies to the lure of horror movies.
Kristeva is one of the leading voices in contemporary French criticism, on a par with such names as Genette, Foucault, Greimas and others. Powers of Horror is an excellent introduction to an aspect of contemporary French literature which has been allowed to become somewhat neglected in the current emphasis on para-philosophical modes of discourse. The sections on Céline, for example, are indispensable reading for those interested in this writer and place him within a context that is both illuminating and of general interest.
Disgust : the theory and history of a strong sensation
This title taps into the widespread interest in, and concern about, photographs of atrocity. The book contains a broad range of atrocity photographs from throughout history and around the world, as well as essays by well-known artists and photographers.
Summary
In the Cultural Politics of the Emotions, Sara Ahmed develops a new methodology for reading "the emotionality of texts." She offers analyses of the role of emotions in debates on international terrorism, asylum and migration, and reconciliation and reparation, and reflects on the role of emotions in feminist and queer politics. Of interest to readers in gender studies and cultural studies, the psychology and sociology of emotions, and phenomenology and psychoanalysis,The Cultural Politics of the Emotions offers new ways of thinking about our inner and our outer lives.
Yuck! : the nature and moral significance of disgust
Shock tactics and extreme strategies : affectivity and transgression in late twentieth-century extreme fiction
Disgust is a strong aversion, yet paradoxically it can constitute an appreciative aesthetic response to works of art. Artistic disgust can be funny, profound, sorrowful, or gross. This book examines numerous examples of disgust as it is aroused by art and offers a set of explanations for its aesthetic appeal.
Study of the translation of slang words in Hunter S. Thompson's Fear and loathing in Las Vegas
The year of reading dangerously : how fifty great books (and two not-so-great ones) saved my life
The cultural politics of emotion
A young girl learns facts about snakes, including their behavior, physical characteristics, and eating habits, to overcome her trepidation.
The horror of incest : effects of respondent's gender, co-residence with opposite-sex sibling and opposite-sex child on incest aversion
The damned highway : fear and loathing in Arkham : a savage journey into the heart of the American nightmare, and back again
Stinking deed, deepest love : same-sex sexuality in later medieval English culture
That's disgusting : unraveling the mysteries of repulsion
Powers of horror : an essay on abjection
Savoring disgust : the foul and the fair in aesthetics
Picturing atrocity : photography in crisis
Disgust elicited by incest descriptions : the moderating role of relatedness, co-residence, type of sexual contact, and type of family relationships
Same-sex sexuality in later medieval english culture
