http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16294 chansons
chansons
14 kappaletta.
Jacques Brel is alive and well and living in Paris
Room with a view = Chambre avec vue
Édith Piaf : find me a new way to die : the untold story
MCA Music presents forty French hits of our times
Great French songs : la vie en rose and other hits
Schola cantorum. 10
The great songs of Aznavour
Formulaic diction and thematic composition in the Chanson de Roland
She : the best of Charles Aznavour
Schola cantorum. 9
Schola cantorum. 12.
Edith Piaf : Edith Piaf collection : kohtaa Pariisin "pikku varpunen"
Serge Gainsbourg : a view from the exterior
Chanson & madrigal  1480-1530 : studies in comparison and contrast : a conference at Isham Memorial Library, september 13-14, 1961
Plaisir d'amour = Songs of love : French and English lyrics
Schola Cantorum. 1
Schola Cantorum. 3
Absinthe : the French album
The old fashioned way
Jacques Brel : the biography
Chansons of the 16th century for classical guitar : Franco-Flemish and Parisian chansons printed by Pierre Attaingnant
Complete sacred music, chansons
Absinthe
D part : special edition c Les Frogs
Scott Walker sings Jacques Brel
Best of Edith Piaf
Schola Cantorum. 5
The songs from old France : including chansons, noëls, brunettes, airs à boire et à danser, tambourins et rondeaux from the 14th through the 18th century and English translations and International Phonetic Alphabet transliterations of all the French song texts with commentaries by Wekerlin, Tiersot and Gartside
Literary technique in the Chanson de Roland
Schola cantorum. 10.
Louise : twenty-four hits 1921-1946
Maurice Chevalier : his life 1888-1972
Georges Brassens and Jacques Brel : personal and social narratives in post-war chanson
You and me
Burgundian court song in the time of Binchois : the anonymous chansons of El Escorial, MS V.III.24
Her greatest chansons : edition spéciale anniversaire = birthday edition
A tribute to Edith Piaf : live at Montreux 2004
Edith Piaf
Schola cantorum. 12
The chansons of Orlando di Lasso and their Protestant listeners : music, piety, and print in sixteenth-century France
Guillaume d'Orange : four twelfth-century epics
Legrand Nougaro
Schola Cantorum. 2
Best of 3 CD
A French affair : 43 classic French love songs
Schola cantorum. 13
Greatest golden hits : Original English language recordings
Legends of the 20th century : original recordings
Edition La Chanson Vol. IX
Schola Cantorum. 6
Le coffret = The essentials
Schola Cantorum. 4
Theatrical chansons of the fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries
Epic and the problem of the female protagonist : the case of Florence de Rome
Jacques Brel is alive and well and living in Paris : souvenir album
