http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16272 heat consumption
heat consumption
Thermal analysis of buildings : verification and further development of the TASE program
Creating an Environmental Comparison System for Sustainable Construction Materials :  A Case Study – Insulation
Energy efficiency in grain preservation
"Setting the standard for more than 30 years, Exercise Physiology has helped more than 350,000 students build a solid foundation in the scientific principles underlying modern exercise physiology. This Eighth Edition is updated with the latest research in the field to give you easy-to-understand, up-to-date coverage of how nutrition, energy transfer, and exercise training affect human performance. Get quick access to the resources available to help you master each section of the text with "Ancillaries at a Glance." Maximize your study time with the book's vibrant, "magazine style" design that makes the content more engaging and accessible and key information easier to find. Reinforce your understanding with Chapter Objectives, Integrative Questions that pose open-ended questions for reflection on complex concepts, and FYI sections that offer "good to know" information. Gain an understanding of how researchers contribute to our knowledge of exercise physiology through engaging section-opening interviews with key figures in the field. Learn how theoretical concepts relate to practical skills through "In a Practical Sense" features. Access the most relevant current information in the field through figures and tables that clarify important concepts and information. Gain an understanding of the past, present, and future of the profession through coverage of important milestones and future directions in the field. Visit the free companion website for anywhere, anytime access to over 30 animations of key exercise physiology concepts, the book's complete list of references, and more"--Provided by publisher.
A human thermal model for improved thermal comfort
Energy : management, supply and conservation
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy, and human performance
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 1
Energy consumption of test buildings
Exercise physiology : nutrition, energy and human performance
Sustainable home refurbishment : the Earthscan guide to retrofitting homes for efficiency
Proceedings of the 9th Nordic Symposium on Building Physics : NSB 2011, Tampere, 29 May - 2 June 2011. Volume 3
Town planning and operating costs of residential areas (ASTA II)
Heat Utilization and Consumption in Research Laboratory Building
Heating Systems in Finland and China
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Transparent thermal insulations (TIM) : performance properties
Improving the thermal insulation of windows
Environmental science in building
The significance of thermal bridges for heat loss from buildings
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : interim report 1988-1990
Numerical simulation of structures with transparent thermal insulations and phase change materials
Forecasting energy demand and CO[sub 2]-emissions from energy production in the forest industry
Environmental Science in Building covers the science, technology and services that relate to the comfort of humans and the environmental performance of buildings. This popular text is designed to be useful, at all levels, to students and practitioners of architecture, construction studies, building services, surveying, and environmental science. This edition has been thoroughly updated and the contents reorganised to ensure optimum presentation and understanding of topics. The contents include: climate and the built, environment, human environmental comfort, insulation and energy use in buildings, air control in buildings, artificial and natural lighting, noise control and sound insulation, electricity generation and supply, water supplies and waste water treatment, carbon and energy management in construction, resource conservation and sustainability in construction, sick buildings and green buildings. Key features are: Clear and accessible text layout for ease of use, Clear explanations of principles and technologies, Up-to-date practice and world-wide trends incorporated, Minimum prior knowledge of science and mathematics assumed, Worked examples displayed and explained step-by-step, Large resource sections of supporting information and references.
Feasibility study on renewable energy systems and selected insulation applications : smart solutions for energy saving
Audit procedure for solid-fuel-fired heating plants
Future buildings innovative low-energy concepts, Espoo, Finland, 1-3 September, 1992
