http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16268 PHP
PHP
Comprehensive PHP pear::DB
Abstract.
Adopting web framework in Web-application development
Developing an online book shop application
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
Veterinary work management application - MatVet
Secure PHP development: building 50 practical applications
The objective of this thesis was to design and develop an interactive web application for TeliaSonera. The application was meant to become easy and simple to use. The application is a staff directory and it is based on a tool that was previously developed for TeliaSonera. The target group for this application are the employees of TeliaSonera but especially the newcomers. This application is used to search contacts, who you can ask for help and advice with solving any problem related with TeliaSonera.Tags are used to find the contacts. The application was made interactive by programming it with JavaScript and jQuery which is a JavaScript Library. PHP was used to make web application dynamic. PostgreSQL object-relational database management system was used as a database server.
Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat
A database-driven web site for contact mangement
Contact Finder Web Application
Creating questionnaires in the Internet
This thesis is done for Oulu University of Applied Sciences (OUAS) School of Business and Information Management. The main objective of the thesis is to implement a software installation system for OpixManager that supports local and remote server installation. At moment new users may need to do the manual installation before execution. Database creation and configuration have to be done by hand based on the tutorial that is available on OpixProject website. However, the manual installation process is not convenient for end users. Therefore, an automatic system is to be developed to enable simple and quick installation for users. In addition, the personal goal of this thesis is to learn how to implement the installation system for open-source software and new web development technologies. This research covers the knowledge base and development of installation system for Opix-Manager. Primarily, concepts of web application installation procedures and usability are studied before the implementation. Installation process and technology behind the OpixManager needs to be revised in order to develop an installation system. In addition, other installation systems like Wordpress will be studied to get ideas for implementation. The practical part will focus on implementing a tool for OpixManager to perform the installation process with simple and friendly web-based user interface, which can fulfill requirements of the commissioner.
Macromedia Dreamweaver MX 2004 : unleashed
Access from a mobile station to a database using GPRS technology and WAP servers
Abstract: Universal multimedia framework for online videoconferencing : Radical Chat.
Foundation PHP 5 for Flash
Web-based handling of the market guideline document
Professional PHP design patterns
Development of diacnostics tools for the intellicent car = Älyauton vikadiaknostiikan työkalujen kehittäminen
PHP : fast & easy web development
Beginning PHP and PostgreSQL 8 : from novice to professional
PHP solutions : dynamic web design made easy
Study Time - An Android Based Mobile Learning Application
Essential PHP fast : building dynamic web sites with MySQL
MODx web development : build dynamix websites with MODx PHP application framework and CSM
PHP developer's cookbook
Development of a customer retention feature for FitnessBooker
PHP web services
Along with the development of smartphones and tablets the usage of mobile internet has also raised tremendously in most of the countries. More users are going mobile not just only in PC browsing. So, designing for mobile has become a requirement for every company and business. As a result, responsive web design has gained much popularity which provides optimal user experiences with different screen sizes. This thesis mainly focuses on designing a responsive site where first a dynamic travel site was created and later made it responsive. Different breakpoints were used to create different layouts for the site so that they can adapt in different viewport. Moreover, the goal of this thesis was also to develop skill in web development. As a result of this project, a design has been created which can be viewed in different screen resolutions. The project was done in local server so, the tests were carried out in screen emulator. PHP as a main language was used to create a dynamic page and media queries to make it responsive. However, the project has been completed but number of features has to be added to make it more interactive and to meet the excellent user experience.
Mobile Application for Online Contact Synchronization : Phone Contact Back Up Application
Head first PHP & MySQL
Design and implementation of food management system on Android platform with QR code support
Extending and embedding PHP
Utility of a Web Site
PHP : the good parts
Essential PHP for Web professional
Regular expressions cookbook
Learning Facebook application development : a step-by-step tutorial for creating custom Facebook applications using the Facebook platform and PHP
Building the WAMP Platform
Applied jQuery : develop and design
Development of a blog system using CodeIgniter framework
Flash content management
Sams teach yourself PHP4 in 24 hours
Teach yourself PHP in 10 minutes
WordPress theme design : a complete guide to creating professional WordPress themes
Beginning PHP and MySQL e-commerce : from novice to professional
Development and analysis usability video tool by Prails web Framework
PHP 5 for dummies
PHP and MySQL: 24-Hour Trainer
Expert PHP 5 tools : proven enterprise development tools and best practices for designing, coding, testing, and deploying PHP applications
Web forum with PHP and MySQL
It is important for a company, whose income is based on the number of the active customers to have a way to track how well they can keep their customers and to know what their customers think about their services. The aim of this Bachelor’s thesis was to develop a new feature that allows the manager of a company to track the rate in which company loses active customers and a way that allows managers to create surveys or ask questions that can help them to improve their services, this information can then help them reduce the rate in which they lose customers. The feature was developed using PHP, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, CSS and MySQL. PHPUnit testing framework was utilized for testing backend PHP code and Twig template engine was utilized for frontend PHP. As a result of this thesis, a new feature was implemented into an existing system. This feature has 2 views. The first one allows the manager of a company to view the customer attrition rate displayed as a line chart or in a table. Another one allows the manager to create questions for the customers and the created questions will then be displayed to customers when they log into the service. In future the feature can be expanded to track the rate of how long customers stay active after joining or adding new types of tracked customers by age, family relations or group exercise.
Session control using PHP and MySQL
PHP 5 advanced
Organization management in Drupal
Sams teach yourself PHP in 24 hours
Development of web based recruiting system for Sesca Technologies Oy
PHP5 and MySQL bible
Beginning PHP 5 and MySQL E-Commerce: From Novice to professional
Security concept design in an enterprise portal
PHP : for the world wide web
Professional Web APIs with PHP : eBay, Google, PayPal, Amazon, FedEx plus Web feeds
A mass email sending system for Mainostoimisto Faarao Oy
Learning PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and CSS
Essential PHP tools : modules, extensions, and accelerators
Agile web application development with Yii1.1 and PHP5 : fast-track your web application development by harnessing the power of the Yii PHP framework
Sams teach yourself PHP, MYSQL and Apache : all in one
Professional search engine optimization with PHP : a developer's guide to SEO
Zend Framework. [2] : the official programmer's reference guide
Userlutions GmbH is a young innovative company which specializes in testing and optimization of website and promotional product. Working as an ambition agency, combining a scientific and pragmatic approach, Userlutions GmbH starts with providing a great consulting and testing service at the good price to assist customer obtaining a maximum benefit. The most well-known product is the online usability test at web address: RapidUsertests.com which is one of the market leader usability testing tool, was published in 2010. In the autumn of 2013, Userlutions GmbH renovated and present various modules to response the demand of market. One of them is an analysis usability video tool that is used as the object of this thesis. It is commissioned to Userlutions GmbH, based in Berlin, Germany. The main purpose of the thesis is illustrating the developing process in order to meet the predefined requirements from Userlutions for its analysis usability video tool. The software development lifecycle, tools also have been explained to provide a clearly view of inside developing process from design to deployment. The major development tools are Prails web framework, various jQuery library and MySQL database. The theoretical part discusses about user-centered design which was has been applied in design analysis video tool. In addition, qualitative is the major research method included interview with client and market research. Books, digital articles, documentation on internet and advices of colleges and supervisor are used as the main resource of this paper. As the main results, the analysis usability video tool has been completed on time with the good feedback from client. Although there are some changes which have been made during project due to optimization reason, the final product responded all pre-defined requirements.
Dynamic website implementing PHP and MySQL
In charge of a website? Here's what you need to know about key web technologies! Learn how the four essential web technologies work together to create web services, validate web forms, and set up a members-only site! /
Developing web blog system for developer`s Helsinki Oy
Beginning Drupal 8 teaches you how to build, maintain, and manage Drupal 8-based web sites. The book covers what Drupal is, using Drupal when building a new web site, installing and configuring Drupal, creating and managing content, managing users, adding functionality to your web site through Drupal modules, and advanced topics on using themes, panels, and views. The book also builds practical examples of common Drupal sites, such as a company website, a community website, and a commerce website, that you can take and expand on to create your own Drupal 8 sites. By reading this book, you will understand the power of the Drupal platform, and why you should be using Drupal if you're not already. Through following the samples in the book, you will quickly build your confidence and your ability to use Drupal. Beginning Drupal 8 gives you the knowledge necessary to build, deploy, and manage web sites on Drupal 8.
Ruby on rails for PHP and Java developers : with 202 figures and 32 tables
Wicked cool PHP : real-world scripts that solve difficult problems
A chatroom application development using PHP and MySQL
Designing a responsive website with media queries
Developing an online web auction room
Windmill monitoring using PHP
Beginning CakePHP : from novice to professional
File transferring and manipulation system: dynamic files portability
Whether you're sharing data between two internal systems or building an API so that users can access their data, this practical guide has everything you need to build APIs with PHP. Author Lorna Jane Mitchell provides lots of hands-on code samples, real-world examples, and advice based on her extensive experience to guide you through the process--from the underlying theory to methods for making your service robust / Amazon.com.
PHP, MySQL, JavaScript & HTML5 all-in-one for dummies
PHP Web 2.0 Mashup Projects : create practical mashups in PHP, grabbing and mixing data from Google Maps, Flickr, Amazon, YouTube, MSN Search, Yahoo!, Last.fm, and 411Sync.com
Oracle database for a phrase vocabulary application
PHP 5 unleashed
Professional PHP6
Small business web sites made easy
Software installation system for OpixManager
Building web application : case Abetec
Web publishing with PHP and FileMaker 9
Extending the Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure : Research on HTML5 usage, server monitoring tool, support for multidimensional datasets
Node.js for PHP developers
PHP black book
PHP & MySQL in easy steps
Sams teach yourself MySQL in 21 days
Pro PHP and jQuery
Interactive questionnaire based on PHP and MySQL
Integrating and Transferring Legacy code to .NET / MONO Environment on Multiple Platforms.
WordPress plugin development : beginner's guide : build powerful, interactive plugins for your blog and to share online
PHP & MySQL for dummies
Web publishing using PHP and MySQL
PHP for absolute beginners
PHP objects, patterns, and practice
Building PHP applications with Symfony, CakePHP and Zend framework
Programming World Wide Web
PHP 6/Mysql programming for the absolute beginner
Internet & world wide web : how to program
Developing a knowledge management solution
Object-oriented programming with PHP 5 : learn to leverage PHP5's OOP features to write manageable applications with ease
Macromedia Dreamweaver 8 with ASP, Coldfusion and PHP : training from the source
E-commerce application (Online shopping mall)
Advanced Data Extraction Infrastructure for mobile devices : Mobile user interface and gesture support
Web application development with PHP 4.0
Intranet customer relationship management solution
Flash and PHP bible
No nonsense XML web development with PHP
Online investment and loan application
Oracle database AJAX & PHP web application development
XML and PHP
PHP 5 : your visual blueprint for creating open source, server-side content
Sams teach yourself PHP, MySQL and Apache all in one
Physical failure analysis tasktool
The PHP anthology : 101 essential tips, tricks & hacks
Building websites all-in-one For dummies
PHP Web services
Information system for Metitur Oy
Implementing mobile messaging application with object-oriented PHP
Quality control for global environment management system at Helsinki-Vantaa airport
PHP in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Website Programming Based On J2EE
Core Web application development with PHP and MySQL
Webshop Optimization for Mobile Devices
PHP : pocket reference
Zend Framework : the official programmer's reference guide. Volume 2 of 2
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Just enough web programming with XHTML, PHP and MySQL
Towards developing WSN embedded monitoring server
PHP : a beginner's guide
Spring into PHP 5
Modern PHP : new features and good practices
Integrating and transferring legacy code to .NET / MONO environment on multiple platforms
Developing web applications
Organization Management in Drupal
Learning PHP and MySQL
Core PHP programming : using PHP to build dynamic Web sites
Developing a messaging system for e-commerce
Data management in the TOTEM project
Windmill Monitoring Using PHP
Beginning PHPand MYSQL : from novice to professional
