http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16246 bog formation
bog formation paludification
Contrasting effects of season and method of harvest on soil properties and the growth of black spruce regeneration in the boreal forested peatlands of eastern Canada
Present peat bogs in southeastern Canada
Mire induction, ecosystem dynamics and lateral extension on raised bogs in the southern coastal area of Finland
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Geology and palaeoecology of the Kalodiki peatland, Western Greece
Summary: On the vegetation, morphology and natural history of the large mire complexes in Pyhtää, southeastern Finland.
Summary: The dynamics of mire formation in relation to carbon accumulation and climate change.
Winter carbon losses from a boreal mire succession sequence follow summertime patterns in carbon dynamics
Peatlands and environmental change
Recent peat formation in northwestern Greece
Lake terrestrialization as a mode of mire formation - a regional review
Some main trends in the development of Estonian mires
Although carbon (C) gas exchange during the summer largely determines the annual C balance of mires, the wintertime fluxes cannot be ignored. Decomposition continues as long as the soil is not frozen and a proportion of the gases produced during summer are also released during winter. We measured carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) fluxes along a successional mire sequence during two winters following growing seasons with divergent weather conditions. We studied the successional trends in wintertime C release in boreal mires, and quantified the contribution of wintertime C fluxes to annual fluxes. Wintertime CO2 and CH4 fluxes from the successional mire sequence were related to the flux rates during the previous summer. Average winter CO2 release along the successional sequence varied between 19.5 and 44.9 g CO2-C m-2 winter-1(6-months), and accounted for 8-14% of the annual CO2 release. There was no clear successional trend in CO2 fluxes. Average winter CH4 release along the successional sequence varied between 0.20 and 7.29 CH4-C g m-2 winter-1 (6-months).The winter CH4 fluxes accounted for up to 38% of the annual CH4 emissions. Occasional CH4 uptake was detected at the younger successional stages during winter following the dry summer, while after the wet summer all sites emitted CH4. In general, most of the winter C losses were composed of CO2..
Differences in carbon accumulation of two cut-over peatlands in Finland
Suopohjasta uutta voimaa = The after-use alternatives of postharvesting peat production sites
Peat stratigraphy and climatic change : a palaeoecological test of the theory of cyclic peat bog regeneration
Developmental features of lacustrine basins on the uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay
Peat growth and garbon accumulation rates during the holocene in boreal mires
The study focused on geological and ecological development of ten lacustrine basins in the Hailuoto – Oulunsalo – Lumijoki siltstone and claystone area of Muhos, and two lacustrine basins in the Kuivaniemi – Simo area of Svecokarelian schists and gneisses. The study on water quality, soil and sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages of natural lacustrine basins, provide background values, which can be used in assessing the state of the water body in environmental studies.Water quality of the ten water bodies was monitored for 14 years. Water samples were studied for 28 different parameters. Soil and sediment geochemistry was studied on seven lacustrine basins by three different extraction methods. Extracts were analysed for ten parameters. The sediment diatom species were examined from five water bodies in accuracy of 1 cm thick layers.In the study area new water bodies are forming mainly in two different ways: isolation of marine bights and damming of dune ponds. The water bodies could be classified into five different groups based on water quality, sediment geochemistry, and sediment diatom assemblages. These also represent the different developmental stages of the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast. Parameters of the water quality data could be divided into two main groups: electrolyte group and nutrient group. The water bodies studied segregated into two main categories: coastal and inland water bodies. The concentrations of electrolytes and nutrients were characteristically higher in the coastal water bodies compared to the inland water bodies. During the monitoring period eutrophication of the water bodies and significant seasonal variations of water quality were observed. According to the water quality data and diatom indices the prevailing conditions in the coastal water bodies were eutrophic; and in the inland water bodies ranging from mesotrophic to oligotrophic. The lacustrine basins were grouped mainly in accordance with their geochemical provinces. The geochemical gradients of soil, water quality and sediment in the chronosequence of the catchments on Hailuoto Island showed that when marine influence decreased, the lacustrine basins of the land uplift coast were observed to be oligotrophying, acidifying, and terrestrializating naturally.
