http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16220 water distribution
water distribution
Water services management and governance : lessons for a sustainable future
Our good health : a history of Dublin's water and drainage
Water, peace, and war : confronting the global water crisis
Water for life : water management and environmental policy
Reflections on water : new approaches to transboundary conflicts and cooperation
VA-teknisk ordlista : Sv-E-F-D-Da-Fi = Glossary of water supply and sewerage : Sv-E-F-D-Da-Fi
A meticuously detailed investigation of Rome's practical solution to the problems of providing and distributing the city's water supply between the end of the Republic and Trajan's reign. Taylor's principal aims are to determine where aqueduct systems crossed the Tiber and to assess the function of the enigmatic Aqua Alsietia. An initial discussion of the technical and legal context for aqueduct planning is followed by a topographical inquiry into several specific aqueducts including the four earliest aqueduct river crossings: the Aqua Appia, Anio Velus, Aqua Marcia and the Aqua Virgo. Taylor also examines the expansion and organisation of water supply within the Transiberim, a heavily populated district of Rome to the west of the Tiber, and assesses its influence on Rome's wider urban policy.
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Water supply and pollution control
Comparative analysis of Finnish and Russian regulating documents on water supply and drainage of residential buildings
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
Aerobic wastewater treatment processes : history and development
Water is the resource that will determine the wealth, welfare, and stability of many countries in the twenty-first century. This book offers a new approach to managing water that will overcome the conflicts that emerge when the interactions among natural, societal, and political forces are overlooked. At the heart of these conflicts are complex water networks. In managing them, science alone is insufficient and so is policy-making that doesn't take science into account. Solutions will only emerge if a negotiated or diplomatic approach that blends science, policy, and politics is used to manage water networks. The authors show how open and constantly changing water networks can be managed successfully using collaborative adaptive techniques to build informed agreements among disciplinary experts, water users with conflicting interests, and governmental bodies with countervailing claims.
Sharing water : problems, conflicts and possible solutions. The Case of Kampala
Political economy and ecology of water control : dynamics of water policy reform and water justice in Taita Hills, South-Eastern Kenya
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Water-supply and public health engineering
Considerations in formulating the transfer of services in the water sector
HVAC planning of a townhouse : HVAC plans made abroad for another member of the family business
Environmental Sustainability of Water Supply Systems Implemented at RWSSP-WN
Water technology : an introduction for environmental scientists and engineers
Introduction to urban water distribution
Climate change adaptation in the water sector
The future of water in African cities : why waste water?
Water management in 2020 and beyond
Hot and cold water supply
Smart finance solutions : examples of innovative financial mechanisms for water and sanitation
The world's water 2006-2007 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
History of water supply and governance in Kenya (1895-2005) : lessons and futures
Public private partnerships in the water distribution sector : a case study in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Water trading and global water scarcity : international experiences
Environmental history of water : global views on community water supply and sanitation
Microbiology of drinking water production and distribution
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Computer applications in hydraulic engineering : connecting theory to practice
Finnish water services : experiences in global perspective
Microbial growth in drinking water supplies : problems, causes, control and research needs
International river basins and the use of water resources : a report to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Engineering and costs of dual water supply systems
Water and sanitation services : public policy and management
Paying for water in developing countries
Water technology : an introduction for scientists and engineers
Science for water services and related institutions
Rivers in the desert : William Mulholland and the inventing of Los Angeles
Integrated water resource management in Brazil
A political ecology of women, water and global environmental change
Water distribution modeling
Globalization of water : sharing the planet's freshwater resources
The atlas of water : mapping the world's most critical resource
Water supply system in Petrozavodsk and Oulu
Community-based water law and water resource management reform in developing countries
Water and wastewater engineering : design principles and practice
Advanced water supply and wastewater treatment : a road to safer society and environment
This thesis examines and presents planning of HVAC systems for a new townhouse. It  is a description of what I made and why I made it this way. First I planned a radon removal which is set mandatory by law in Finland. Then I planned sewer systems. As well as radon removal, some parts of sewer systems are under the ground so they needed to be planned first. The construction was already in the progress when I finished my last drawings.  After these I planned the ventilation, water supply and heating. My target was to make all systems reasonable in the price in relation to the use costs without forgetting the resale value. Other important factors when planning the systems were energy efficiency, user-friendly result and to reach the smartest way to build them.  The building is a town house. Two of its sides are connected to houses next to it.  However all the building services are unique. This has an effect on some things in the planning compared to a traditional family house. Townhouse is a new and uncommon way of building in Finland.  My brother is building the house of the project and my father has been an entrepreneur in the construction industry for more than 25 years. Before this project he has always ordered all the HVAC plans from an external author. My brother is a recently graduated carpenter. I'm doing the HVAC plans first time outside my summer job place or school.  This project is an interesting new formulation of our family company. This project is made abroad without visiting the construction side or meeting any stakeholders face to face. Key words: heating, ventilation, water supply, radon removal, sewer systems.
Finland's support to water supply and sanitation 1968-2000 : evaluation of sector performance
Water supply, sanitation and hygiene promotion in the rural areas of Ghana: a case study in Agona-Nkwanta and Dixcove communities
The city of steel, the age of silence : problems of water and inaction in communist Hungary 1945-1990
Development of municipal water services in Pryazhinsky District : Tacis CBC SPF/RK/0003/004
The governance of water and sanitation in Africa : achieving sustainable development through partnerships
Pump schedule optimisation techniques for water distribution systems
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Hydraulic power capacity of water supply systems
Social power and the urbanization of water : flows of power
Water safety planning for small community water supplies : step-by-step risk management guidance for drinking-water supplies in small communities
Integrated water resources management in practice : better water management for development
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Water and wastewater technology
Creating legal space for water user organizations : transparency, governance and the law
Running out of water : the looming crisis and solutions to conserve our most precious resource
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Water in a changing world
OBTAINING GOOD WATER  QUALITY WITHOUT USING BIG  TREATMENT PLANTS : Treatment installations in buildings
The Nile basin : national determinants of collective action
Managing water resources : methods and tools for a systems approach
World water vision : making water everybody's business
Fuel for growth : water and Arizona's urban environment
Economic innovations in public utility regulation
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
Water Recycling and Energy Management in Virolan Puutarha
International water security : domestic threats and opportunities
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Water supply network district metering : theory and case study
Water engineering : a practical treatise on the measurement, storage, conveyance, and utilisation of water for the supply of towns, for mill
Hard water : politics and water supply in Milwaukee, 1870-1995
Cost recovery and the crisis of service delivery in South Africa
Building services handbook
Nanotechnology applications for clean water
"In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery."
Water diplomacy : a negotiated approach to managing complex water networks
Maintaining the microbial quality in distribution systems and connected installations remains a challenge for the water supply companies all over the world, despite many years of research. This book identifies the main concerns and knowledge gaps related to regrowth and stimulate cooperation in future research. Microbial Growth in Drinking Water Supplies provides an overview of the regrowth issue in different countries and the water quality problems related to regrowth. The book assesses the causes of regrowth in drinking water and the prevention of regrowth by water treatment and distribution.
Environmental information in European transboundary water management
The world's water 2004-2005 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
Regulating water and sanitation for the poor : economic regulation for public and private partnerships
Public needs and private pleasures : water distribution, the Tiber River and the urban development of ancient Rome
Health aspects of plumbing
"While many believe that water is a renewable resource that will never go away, the truth is that the availability of this essential element is declining. Global warming creates moonscapes where there were once snow-packed mountains. Population growth has pushed demand, straining our current supply--almost ensuring that water will become as coveted as oil in the twenty-first century. As the water supply declines, there are critical questions to answer: Can we learn to conserve? Can we find ways to renew this resource? Do we have the political will to act wisely before it is too late? Peter Rogers and Susan Leal are experts with decades of experience dealing with the conservation and protection of water. Through the use of case studies, or "success stories," Rogers and Leal explain in accessible terms the scientific, economic, and political aspects of the issue. They offer a comprehensive look at the crisis--from the West Coast, where mighty rivers are being diverted for California's agriculture--to the Gulf Coast of Florida, where snowbird retreats are straining natural resources--to traditionally thirsty parts of the world, like southern India, where water is available but infrastructure to deliver it is limited or nonexistent. Focusing on solutions, Running Out of Water lays out the political leadership, policy action and technology tools required to sustain our water supplies"--
L'acqua nell'antico Egitto : vita, rigenerazione, incantesimo, medicamento : proceedings of the first International conference for young egyptologists : Italy, Chianciano Terme, October 15-18, 2003
The adaptive water resource management handbook
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Water under threat
Economics of water resources
Water distribution systems
Tracing and making the state : policy practices and domestic water supply in the Mekong Delta, Vietnam
