http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16205 Reformation period
Reformation period
Ethics and power in medieval English reformist writing
Politics and reformations : communities, polities, nations, and empires : essays in honor of Thomas A. Brady, Jr
Saint Thomas More
Finnish primary religious books from the sixteenth and the seventeenth centuries
Explores how medieval Christians were encouraged to rebuke the sins of others, especially clerical authorities.
A great deal of scholarship has too often juxtaposed scholasticism and piety, resulting in misunderstandings of the relationship between Protestant churches of the early modern era and the theology taught in their schools. But more recent scholarship, especially conducted by Richard A. Muller over the last number of decades, has remapped the lines of continuity and discontinuity in the relation of church and school. This research has produced a more methodologically nuanced and historically accurate representation of church and school in early modern Protestantism. Written by leading scholars of early modern Protestant theology and history and based on research using the most relevant original sources, this collection seeks to broaden our understanding of how and why clergy were educated to serve the church. Contributors include: Yuzo Adhinarta, Willem van Asselt, Irena Backus, Jordan J. Ballor, J. Mark Beach, Andreas Beck, Joel R. Beeke, Lyle D. Bierma, Raymond A. Blacketer, James E. Bradley, Dariusz M. Bryćko, Amy Nelson Burnett, Emidio Campi, Heber Carlos de Campos Jr, Kiven Choy, R. Scott Clark, Paul Fields, John V. Fesko, Paul Fields, W. Robert Godfrey, Alan Gomes, Albert Gootjes, Chad Gunnoe, Aza Goudriaan, Fred P. Hall, Byung-Soo (Paul) Han, Nathan A. Jacobs, Frank A. James III, Martin Klauber, Henry Knapp, Robert Kolb, Mark J. Larson, Brian J. Lee, Karin Maag, Benjamin T.G. Mayes, Andrew M. McGinnis, Paul Mpindi, Adriaan C. Neele, Godfried Quaedtvlieg, Sebastian Rehnman, Todd Rester, Gregory D. Schuringa, Herman Selderhuis, Donald Sinnema, Keith Stanglin, David Steinmetz, David Sytsma, Yudha Thianto, John L. Thompson, Carl Trueman, Theodore G. Van Raalte, Cornelis Venema, Timothy Wengert, Reita Yazawa, Jeongmo Yoo, and Jason Zuidema.
The church and Mary
The age of the reformation
Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : in two volumes
Weakness of will in Renaissance and Reformation thought
The stripping of altars on the fringes of Europe : the 17th century relocation and rearticulation of Finnish medieval high altars after the reformation
Lutheran churches in early modern Europe
The impact of the European Reformation : princes, clergy, and people
The crusades : a history
The school of heretics : academic condemnation at the University of Oxford, 1277-1409
The faith of William Shakespeare
The reformation of faith in the context of late medieval theology and piety : essays by Berndt Hamm
Religion and culture in early modern Europe, 1500-1800
History's locomotives : revolutions and the making of the modern world
A history of the Finnish church
The struggle to understand Isaiah as Christian scripture
Church and school in early modern Protestantism : studies in honor of Richard A. Muller on the maturation of a theological tradition
The Eucharist in the West : history and theology
Religious life and English culture in the Reformation
"The present study seeks to probe the formative impact of exile on changing Catholic identities, both in the northern and in the southern Netherlands. More specifically, it will argue that many displaced Catholics became receptive to militant strands of Catholicism during their years in foreign safe havens. Local media, clerical leadership and forms of sociability facilitated and shaped this process of religious radicalisation among Catholic expatriates. When the changing course of the war allowed the exiles to return home, these spiritually reborn men and women promulgated their radical beliefs in areas recovered by the Habsburg monarchy"--
Luther and Calvin on Paul's epistle to Galatians : an analysis and comparison of substantial concepts in Luther's 1531/35 and Calvin's 1546/48 commentaries on Galatians
The king within : reformations of power in William Shakespeare and Pedro Calderón de la Barca
Beyond charity : Reformation initiatives for the poor
Reformation and society in sixteenth-century Europe
The Dutch Revolt and Catholic exile in Reformation Europe
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 2, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : Book V
Trent and all that : renaming Catholicism in the early modern era
The Latin works and the correspondence of Huldreich Zwingli : together with selections from his German works
In your light we see the light : Martin Luther's understanding of faith and reality between 1513 and 1521
Reformation : the dangerous birth of the modern world
Radikalität und Dissent in 16. Jahrhundert = Radicalism and dissent in the sixteenth century
The early Latin poetry of Sylvester Johannis Phrygius
Piety and family in early modern Europe : essays in honour of Steven Ozment
Lived religion and the long Reformation in Northern Europe c. 1300-1700
The Northern Crusades
The Swedish kingdom and Europe's Age of Reform
English Wyclif tracts 4-6
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 1, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : Preface. Books I to IV
Illustrations in Finnish Reformation-era literature
Historical foundations of education : bridges from the ancient world to the present
Encyclopedia of the Renaissance and the Reformation
Reading Augustine in the Reformation : the flexibility of intellectual authority in Europe, 1500-1620
Lollardy and orthodox religion in pre-Reformation England : reconstructing piety
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
The Reformation in Finland
Angels in the early modern world
Introduction
Usury, interest and the Reformation
The New Cambridge modern history. 3, The Counter-reformation and price revolution, 1559-1610
The aim of the dissertation is to investigate and clarify Martin Luther's understanding of faith and of reality in his biblical lectures between the years 1513 and 1521. The method of the study is systematic analysis. With regard to its content the work can be seen as an investigation of the history of ideas or dogma. The general context of the study is the examination of the cognition of God in terms of knowledge of acquaintance, as in the tradition of divine illumination. The specific background is the understanding of faith as union with Christ in the Finnish School of Luther research. The study first examines Luther's understanding of reality and then Luther's understanding of faith, as the two are connected. With regard to Luther's understanding of reality, the nature of God, the universe and the human being are examined. Central to the understanding of God is the eternal birth of Christ seen through the concept of the highest good, the idea of God as light, and the divine as uniting contraries. With regard to the universe, the creation as a sign of God, the distinction between the visible and the invisible world, and their coming together in Christ and the Church are examined. With regard to the human being, the distinction between the tripartite and the bipartite anthropologies is analyzed. In them the spirit is the highest part of the human being, capable of grasping God. In the carnal person the spirit is dead and empty. It is made alive by faith. However, the natural capacities cannot grasp the content of faith. Therefore, there is a cognitive and affectual conflict between the flesh and the spirit in the Christian person. With regard to the understanding of faith, Luther's relation to divine illumination is examined. Luther's reading of Ps. 4:7 represents a realist, Augustinian view of illumination. For Luther, the divine light by which the soul knows the true good is precisely the light of faith. Luther defines faith as actual and immediate cognition of God. In relation to God, with regard to the intellect, it is an incomprehensible, captivating light. With regard to the affect, it is a light which grasps God as the highest good, creating joy and delight. In relation to the universe, faith is a light of understanding (intellect) in which all things are seen as related to God. It is also a light for the affect that directs through tribulations, towards good thoughts and actions. Faith is distinct from the heavenly vision because it is only partial possession, it is commixed with the human nature of Christ, and it is made enigmatic by sin. Luther understands the cognition of God through the concept of infused faith. Acquired faith (dogmas or trust) is secondary, but plays a role in tribulations, in which God is not yet perceived as the immediate content of faith. Luther's understanding of faith thus follows in its general form the theory of divine illumination. Luther attributes this illumination to the light of faith, which becomes the true theological intellect. Luther's early theology as a whole can be seen as a continuation of the theology of the medieval Augustinian School. The centrality of faith, seen in interpretation of the divine light precisely as faith, guards the sola gratia principle fundamental to Luther.
Between betrothal and bedding : marriage formation in Sweden 1200-1600
Teresa of Avila and the politics of sanctity
The arrival of the Reformation was the decisive impetus for literary development in Finland. The principle of Lutheranism was that the people had to get to hear and read the word of God in their own mother tongue. If there previously was no literary language, it had to be created. The first Finnish books were produced by Mikael Agricola. He was born an ordinary son of a farmer, but his dedication to his studies opened up the road to leading roles in the Finnish Church. He was able to bring a total of nine works in Finnish to print, which became the foundation of literary Finnish. This book describes the historical background of Mikael Agricola, his life, his personal networks, the Finnish works published by Agricola, research on Agricola and Agricolas role in contemporary Finnish culture. The most extensive chapter is a depiction of Agricolas Finnish. The book was written with a broad audience in mind, as a work of non-fiction for anyone interested in these subjects.
Moral philosophy on the threshold of modernity
Using ""lived religion"" as its conceptual tool, this book explores how the Reformation showed itself in and was influenced by lay people's everyday lives. It reinvestigates the character of the Reformation in what later became the heartlands of Lutheranism.
Battling demons : witchcraft, heresy, and reform in the late Middle Ages
Reforming the church before modernity : patterns, problems, and approaches
Spreading the written word : Mikael Agricola and the birth of literary Finnish
Reformation : Europe's house divided 1490-1700
Women and the Counter-Reformation in early modern Münster
Hermannus Samsonius to Axel Oxenstierna : Latin correspondence from 1621 to 1630 with linguistic and historical commentaries
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 3, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : Books 6, 7, 8
Heresy, magic, and witchcraft in early modern Europe
Peasants, warriors and wives : popular imagery in the reformation
The age of reform 1250-1550 : an intellectual and religious history of late medieval and reformation Europe
Sexuality, law and legal practice and the reformation in Norway
King's sister - queen of dissent : Marguerite of Navarre (1492-1549) and her evangelical network
Handbook of European history 1400-1600 : late Middle Ages, Renaissance and Reformation. Vol. 2, Visions, programs and outcomes
From Bonaventure to the reformers
Humanists and reformers : a history of the Renaissance and Reformation
Reform of the church : crisis and criticism in historical perspective
The intellectual origins of the European Reformation
Abstract.
Game of queens : the women who made sixteenth-century Europe
Changes in the poetics of song during the Finnish Reformation
English Wyclif tracts 1-3
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 6, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : introductions, commentary, preface, and books I-VIII
From the communal reformation to the revolution of the common man
The devil and demonism in early modern England
The Christian tradition : a history of the development of doctrine. 4, Reformation of Church and dogma (1300-1700)
Chronological surveys of national musical cultures (in Italy, France, the Netherlands, Germany, England, and Spain), genre studies (Mass, motet, madrigal, chanson, instrumental music, opera), as well as essays on intellectual and cultural developments and concepts relevant to music (music theory, printing, the Protestant Reformation and the correspondong Catholic movement, humanism, the concepts of "Renaissance" and "Baroque").
Did mandatory literacy distort Lutheranism? : the church, literacy, and social control in Finland from the Reformation era to the age of Lutheran orthodoxy
Early Lutheran networks and changes in the furnishings of the Finnish Lutheran parish church
Weakness of will in renaissance and reformation thought
A companion to Paul in the Reformation
Heinrich Bullinger : life - thought - influence : Zurich, Aug. 25 - 29, 2004 : International Congress Heinrich Bullinger (1504 - 1575)
Monks, miracles and magic : reformation reperesentations of the medieval church
Vernacular Gregorian chant and Lutheran hymn-singing in Reformation-era Finland
The intellectual origins of the European reformation
Between betrothal and bedding : the making of marriage in Sweden, ca. 1200-1610
Religion and superstition in Reformation Europe
The foundations of modern political thought. Vol. 2, The age of Reformation
The Folger Library edition of the works of Richard Hooker. Vol. 4, Of the laws of ecclesiastical polity : Attack and reponse
Pater Bernhardus : Martin Luther and Bernard of Clairvaux
Reformation Europe
A people's history of modern Europe
Worship in medieval and early modern Europe : change and continuity in religious practice
Re-forming texts, music, and church art in the early modern north
