http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16269 appropriations
appropriations
Assessment of the additional appropriation for research
Evaluating music policy : applying ethnomusical frame of reference to the study of a "political system directing the production of music"
Superpowers in economic decline : U.S. strategy for the transcentury era
Special event production : the process
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour
The cost of cuts : studies on cutbacks in soscial security and their effects in the Finland of the 1990s
English summary.
General budget of the European Union for the financial year 1997 : the figures
General budget of the European Union for the financial year 1999 : the figures
The budget of the European Union : how is your money spent?
The Russian economy in 2009 : steep decline despite crisis management
General budget of the European Union for financial year 1996 : the figures
Evaluation : local cooperation funds : role in institution building of civil society organizations
China was able to combine slow inflation with very rapid economic growth for more than a decade. Finally, in 2007 inflation started to accelerate and there are a number of factors that may increase the pressure on China's price level in the near future. Most importantly, money supply growth is expected to remain rapid due to the ballooning foreign currency inflows. In addition, according to some estimates, economic growth has accelereated above its long-term potential and also a number of structural factors are likely to push production costs up. Counterbalancing part of the rising costs, productivity growth has somewhat accelerated during recent years. With low cost levels and fastly growing exports, China is believed to have exported deflation into its trading partners in recent years. However, due to the fact that the direct impacts of globalisation on inflation in the advanced economies have been moderate, also the effect of a possible rise in China's cost leve!  l on inflation in eg euro area is expected to remain small. However, the indirect impacts on price dynamics are much more difficult to forecast.  Keywords: China, inflation, monetary policy .
General budget of the European Union for the financial year 1998 : the figures
China's inflationary pressures and their impact on inflation in euro area
Business subsidies and bureaucratic behaviour : a revised approach
The fiscal structure of the Russian Federation : financial flows between the center and the regions
Financial autonomy in higher education institutions : perspectives of senior management of Finnish AMK institutions
Renewed national defense planning and management : capability-based planning, programming, budgeting and execution system for small states
Preliminary draft general budget of the European Communities for the financial year 1996 : overview
Public financing of the arts and culture: statistics and reality in Finland : methodological issues and identification of the 1990s turning points that reshaped the conditions of cultural and art institutions
General budget of the European Communities for the financial year 1994 : the figures
European Union : public finance
Electronic publishing and libraries : planning for the impact and growth to 2003
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British politics
Abstract (s. 5-6). Summary (s. 15-18).
Voting rules and budget allocation in an enlarged EU
Voting rules and budget allocation in the enlarged EU
Preliminary draft general budget of the European Communities for the financial year 1995 : overview
Public capital expenditure in OECD countries : the causes and impact of the decline in public capital spending
European Union public finance : the characteristics, rules and operation of the European financial system
Crash course in collection development
The Community budget: the facts in figures : 1995 edition
Valtion tuki kulttuurille 2001 : opetusministeriön hallinnonalan määrärahat = State support for culture in 2001 : cultural appropriations provided by the Ministry of of Education
Military balance
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Partial unemployment insurance benefits and the transition rate to regular work
Wallace D. Wattles' the science of getting rich : a modern-day interpretation of a personal finance classic
The private government of public money : community and policy inside British policy
The military balance
Abstract (1 s.).
Making budgets work : the control and use of the budgetary control process
Does education matter? : spending preferences of Finnish university students on budgetary issues
