http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16295 smithies
smithies
Business plan 2012-2016 : case company: X Group
Coins and minting
Agricultural engineering in development : intermediate blacksmithing: a training manual
Ruukkien retki = Historic ironworks of Finland
Contemporary self-portraits. Children make their mark
Makerspaces in libraries
A comprehensive survey of fixture design
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-product production. The second part, Automated fixturing point planning
Metalworking science and engineering
Signs of identity signs of diversity
Fostering Learning and Leadership : Organizational Change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Machining and CNC technology
Humour is present in our everyday life, as well as in companies'  boardrooms, but it could be used more strategically in business innovation. Although there is an ample amount of research on humour in advertising, and there is increasing interest in emotions in business research, there is a gap in how to use humour in order to advance business innovation: creating new products and services. Service design thinking processes offer an opportunity to study humour in innovation workshops. The present paper discusses how humour could be studied in service design workshops of nine companies involved in a Tekes-funded humour-related research project in 2016. The purpose of the paper is to suggest a research framework in order to get more understanding of the role of humour in service design processes, particularly in workshops and their outcomes. The main research question is whether humour advances the process and the outcome of service design workshops and if yes, how. Humour and playfulness will be defined, and how to measure them discussed. The paper will accomplish the following: firstly, theoretical foundations are laid for humour, playfulness, humour in group work and humour in workshops'  outcomes. Secondly, we propose a research agenda for empirical studies. Expected results from the empirical studies will provide new insight into the importance of humour in service design workshop processes and outcomes. The contribution of the present paper will be twofold: theoretical – a research framework for analysing humour in service design processes (process and outcome) and managerial – how humour can be used to improve the service design workshops in companies, e.g. to improve the quality of the process, as well as the results. We are particularly interested in the possibility of integrating humour in business models and value propositions of companies and the present paper may contribute to this aim.
How to make injection molds
Finnish engineering industry companies and the European integration : the impact of the economic integration in Western Europe on the activities of Finnish engineering industry companies
Craftmaking designers: creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
The synthesis of [gamma]-based TiAl intermetallic compound by mechanical alloying, HIPing and plasma spraying
IMIAD 2011 : international workshop 30.08.2011 - 16.09.2011
IMIAD  : Istanbul 2007 : international workshop
Contemporary self-portraits
Maintenance engineering handbook
IMIAD Workshop, Lahti 2008
Ways of organizing workpiece and information flows in flexible manufacturing of rotational workpieces
Putkityöt konepajatuotteiden valmistuksessa = Pipeworking as a part of manufacturing work-shop products
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Advanced machining technology handbook
Open-space learning : a study in transdisciplinary pedagogy
Baltic Stone Symposium 2013
Manufacturing engineering handbook
Contemporary self-portraits. Féin-phortráidí conhaimiseartha
Farm workshop
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Decorative and sculptural ironwork : tools, techniques, inspiration
Tekniset toimitusmääräykset - työstökoneet = Technical conditions of delivery - machine tools
Contemporary self-portraits. Kaasaegne autoportree = Современый автопотрет = Contemporary self-portrait
Give Me a Re•s8n: Three Cycles of Dialogical Art-based Action Research to Support a Community of Volunteers Who Work With Migrants
Workshop report : indigenous ideas and foreign influences : interactions among oral and literary, Latin and vernacular cultures in medieval and early modern Northern Europe : 26th-27th September 2013, Helsinki
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-product production. The first part, Automatic fixture layout planning
An automated fixture design and formation system for small-batch or single-part production. The third subsystem, Automated fixture configuration design
The role of surface preparation on durability of adhesively bonded aluminium
Synopsis: The new edition of DeGarmo's Materials and Processes in Manufacturing focuses on updates and more coverage of non-metallic materials, sustainability, lean manufacturing, rapid prototyping and revised end of chapter and case study content. It emphasizes application and design, present mathematical models and analytic equations sparingly and uses case studies to highlight real world examples of manufacturing. Other revisions and updates include the addition of frontend Learning Objectives; elimination of weak problems and addition of new problems; more relevant and current case studies as well as additional new ones where appropriate; new chapter on Rapid Prototyping; expanded coverage of non-metallic materials such as composites, polymers, etc. ; a discussion about sustainability and green, and engineering and how it relates to manufacturing; coverage of lean manufacturing and production; and updated references and chapter summaries.
Metal forming handbook
Running a workshop : basic business for craftspeople
IMIAD  international workshop 05. - 18.9.1010 : constructing atmosphere
Fabrication of niobium silicide Nb[sub 5]Si[sub 3] by mechanical alloying and reactive thermal spraying
Prints from European workshops : the international exhibition of graphic art is collected by Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau = Taidegrafiikkaa eurooppalaisista työpajoista : kansainvälisen originaaligrafiikan näyttelyn on koonnut Grafiikanpaja Himmelblau
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa. Forum Marinum vuosikirja 2012 = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo. Stiftelsen Forum Marinum, årsbok 2012 = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku. The Forum Marinum Foundation, Yearbook 2012
IMIAD 2009 : moments in the Cowgate
Paineilman käyttö konepajateollisuudessa = The use of compressed air in workshops
Practical guide to pressure vessel manufacturing
Humour Matters in Service Design Workshops
The new traditional woodworker : from tool set to skill set to mind set
Lex Kainuu : evaluating the results of the projects : Summary : The masters and apprentices project : The young seekers project
Design case for Valaisinpaja Oy
Forum Marinum vuosikirja. 2012, Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Creative teaching methods in education  : YKON ́s World Idea Game pilot-project for upper secondary schools
Development of NC-turret punch presses with process monitoring system based on sensor technology and machine vision for integration into FMSs
Creative steps : on the way to an idea : a model for the realisation of an international workshop
Dimensional ranges and rolling efficiency in a tandem cold rolling mill
"A miniature empire" : the copper works at Kåfjord and the community that grew up around it
Himmelblau : die Grafikwerkstatt aus Finnland = Taivaansini = Sky blue : a metal graphic workshop from Finland
Manufacturing technology. Vol. 2
Summary.
Creating shared understanding in product development teams : how to "build the beginning"
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : evaluation report
Language workshop - children "tasting" foreign languages before systematic language teaching in schools
The Art of Blacksmithing
Great workshops from Fine woodworking
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Juko 1949-1999 : maatalouskoneita 50 vuotta = fifty years of agricultural machinery
Contemporary self-portraits. Me as me
Konepajalla : turkulaisen laivamoottorivalmistuksen historiaa = På motorverkstaden : tillverkningen av fartygsmotorer i Åbo = At the engine factory : the history of ship engine manufacturing in Turku
Agricultural engineering in development : guidelines for establishment of village workshops
Architecture design and tourism : international workshop San Bernardino = Architettura design e turismo : workshop internazionale : IMIAD 2006
The primary purpose of this study is to examine, on the basis of the acquired material, the enhancement of the completion of training and education, and the development of working life-oriented education. The present master?s thesis discusses three research topics: first, the implementation of working life -orientation in the context of the Amiraalistonkatu project, secondly, the support measures for the completion of training the Finnish secondary vocational schools and, thirdly, business cooperation with Meyer Turku. The study is based on comprehensive data acquisition where the data are collected in natural authentic situations. The research development activity is approached from the perspectives of the process, the involvement of the actors and information production and, the target group was selected for this appropriately. The study favors methods in which the perspectives and ?voices? of the research subjects are heard. The research plan took shape as the study progressed in such a way that the research focuses on observations and discussions with the subjects. Forms were used as an aid in acquiring supplementary information. The research was conducted using qualitative methods. In the project, different learning environments and pedagogical models were used in the secondary vocational education more diversely than before. Thus students? different ways of learning could be taken into consideration more effectively than before. Among other things, the theory part of the study discusses the crisis between a young person?s identity and role confusion. A previous study shows that a successful identity crisis produces a self-concept that feels genuine and one?s own. A young person must solve a development task in order to proceed to the next level in his or her development. The Amiraalistonkatu project is a tool for helping young people in situations where they need support. This type of support is also offered by the Fendari workshop maintained by the Youth Services of the City of Turku, among others; this study describes its activity and collaboration with the Turku Vocational Institute. Interaction with companies is considered important not only at the Turku Vocational Institute but also in other secondary vocational schools in Finland. For their part, companies want to be involved in the development of metalwork training. This study demonstrates that it is important for different schools to focus on learning at work, which contributes to an increased motivation to study. The technology company featured in the study revealed its wish to develop working life-oriented training by boosting the collaboration of top local companies and their suppliers with vocational colleges in the development and implementation of the content of vocational education and training. Based on the interviews, the demand for labor in the shipbuilding industry in the Turku region will grow to a level that will require more capacity in education. One option in the Turku Vocational Institute would be to begin shipbuilding training and, where possible, simultaneously increase collaboration with the Meyer Turku Shipyard in training. One problem experienced by many schools is the reduced number of applicants in the machinery and metalworking industry. Perhaps the supply of training in the shipbuilding industry could also contribute to boosting the interest in studying machinery and metalworking in the Turku region.
Agricultural engineering in development : advanced blacksmithing: a training manual
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Breakfast on the grass : New Souvenir Design for Wilanow Castle
Forge work : a basic introduction of steel and heat treatment, tools and techniques and some selected ex[a]mples for items
Manufacturing processes for engineering materials
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Craftmaking designers : creativity and empowerment through craft workshops
An analysis of participants’ experiences of HELMO workshops
Empirical analyses of inventory intensity in the Finnish engineering industry
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
DeGarmo's materials and processes in manufacturing
Modern machine shop's guide to machining operations
Light Assembly Industry LASSI 1996-1999 : final report
Agricultural engineering in development : basic blacksmithing: a training manual
