http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16217 psychiatric nurses
psychiatric nurses
Communication skills for mental health nurses
Compassion fatigue : coping with secondary traumatic stress disorder in those who treat the traumatized
Contemporary psychiatric-mental health nursing
Counseling clients near the end of life : a practical guide for mental health professionals
Promoting child development and mental health in adult psychiatric care : a nurses' perspective
Psychology and sociology in nursing
Mental health policy in Britain
Cultural diversity in health and social care : some questions and answers for health care professionals
Nurses' Acceptance of an Internet-Based Support System in The Care of Adolescents with Depression
The ethics of supervision and consultation : practical guidance for mental health professionals
Emergencies in mental health nursing
Mental hygiene for nurses
Community health promotion : challenges for practice
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Mental health nursing
Mental health nursing skills
The mental health nurse : views of practice and education
Adoption of information technology based patient education in psychiatric nursing
Mental health care for nursing : applying mental health skills in the general hospital
A mind to murder
"An extremely informative and useable book covering many aspects of communication ...highly recommended for students and practitioners in the mental health field, whether nurses or not". ("Mental Health Practice"). "Learning to communicate effectively is vital for all nurses...This exciting new book, with an accessible and engaging style, provides nurses working in mental health, with a valuable and comprehensive introduction to successful communication". (Martina Mc Guinness, Nurse Practice Development Co-ordinator, HSE Dublin, Ireland). "The book is thought provoking and provides examples not only of what we should be doing but also examples of what we should not to be doing. It is a text that I would have loved to have had access to in my student days and early practice and would therefore strongly recommend this book to students and indeed beginner mental health practitioners of any discipline". (Sinead Frain, Clinical Nurse Specialist - Home Care Ballyfermot/Lucan Mental Health Service). "This accessible book takes you through the core communications skills required as a novice through to a more advanced level...The inclusion of clinical scenarios and practice exercises demonstrate clearly how to apply theoretical elements whilst working in a clinical situation. ..It is a very good read and a valuable tool for anyone stepping out into the world of mental health nursing!" (Antony Johnson, Mental Health Nursing Student, University of Salford, UK). "The combination of knowledgeable discussion and richly illustrated case examples makes this an innovative text and an essential resource for those who are challenged with delivering mental health care. A must read for all students". (Allison Tennant, Nurse Consultant and Psychotherapist, Rampton Hospital, UK). "This useful book focuses on the skills that are absolutely central and essential to all mental health nursing, from basic communication skills to specific interventions and approaches". (Dr Neil Brimblecombe, Director of Nursing/Chief Operating Officer, South Staffordshire & Shropshire Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust). "This is a fantastic book, absolutely packed with just about everything a mental health nurse needs to know about communication skills! The succinctly written chapters cover a wide range of key communications skills and each provides clear explanations, examples from 'everyday' life and clinical practice, with opportunities to reflect on your own experiences. Highly recommended". (Alan Simpson, Professor of Collaborative Mental Health Nursing, City University London, UK). This practical book provides a comprehensive guide to communication in mental health nursing, with an emphasis on demonstrating the use of different skills in various clinical settings. Written by experienced mental health professionals, the book is richly illustrated with a range of clinical case examples that will be recognisable to all nurses. Centred on the communication process as a whole, the topics are carefully presented through the use of patient-nurse dialogues and exchanges which bring the subject to life. This will help you to: develop essential communication skills; communicate confidently; use phatic communication effectively; use self-reflection in your practice; develop the ability to deal with conflict; develop empathic helping relationships; and, draw upon various therapeutic models of communication. "Communication Skills for Mental Health Nurses" is ideal for all nurses and healthcare professionals seeking to improve the skills required to communicate confidently and effectively with patients, their carers and other key people involved within the care environment.
Mental health practice : a guide to compassionate care
Improving quality of life of patients with schizophrenia in acute psychiatric wards
One flew over the cuckoo's nest
Abstract: Family at risk in the context of maternity and child welfare clinic : mental health promotion as a point of view.
National core curricula for health care education at lower level in Finland : translation of the main parts
Psychiatric and mental health essentials in primary care
Abstrackt: Concept of health experienced by nepalese nursing students.
The nurse's guide to teaching diabetes self-management
A mind to murder : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
