http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16218 brain drain
brain drain
Operation Paperclip : the secret intelligence program that brought Nazi scientists to America
Executive summary (s. 9-18).
Summary (s. 11-14).
International migration and knowledge
Confronting globalization : the quest for a social agenda : Geneva lectures
Workers without frontiers : the impact of globalization on international migration
Skill shortages in post apartheid South Africa
International mobility of the highly skilled
Moving people and knowledge : scientific mobility in an enlarging European Union
Barack Obama and African diasporas : dialogues and dissensions
Analysing the consequences of academic mobility and migration
Does finland suffer from brain drain?
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Key persons in cross-border acquisitions - How to identify, retain and commit them?
Migration between states and markets
The human face of global mobility : international highly skilled migration in Europe, North America and the Asia-Pacific
The new partnership for Africa development (NEPAD) and the challenges of Africa's health workforce migration
Exodus : immigration and multiculturalism in the 21st century
The welfare state in competition for global talent : from national protectionism to regional connectivity - the case of Finland
Migration-development nexus in the Malawian health sector : European Union blue card -circular migration for development?
Labor mobility and the world economy
Emigration, brain drain and development : the case of Sub-Saharan Africa
The new argonauts : regional advantage in a global economy
The international mobility of talent and its impact on global development
Self-selection and earnings of emigrants from a welfare state
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
The international mobility of talent : types, causes, and development impact
The migration of knowledge workers : second-generation effects of India's brain drain
Engineering is important to human, economic, social and cultural development and in addressing the UN Millennium Development Goals. Engineering tends to be viewed as a national issue, but engineering knowledge, companies, conferences and journals, all demonstrate that it is as international as science. The report reviews the role of engineering in development, and covers issues including poverty reduction, sustainable development, climate change mitigation and adaptation. It presents the various fields of engineering around the world. It also discusses engineering issues, applications and innovation, infrastructure, capacity building, engineering education. This report is a platform for the better understanding of engineering, and of the roles and responsibilities of engineers who may be responsible for the safety of thousands of people. The first international report on engineering from UNESCO is intended to identify issues and challenges facing engineering, promote better understanding of engineering and its role, and highlight ways of making engineering more attractive to young people, especially women.--Publisher's description.
Executive summary (s. 11-16).
International migration of health workers & its impact on the health of communities in the developing world
International labour migrants : unsung heroes of globalisation
Limitations to win-win-win in global labor migration : acute emigration, migrant return and money remittances in developing country development
Student flows and migration : an empirical analysis
Public education in a integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay
The flight of the creative class : the new global competition for talent
EU labour migration in troubled times : skills mismatch, return, and policy responses
Diaspora networks and the international migration of skills : how countries can draw on their talent abroad
Innovative people : mobility of skilled personnel in national innovation systems
Policy coherence for development 2007 : migration and developing countries
The effect of intra organizational mobility on employee satisfaction and behavior in Finnish knowledge-intensive firms
Global knowledge flows and economic development
The health workforce migration crisis in Africa : a review of underlying factors
Is inter-firm labor mobility a channel of knowledge spillovers? : evidence from a linked employer-employee panel
Exodus : how migration is changing our world
Dealing with female brain-drain in Rural Europe : results from the central Europe project women
Internationalisation and trade in higher education : opportunities and challenges
Engineering : issues, challenges and opportunities for development
Give us your best and brightest : the global hunt for talent and its impact on the developing world
Converting migration drains into gains : harnessing the resources of overseas professionals
Does Finland suffer from brain drain?
