http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16284 witnesses
witnesses
The inside job
A prisoner of birth
Child forensic psychology : victim and eyewitness memory
From where I stand
Healthcare professionals as witnesses to the court
Expert witnesses in child abuse cases : what can and should be said in court
Breakout : no prison can hold a father's fury
Apocalypse delayed : the story of Jehovah's Witnesses
Reform of eyewitness identification procedures
Interviewing child witnesses
"Celebrating the twentieth anniversary of the groundbreaking Testimony, this collection brings together the leading academics from a range of scholarly fields to explore the meaning, use, and value of testimony in law and politics, its relationship to other forms of writing like literature and poetry, and its place in society. It visits testimony in relation to a range of critical developments, including the rise of Truth Commissions and the explosion and radical extension of human rights discourse; renewed cultural interest in perpetrators of violence alongside the phenomenal commercial success of victim testimony (in the form of misery memoirs); and the emergence of disciplinary interest in genocide, terror, and other violent atrocities. These issues are necessarily inflected by the question of witnessing violence, pain, and suffering at both the local and global level, across cultures, and in postcolonial contexts. At the volume's core is an interdisciplinary concern over the current and future nature of witnessing as it plays out through a 'new' Europe, post-9/11 US, war-torn Africa, and in countless refugee and detention centers, and as it is worked out by lawyers, journalists, medics, and novelists. The collection draws together an international range of case-studies, including discussion of the former Yugoslavia, Gaza, and Rwanda, and encompasses a cross-disciplinary set of texts, novels, plays, testimonial writing, and hybrid testimonies. The volume situates itself at the cutting-edge of debate and as such brings together the leading thinkers in the field, requiring that each address the future, anticipating and setting the future terms of debate on the importance of testimony"--
Litigation and cooperation : supporting speakers in the courts of classical Athens
Hearsay and confrontation in criminal trials
New world translation of the Holy Scriptures : with references
Tell me what happened. : structured investigative interviews of child victims and witnesses
Attorneys' perceptions of lineup suggestiveness and fairness : the effects of biased lineup procedures and attitudes
"Psychologists now have a solid understanding of such issues as the effects of suggestive questioning on eyewitness reports, the suggestibility of children, methods of improving eyewitness interviews, the effects of crime factors on identification accuracy, the relation between confidence and identification accuracy, methods of improving identification accuracy, and the effectiveness of safeguards designed to protect defendants from wrongful conviction in eyewitness cases. In this volume, authors focus narrowly on methods of improving identification accuracy. Several factors point to the need for a thorough treatment on this topic."
Cultural expertise and litigation : patterns, conflicts, narratives
Textual analysis of a recovered memory trial assisted by computer search for keywords
A deadly Cambodian crime spree
Identifying the culprit : assessing eyewitness identification
Jehovah's Witnesses - organized to share the good news : our whole association of brothers = Jehovan todistajat - järjestetyt viemään hyvää uutista : koko veljesseuramme
The summer of dead toys
What did the child tell : the accuracy of parents' reports of a child's statements in a conversation
Having demonstrated that about a third of the speeches in our corpus of forensic oratory were written for delivery by synegoroi rather than main parties, the author investigates the way in which synegoroi and main parties divided the argumentation between them in individual cases. She shows that trials of major political importance were conducted by teams of pleaders, and she concludes that such legal actions are best understood as team-based contests rather than as rhetorical confrontations between individual members of the Athenian élite. The implications of this for our overall understanding of the Athenian democracy and the political part played by the courts are discussed, and it is suggested as a possibility that team-based public actions offered a wider scope for participation by ordinary citizens than is normally allowed by modern historians.
Counting on the details : inquiring into past events of cooperative interviewees
Watch Tower publications index of subjects discussed and scriptures explained 1930-1985
Evidence-based child forensic interviewing : the developmental narrative elaboration interview
Persecution and resistance of Jehovah's Witnesses during the Nazi regime 1933-1945
Between resistance and martyrdom : Jehovah's Witnesses in the Third Reich
Applying statistics in the courtroom : a new approach for attorneys and expert witnesses
Jehovah's Witnesses : a comprehensive and selectively annotated bibliography
Everything to lose
The Racketeer
When I was Joe
The adversarial process and the vulnerable witness
Fact investigation : from hypothesis to proof
Fear
"Things in which it is impossible for God to lie"
Black-eyed Susans : a novel of suspence
Whispers
Saving faith
The trumpet of prophecy : a sociological study of Jehovah's witnesses
Family care and medical management for Jehovah's witnesses
Witnesses, neighbors, and community in late medieval Marseille
The law of testimony in the Pentateuchal codes
Addresses the issues surrounding the legal role of social scientists that provide evidence in cases related to minority groups and migration. Considering South Asian migrants in Europe and in North America, this book focuses on how, in such cases, social scientific experts transform 'culture' into law.
Her every fear
The transformation of human rights fact-finding
Realism of confidence in witness identification of faces and voices
The four major cults : Christian Science, Jehovah's Witnesses, Mormonism, Seventh-day Adventism
Eyewitness identification : a system handbook
Act on the Obligation to Appear Before the Court of Another Nordic Country in Certain Cases
Comparative discussion of oral testimony
European right to confrontation in criminal proceedings : absent, anonymous and vulnerable witnesses
Swedish Summary.
Insight on the Scriptures. Vol. 1, Aaron - Jehoshua
Jehovah's Witnesses : proclaimers of God's Kingdom
What does God require of us?
The cultural experience : ethnography in complex society
Memory and testimony in the child witness
A tremor in the blood : uses and abuses of the lie detector
Cross-examination : science and techniques
Victims' status at international and hybrid criminal courts : victims' status as witnesses, victim participants/civil participants/civil parties and reparations claimants
World War Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Witness testimony : psychological, investigative and evidential perspectives
Mistaken identification : the eyewitness, psychology, and the law
Black-eyed Susans
Fire with fire
Honeymoon : a novel
A heart-stopping debut thriller about a woman named Freedom, who will stop at nothing to save the daughter she only knew for two minutes and seventeen seconds. Call me what you will: a murderer, a cop killer, a fugitive, a drunk. There's a lot people don't know about Freedom Oliver. They know she works at the local bar. They know she likes a drink or two. What they don't know is that Freedom is not her real name. That she has spent the last eighteen years living under Witness Protection, after being arrested for her husband's murder. They don't know that she put her two children up for adoption, a decision that haunts her every day. Then Freedom's daughter goes missing, and everything changes. Determined to find her, Freedom slips her handlers and heads to Kentucky where her kids were raised. No longer protected by the government, she is tracked by her husband's sadistic family, who are thirsty for revenge. But as she gets closer to the truth, Freedom faces an even more dangerous threat. She just doesn't know it yet.
Family care and medical management for Jehovah's Witnesses : Jehovan Todistajien uskonnollinen näkemys lääkärinhoidosta
Evaluating witness evidence : recent psychological research and new perspectives
The science of perception and memory : a pragmatic guide for the justice system
Counting the days to Armageddon : the Jehovah's Witnesses and the second presence of Christ
Guarding Hanna : a novel
The Jehovah's Witnesses and the Nazis : persecution, deportation, and murder, 1933-1945
Credibility assessment
Those who wish me dead
Kill me twice
A Prisoner of Birth
The ideal man
The simple truth
The witness
Eye contact : a  novel
The ice cream girls
Edge
Accidents : causes, investigation and prevention
The reversal
Forensic psychology for dummies
Eye contact : a novel
Explorations in the psychology of testimony
The night of the gun : a reporter investigates the darkest story of his life, his own
All ears : adults' and children's earwitness testimony
Saving Faith
Ambiguities of witnessing : law and literature in the time of a truth commission
The courts and the doctor
Victor didn't mean to get involved. He didn't want any trouble. But when Victor heads out with his new camera, before he knows it he is witness to a crime - with the photos to prove it! Now he is being chased by criminals and they won't stop until they get his photos. Can Victor escape their clutches?
Snapshot
A beautiful model's death uncovers an ugly conspiracy stretching all the way to Westminster in Rosie Gilmour's darkest case to date. When rags-to-riches Scots supermodel Bella Mason plunges to her death from the roof of a glitzy Madrid hotel, everyone assumes it was suicide. Except that one person saw exactly what happened to Bella that night, and she definitely didn't jump. But Millie Chambers has no one she can tell - alcoholic, depressed herself and now sectioned by her bullying politician husband, who would believe her? And that's not all Millie knows. Being close to the heart of Westminster power can lead to discovering some awful secrets... Back in Glasgow, Rosie's research into Bella's life leads to her brother, separated from her in care years before. Dan is now a homeless heroin addict and rent boy, but what he reveals about Bella's early life is electrifying: organised sexual abuse in care homes across Glasgow. Bella had tracked him down so that they could tell the world their story. And now she's dead. As Rosie's drive to expose the truth leads her closer to Millie and the shameful secrets she has kept for so many years, it becomes clear that what she's about to discover could prove fatal: a web of sexual abuse linking powerful figures across the nation, and the rot at the very heart of the British Establishment...
Crisis of conscience : the struggle between loyalty to God and loyalty to one's religion
On the witness stand : controversies in the courtroom
The psychologist as expert witness
World war Z : an oral history of the zombie war
Testimony : a philosophical study
Children's testimony : a handbook of psychological research and forensic practice
Rant : an oral biography of Buster Casey
Psychology of interrogations, confessions and testimony
Jehovah's witnesses defended : an answer to scholars and critics
Unbroken will : the extraordinary courage of an ordinary man : the story of Nazi concentration camp survivor Leopold Engleitner, born 1905
Survivor in death
The testimony of the hanged man
International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony : psychological research and law
Jehovah's Witnesses : portrait of a contemporary religious movement
Judging Jehovah's Witnesses : religious persecution and the dawn of the rights revolution
Reconstructing the past : the role of psychologists in criminal trials
Death of an expert witness
The Ice cream girls
Intimidation of witnesses and the rights of the defence : recommendation no. R(97) 13, adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 10 September 1997, and explanatory memorandum
The future of testimony : interdisciplinary perspectives on witnessing
The ethics of witnessing : the Holocaust in Polish writers' diaries from Warsaw, 1939-1945
In search of Christian freedom
"A robbery victim tries to remember how the crime unfolded and who was present at the scene. A medical patient recalls the doctor saying that the pain in her side wasn't worrisome, and now that the tumor is much larger, she's suing. An investigation of insider trading hinges on someone's memory of exactly what was said at a particular business meeting. In these and countless other examples, our ability to remember our experiences is crucial for the justice system. The problem, though, is that perception and memory are fallible. How often do our eyes or memories deceive us? Is there some way to avoid these errors, perhaps by gathering our memory-based evidence in just the right way? Can we specify the circumstances in which perceptual or memory errors are more or less likely to occur? Professor Daniel Reisberg tackles these questions, drawing on the available science and also his experience in training attorneys. He provides detailed pragmatic advice that will prove helpful to law enforcement, prosecutors, defenders, and anyone else who hopes to maximize the quality of the evidence available to the courts--whether the evidence is coming from witnesses, victims, or defendants. This book is carefully rooted in research but written in a way that will make it fully accessible to non-scientists working in the justice system. Early chapters provide an overview of the relevant science--including how the research proceeds--and a broad portrait of how perception and memory function. Later chapters offer practical solutions for navigating situations involving eyewitness identifications, remembered conversations, evidence obtained from interviews with children, confession evidence and, along with it, the risks of false confession"--
The witnesses : war crimes and the promise of justice in The Hague
You can be God's friend : American sign language edition
Freedom's child
As the Nazi killing machine engulfed Europe with terror, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses suffered brutal persecution. The reason: they stood firm in their beliefs and boldly spoke out against the cruelty of Nazism. For this, thousands of Jehovah's Witnesses were thrown into Nazi concentration camps. In this video, 10 European and American historians and more than 20 Witness survivors of the period, join in relating their story of courage and triumph against Hitler's religious onslaught /WordCat.
The last girl
The go-away bird
Murphy on evidence
A guide to interviewing children : essential skills for counsellors, police, lawyers and social workers
