http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16278 Frankfurt School
Frankfurt School
Ideology and art : theories of mass culture from Walter Benjamin to Umberto Eco
Negations : Essays in critical theory
The Hungarian social philosopher and literary critic Georg Lukács (1885-1971) is one of the seminal intellectual figures of the twentieth century. With the possible exception of Leon Trotsky, he is also widely recognized as the outstanding Marxist thinker aside from Marx himself. Yet, as Lewis Coser has observed, Lukács has remained the most enigmatic figure of the modern communist movement. Why were his theories so important to modern political and social thought? How did he come to have such influence on so many distinguished Western Intellectuals, and for such a long time? And why, despite this, did so many of his writings infuriate contemporary readers and critics? The centenary of Lukács birth was celebrated in 1985 with symposia in a number of countries on several continents. Hundreds of Lukács scholars and students attended, along with others who were interested in his time and his ideas, as well as the man and his work. In the process, new understanding of some of his most controversial concepts, ideas, and theses emerged. Newly discovered information and writings, as well as previously unknown preocupations in his seventy-year intellectual career were shared. This volume brings together some of the best and most original of the essays of participants in New York, Paris, Budapest, and Mexico City. Some of the contributions in this volume are sharply critical of Lukács; others are clearly admiring. A great many take an objective but severe look at diverse aspects of his work. Together they constitute a close examination of the life work of the man Thomas Mann once called "The most important literary critic of today," Jean-Paul Sartre hailed as a significant modern philosopher," and Irving Howe declared "a major force in European intellectual life." Collectively, this volume shows why Georg Lukács remains one of the remarkable intellectual figures of the twentieth century, whose work is of enduring significance for us today.
Reason, tradition, and the good : MacIntyre's tradition-constituted reason and Frankfurt School critical theory
The recent work of Jürgen Habermas : reason, justice and modernity
Adorno's Nietzschean narratives : critiques of ideology, readings of Wagner
"This book is the first comprehensive intellectual biography of Max Horkheimer during the early and middle phases of his life (1895-1941). Drawing on unexamined new sources, John Abromeit describes the critical details of Horkheimer's intellectual development. This study recovers and reconstructs the model of early Critical Theory that guided the work of the Institute for Social Research in the 1930s. Horkheimer is remembered primarily as the co-author of Dialectic of Enlightenment, which he wrote with Theodor W. Adorno in the early 1940s. But few people realize that Horkheimer and Adorno did not begin working together seriously until the late 1930s or that the model of Critical Theory developed by Horkheimer and Erich Fromm in the late 1920s and early 1930s differs in crucial ways from Dialectic of Enlightenment. Abromeit highlights the ways in which Horkheimer's early Critical Theory remains relevant to contemporary theoretical discussions in a wide variety of fields"--Provided by publisher.
Prophet of radicalism : Erich Fromm and the figurative constitution of the crisis of modernity
Introduction to critical theory : Horkheimer to Habermas
Theodor W. Adorno : an introduction
New philosophies of social science : realism, hermeneutics and critical theory
The politics of social theory : Habermas, Freud and the critique of positivism
"This book aims to recover the disruptive nature of the dialectical tradition by means of a severe critique of the dominance of an anthropology of the individual identity in contemporary theories of recognition. This critique implies a thorough rethinking of basic concepts such as desire, negativity, will and drive, with Hegel, Lacan and Adorno being our main guides."
Adorno : an introduction
Between the norm and the exception : the Frankfurt School and the rule of law
The Frankfurt School and its critics
This volume comprises one of the key lecture courses leading up to the publication in 1966 of Adorno's major work, "Negative Dialectics."
Critical Theory today : the Frankfurt School: how relevant is it today? = Die Frankfurter Schule: wie aktuellt ist die kritische Theorie?
Modern culture and critical theory : art, politics, and the legacy of the Frankfurt School
The working class in Weimar Germany : a psychological and sociological study
The Habermas reader
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 2, Critics and critical theory in Eastern Europe
Reification : a new look at an old idea
The jargon of authenticity / Theodor Adorno
"This book provides an intellectual biography of Max Horkheimer during the early and middle phases of his life and analyzes his model of early Critical Theory"--Provided by publisher.
The origin of negative dialectics : Theodor W. Adorno, Walter Benjamin, and the Frankfurt Institute
Unthinking modernity : Innis, McLuhan and the Frankfurt school
Revisiting the Frankfurt School : essays on culture, media and theory
The discourse of domination : from the Frankfurt School to postmodernism
The Frankfurt School on religion : key writings by the major thinkers
On Max Horkheimer : new perspectives
Critique of instrumental reason
The stars down to earth and other essays on the irrational in culture / Theodor W. Adorno ; edited and with an introduction by Stephen Crook
The Frankfurt School : the critical theories of Max Horkheimer and Theodor W. Adorno
Adorno : a critical introduction
The lives of Erich Fromm : love's prophet
Walter Benjamin : an introduction to his work and thought
Reason and utopia : reconsidering the concept of emancipation in critical theory
Minima Moralia : reflections from damaged life
The political philosophy of the Frankfurt school
The dialectical imagination : a history of the Frankfurt School and the Institute of Social Research, 1923-1950
Introduction to sociology
Critical theory of communication: new readings of Lukács, Adorno, Marcuse, Honneth and Habermas in the age of the internet
Rethinking the Frankfurt School : alternative legacies of cultural critique
Introduction to contemporary social theory
The method is the message : rethinking McLuhan through critical theory
The philosophy of praxis : Marx, Lukács, and the Frankfurt School
One of the central figures in modern thought, Max Horkheimer (1895-1973) was the director of the Institute of Social Research at the University of Frankfurt and guided the activities of the Frankfurt School from its origins in Germany through its exile in the United States during World War II. The Frankfurt School writers developed what came to be known as Critical Theory, and anyone familiar with poststructuralist theory in the humanities and social sciences will recognize its indebtedness to the Frankfurt School. These letters show how Horkheimer's thought was influenced by and engaged with the historical events of the twentieth century, particularly the Holocaust and the Vietnam War. The letters trace the trajectory of his thought from an early optimism about the possibility of revolutionary change to a critique of orthodox Marxism as his faith in revolution was replaced by a commitment to the transformative power of education. These letters also convey the contours of Horkheimer's personal relationships and illustrate the connection of Horkheimer and the Frankfurt School to the work and thought of some of the most important figures in the intellectual life of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, including Karl Marx, Thomas Mann, Sigmund Freud, Theodor Adorno, and Herbert Marcuse.
Habermas : a very short introduction
Beyond friend and foe : the politics of critical theory
Habermas and the foundations of critical theory
This book contributes to the foundations of a critical theory of communication as shaped by the forces of digital capitalism. One of the world's leading theorists of digital media Professor Christian Fuchs explores how the thought of some of the Frankfurt School's key thinkers can be deployed for critically understanding media in the age of the Internet. Five essays that form the heart of this book review aspects of the works of Georg LukAcs, Theodor W. Adorno, Herbert Marcuse, Axel Honneth and Ju rgen Habermas and apply them as elements of a critical theory of communication's foundations. The approach taken starts from Georg LukAcs Ontology of Social Being, draws on the work of the Frankfurt School thinkers, and sets them into dialogue with the Cultural Materialism of Raymond Williams.
The Frankfurt school revisited : and other essays on politics and society
Grand Hotel Abyss : desire, recognition and the restoration of the subject
"Just making pictures" : Hollywood writers, the Frankfurt School, and film theory
Critical social theory in public administration
Social theory : a reader
The critical theory of religion : the Frankfurt School : from universal pragmatic to political theology
Critical theory and philosophy
Lectures on negative dialectics : fragments of a lecture course 1965/1966
Prismatic thought : Theodor W. Adorno
Critical sociology
Five lectures ; Psychoanalysis, politics and utopia
Theodor W. Adorno : one last genius
Life-world, modernity and critique : paths between Heidegger and the Frankfurt School
Grand Hotel Abyss : the lives of the Frankfurt School
The Frankfurt school
Max Horkheimer and the foundations of the Frankfurt School
Late marxism : Adorno, or, the persistence of the dialectic
The jargon of authenticity
The idea of a critical theory : Habermas and the Frankfurt School
Pluralism and the pragmatic turn : the transformation of critical theory : essays in honor of Thomas McCarthy
Logics of disintegration : post-structuralist thought and the claims of critical theory
Re-imagining public space : the Frankfurt School in the 21st century
Georg Lukács : theory, culture, and politics
Adorno, Habermas, and the search for a rational society
Critical theory and society : a reader
Force fields : between intellectual history and cultural critique / Martin Jay
The early Frankfurt School and religion
Modernism and the Frankfurt School
Critical theory : selected essays
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 1, Critical theory and the science of management
Between philosophy and social science : selected early writings
Handbook of critical theory
A life in letters : selected correspondence
Introduction to sociological theory : theorists, concepts, and their applicability to the twenty-first century
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 3, Wirkungen kritische Theorie und Kritisches Denken
Negative dialectics
The dialectical imagination : a history of the Frankfurst School and the Institute of Social Research 1923-1950
Habermas and contemporary society
Spectacular place : public space, storytelling and critical design
Frankfurt school perspectives on globalization, democracy, and the law
The critical theory of Axel Honneth
The culture industry : selected essays on mass culture / Theodor Adorno ; edited and with an introduction by J. M. Bernstein
"From 1927 to 1933, Walter Benjamin wrote and presented more than eighty broadcasts over the new medium of radio. Radio Benjamin gathers, for the first time in English, the surviving transcripts. This eclectic collection shows the range of Benjamin's thinking and includes stories for young and old, plays, readings, book reviews, a novella, and discussions of topics ranging from finding a job to the architecture of Berlin to an account of the railway disaster at the Firth of Tay"--Provided by publisher.
The Frankfurt School : its history, theories and political significance
Secret reports on Nazi Germany : the Frankfurt School contribution to the war effort
Negations : essays in critical theory
Theory and practice
Critical theory, politics and society : an introduction
