http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16235 aerobiology
aerobiology
Journal of allergy and clinical immunology
Phytopathology
The microbiology of the atmosphere
Atlas of airborne fungal spores in Europe
Topics in ecological and environmental microbiology / edited by Thomas Mitchell Schmidt and Moselio Schaechter
In sport disciplines such as running, ice skating, bicycling and cross-country skiing the aerodynamic drag force constitutes the major obstacle to overcome. Furthermore, in ski jumping and in various activities involving a ball the aerodynamic lift force comes in addition into action. This book describes the various sport disciplines on the basis of aerodynamic analysis and also covers the biomechanics part by illustrative performance examples. Such treatment of the underlying physical phenomena of sport activities gives a valuable supplement to existing literature on sport. The reader will also be guided to references which exist for the various topics discussed, so she or he can go into a deeper study of the particular sport activity at wish.
Something in the air? : Finnish aerobiology : 1973-1994
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
The Finnish pollen bulletin
Sport aerodynamics
This book is a comprehensive source for technical information regarding ultraviolet germicidal irradiation (UVGI) and its application to air and surface disinfection for the control of pathogens and allergens. The primary focus is on airborne microbes and surface contamination applications for hospitals, commercial facilities, and residential homes. All aspects of UVGI systems, including design methods, sizing methods, modeling, safety, installation, testing, guidelines, and disinfection theory are addressed in detail. An extensive database of over six hundred UV rate constant studies is included as well as tabular performance data for UV lamps and products. Providing this information in one single source simplifies the design and installation of UVGI systems, helps guarantee effective performance of new systems, and facilitates their use on a wide scale for the purpose of improving human health. This book is organized to provide systematic coverage of all related issues and will serve equally well as both a textbook and a handbook for general reference.
International aerobiology newsletter
4th ESA 2008 abstracts : the 4th European Symposium on Aerobiology, 12-16 August 2008, University of Turku, Finland
The presence and persistence of birch and grass pollen antigenic activity in settled dust
Scandinavian aerobiology
Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation handbook : UVGI for air and surface disinfection
Aerobiology in Finland : information service, methodology, and allergological applications
Plant disease
The air spora : a manual for catching and identifying airborne biological particles
