http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16391 human rights violations
human rights violations
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisonment in Iran
Torture : when the unthinkable is morally permissible
Human Rights Watch world report. 2012 : events of 2011
Hearings before the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Ninety-fifth Congress, first session, on implementation of the Helsinki accords, volume IV : Soviet Helsinki watch, reports on repression, June 3, 1977 : U.S. policy and the Belgrade conference, June 6, 1977.
Human rights and their limits
Estonia 1940-1945 : reports of the Estonian International Commission for the Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity
Michael's eyes : the war against the Ugandan child
State immunity and the violation of human rights
Past injustice in world politics : prospects of Truth-comission-like global institutions
Law and the politics of memory : confronting the past
The phenomenon of torture : readings and commentary
1988-2008 Sakharov prize for freedom of thought
Amnesty International report. 2004.
The sorrows of Mexico
Letters to my torturer : love, revolution, and imprisoment in Iran
"Law and the Politics of Memory: Confronting the Past examines law's role as a tool of memory politics in the efforts of contemporary societies to work through the traumas of their past. The book examines how and why law has become so central in processes in which the past is constituted as a series of injustices that need to be rectified and can allegedly be repaired. Using the examples of French colonialism and Vichy, as well as addressing the politics of memory surrounding the Holocaust, communism and colonialism, this book provides a critical exploration of law's role in 'belated' transitional justice contexts. As such, it explores different legal modalities in processes of working through the past; addressing the implications of regulating history and memory through legal categories and legislative acts, whilst exploring how trials, restitution cases, and memory laws manage to fulfil such varied expectations as clarifying truth, rendering homage to memory and reconciling societies.Legal scholars, historians and political scientists, especially those working with transitional justice, history and memory politics in particular, will find this book a stimulating exploration of the specificity of law as an instrument and forum of the politics of memory".
The violence of the image : photography and international conflict
The translator : a tribesman's memoir of Darfur
Our harsh logic : Israeli soldiers' testimonies from the occupied territories, 2000-2010
When governments break the law : the rule of law and the prosecution of the Bush administration
Vulnerability and human rights
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010 : events of 2009
"China's human rights lawyers are important: as legal advocates for victims of injustice ; as proponents of legal and political change in China ; as part of the global and international struggle for human rights ; and as persecuted individuals. Based on years of fieldwork research and hundreds of anonymised conversations with several dozen human rights or, for short, 'rights lawyers' (weiquan lüshi), this book provides a portrait of this extraordinary group of people. This book offers a unique and invaluable insight into contemporary Chinese law and politics, reflecting on the significance of the idea of rights in Chinese society and understanding how and why rights lawyers play the role they do. It answers questions such as: how do rights lawyers operate? What, if any, is rights lawyers' impact on legal practice? How do they interact with their bureaucratic, professional, and social environments? How and why do they resist repression? What is their significance for political developments in China in the longer term? Its chapters discuss how some Chinese lawyers become 'rights lawyers', and examines how bureaucratic systems of control operate to subdue and marginalise human rights lawyers as well as how such lawyers challenge the system. The lawyers' experiences of repression at the hands of the police and state security apparatus are analysed in detail along with the intellectual, political and moral resources they draw on. The book thus sets out what human rights lawyers in China are and what they stand for ; an account that captures their experience at the hands of the legal-political system and by doing so, reflects on what that system is like. The audience for this book includes students and scholars of law, Chinese studies, political studies, international relations, and sociology and it is also addressed to people working in the fields of human rights advocacy, law, politics, international relations, and journalism
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 3, Index on censorship-minority rights: overview
United Nations reports on China's persecution of Falun Gong : a collection of excerpts from annual reports of the Special Rapporteurs of the UN Human Rights Commission, 2000-2003 ; October 2003
"In this no-holds-barred account, the former head of the United Nations in Sudan reveals for the first time the shocking depths of evil plumbed by those who designed and orchestrated 'the final solution' in Darfur. ... It is the deeply personal account of one man driven to extreme action by the unwillingness of those in power to stop mass murder." --Book jacket flap.
Universal human rights : moral order in a divided world
The politics of past evil : religion, reconciliation, and the dilemmas of transitional justice
Human Rights Watch world report. 2007, Events of 2006.
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 2, Democracy promotion- John Humphrey
Death penalty as a violation against the right to life and the protection against torture or other cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment or punishment
Breaking the vicious cycle : a study of human trafficking prevention work in mainland China and Hong Kong
Amnesty International report. 2005.
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009, Events of 2008.
Human rights is an important issue in contemporary politics, and the last few decades have seen a remarkable increase in research and teaching on the subject. This book introduces students to the study of human rights and aims to build on their interest while simultaneously offering an alternative vision of the subject. Many texts focus on the theoretical and legal issues surrounding human rights. This book adopts a substantially different approach which uses empirical data derived from research on human rights by political scientists to illustrate the occurrence of different types of human rights violations across the world. The authors devote attention to rights as responsibilities as well as to responsibilities, which do not stop at one country's political borders. They also explore how to deal with repression and the aftermath of human rights violations, making students aware of the prospects for and realities of progress.
Radio Congo : signals of hope from Africa's deadliest war
"In the twenty-first century, the advent of digital photography, camera phones and social media platforms has altered the relationship between photographers, the medium and the audience- as well as contributing to an ongoing blurring of the boundaries between news and entertainment and professional and amateur journalism. The Violence of the Image explores how new vernacular and artistic modes of photographic production articulate international friction."--Page 4 of cover.
Sharia law for the non-muslim
"Discusses the evolving symbiosis between Africa and China and specifies its likely implications. Among the specific topics tackled here are China's interest in African oil, military and security relations, the influx and goals of Chinese aid to sub-Saharan Africa, human rights issues, and China's overall strategy in the region"--Provided by publisher.
Ethnic cleansing and the Indian : the crime that should haunt America
The world and Darfur : international response to crimes against humanity in western Sudan
The third choice : Islam, dhimmitude and freedom
Human Rights Watch world report. 2008, Events of 2007.
Public health and human rights : evidence-based approaches
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 5, Sri Lanka-Zimbabwe, topical outline of articles, directory of contributors, index
Standard operating procedure : USA:n historian noloin skandaali
Achieving human rights
Gulag voices : an anthology
Corporate accountability for human rights abuses : a guide for victims and NGOs on recourse mechanisms
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009 : events of 2008
Bloody harvest : the killing of Falun Gong for their organs
Repatriation, integration or resettlement : the dilemmas of migration among Eritrean refugees in Eastern Sudan
Argentina : Amicus Curiae brief on the incompatibility with international law of the full stop and due obedience laws
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2005 (events of 2004)
Encyclopedia of human rights
Women witnessing terror : testimony and the cultural politics of human rights
The United Nations commission on human rights and the different treatment of governments : an inseparable part of promoting and encouraging respect for human rights?
Who is responsible : war crimes in Chechnya
The Third Choice provides a introduction to Islam on the basis of its primary sources, the Qur'an and the life of Muhammad. Topics covered include the sharia; interpretation of the Qur'an; abrogation; women's rights (including female genital mutilation); lawful deception (taqiyya); Muhammad's responses to opposition; Islamic antisemitism; religious freedom; and prospects for reforming Islam. After this critical introduction of Islam, there follows an explanation and critique of Islam's policy for non-Muslims living under Islamic conditions. The doctrine of the three choices (conversion, the sword, or the dhimma pact of surrender to Islam) is explained, including an analysis of the meaning of tribute payments (jizya) made by non-Muslims (dhimmis) to their Muslim conquerors. Durie describes the impact of dhimmitude on the human rights of non-Muslims in Islamic contexts around the world today, in the light of global Islamic resurgence and advancing Islamization, including pressure being exerted through the United Nations for states to conform to sharia restrictions on freedom of speech. The Third Choice offers keys for understanding current trends in global politics, including the widening impact of sharia revival, deterioration of human rights in Islamic societies, jihad terrorism, recurring patterns of Western appeasement, interfaith dialogue initiatives, and the increasingly fraught relationship between migrant Muslim communities in the West and their host societies.
International criminal law. Vol. 1, Sources, subjects, and contents
Against a tide of evil : how one man became the whistleblower to the first mass murder of the twenty-first century
Proselytization revisited : rights talk, free markets, and culture wars
Transnational terrorism, organized crime and peace-building : human security in the Western Balkans
China into Africa : trade, aid, and influence
The atlas of human rights : mapping violations of freedom worldwide
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2006 (events of 2005)
Public memory, public media, and the politics of justice
Enslaved : true stories of modern day slavery
Understanding contemporary social problems through media
The Cassinga event : an investigation of the records
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 4, Minority rights: European Framework Convention-Soviet Gulag
Who is responsible? : war crimes in Chechnya
Against massacre : humanitarian interventions in the Ottoman Empire, 1815-1914 : the emergence of a European concept and international practice
Our nation unhinged : the human consequences of the War on Terror
The Goldstone report
The non-constituents : rights deprivation of Roma in post-genocide Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Occupation Regimes and Their Crimes in the Baltic 1940-1941
Estonia since 1944 : Reports of the Estonian International Commission for the Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity
Human rights and wrongs : slavery, terror, genocide
The whistleblower : sex trafficking, military contractors, and one woman's fight for justice
Torture : does it make us safer? : is it ever OK? : a human rights perspective
Ground-Breaking Analysis of Russian Human Rights Activism through the European Court of Human Rights
Genocide in Darfur : investigating the atrocities in the Sudan
Detention and denial : the case for candor after Guantánamo
Under NATO's throne : European Court of Human Rights = Pod tronom Atlantskog pakta : evropski sud za ljudska prava
The practical guide to humanitarian law
The Politics of Reparations and Apologies examines the evolution and dynamics of reparation politics and justice. The volume introduces the key concepts, theories, and terms associated with social movements and in particular, the redress and reparation movement (RRM). Drawing from RRMs that have their foundation in World War II--the German genocides, the United States internments, and the Japanese "comfort women" system-- the volume explores each case study's relative success or failure in achieving its goals and argues that there are overarching trends that can explain success and failure more generally in the RRM movement. Using the backdrop of international criminal law and normative concepts of reparations, the volume establishes and analyzes the roles of reparations and apologies in obtaining transitional justice. In each case study, there is a detailed rundown of the political actions that were attempted to obtain redress and reparation for the victims, of how successful the attempts were, and of the crucial factors which influenced the relative success or failure. Crucially, the volume offers a comparative framework of the actions that contribute to a successful outcome for transitional justice. With the increasing normative expectation of justice in post-conflict situations, this volume is a valuable resource for researchers in international affairs, human rights, political science, and conflict studies. -- Publisher's description.
Human Rights Watch world report. 2011, Events of 2010.
The legalization of human rights : multidisciplinary perspectives on human rights and human rights law
Sharing the life of Other Mexico : the way to autonomous San Juan Copala : for the living memory of Jyri Jaakkola
Worse than war : genocide, eliminationism and the ongoing assault on humanity
Human rights and violence : the hope and the fear of the liberal world
Human rights in global politics
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Historical justice in international perspective : how societies are trying to right the wrongs of the past
The politics of reparations and apologies
Spotlight on human rights violations in times of armed conflict
Genocide at the millennium : a critical bibliographic review
International human rights : a comprehensive introduction
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010, Events of 2009.
Global human rights institutions : between remedy and ritual
Guilt about the past
Human rights in the OSCE region : Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2007 (events of 2006)
Breaking silence : the case that changed the face of human rights
Amnesty International report : the state of the world's human rights. 2006.
Human rights
War, conflict and human rights : theory and practice
White paper on North Korean human rights 2015
Transitional justice and development : making connections
People of Esarn
A history of political trials : from Charles I to Saddam Hussein
Understanding human rights violations : new systematic studies
Nine commentaries on the Communist Party
A History to open the future / : The China-Japan-Korea common history
Human rights in the shadow of colonial violence : the wars of independence in Kenya and Algeria
China's human rights lawyers and contemporary Chinese law : advocacy and resistance
The politics of human rights : the quest for dignity
Mugabe and the white African
Consuming the Congo : war and conflict minerals in the world's deadliest place
The responsibility of troop-contributing states for violations of their human rights obligations in relation to their participation in peace support operations
Human rights in the OSCE region : The Balkans, the Caucasus, Europe, Central Asia and North America : report 2002 (events of 2001)
Finding justice at the European Court of Human Rights : the dynamics of strategic litigation and human rights defense in the Russian Federation
