http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1633 ethnic restaurants
ethnic restaurants
Service quality and customer satisfaction in the restaurant business : case study: Sagarmatha Nepalese Restaurant in Vantaa
Ethnic diversity : a study of the hospitality industry in Helsinki
Operating Environment and Feasibility of an Ethnic Restaurant in Varkaus
The restaurants book : ethnographies of where we eat
Service design for Chinese restaurant management in Finland
Success factors of ethnic restaurants
Marketing plan for Hua Wu Chinese restaurant in The Nordic China Center
Strategic brand building business : case study for Kaavya Kitchen Ay
Developing inventory & food cost control in restaurant business : case: Havelli
Diamond Grill
Abstract.
The performance of Chinese restaurants in Turku area
Service Quality and Customer Satisfaction in the Restaurant Business : Case Study - Sagarmatha Nepalese Restaurant in Vantaa
The main objective of the thesis is focused on understanding the service and operation  model of Chinese restaurants in Finland,  identifying the gaps between the service suppliers' and the  customers' view on service quality and trying to find out the best Chinese restaurant service design in Finland.     The conceptual framework of the thesis is based on the service design, the scale to measure the service quality - SERVQUAL model, and the comparison of Finnish and Chinese food culture and restaurant management.     A combination of the qualitative and quantitative methods has been applied to analysis the research results. The face to face interviews on three Chinese restaurant owners give the qualitative perspective of the restaurant entrepreneurs and the surveys on 70 students from Haaga-Helia University of Applied Science give the quantitative view of the restaurant customers.    In conclusion, the more than 200 Chinese restaurants in Finland are sharing the same service and operation model - the excessively localized Finnish-Chinese food with slightly different serving styles. From the restaurant entrepreneurs' point of view, the lack of raw material and expensive labour cost in Finland are the main reasons for missing the taste of genuine Chinese food. They hope to present the authentic Chinese culture and offer the genuine Chinese cuisine. On the other hand, the customers are eager to experience the authentic Chinese cuisine and food culture in Finland. Wishes from both parties merged into one goal, which is to offer the genuine Chinese food to customers in the Chinese restaurants in Finland. This should serve as the main strategy for future Chinese restaurant management in Finland.
Success factors of Chinese restaurants
How to build a strong brand for a Vietnamese restaurant in Finland
Using social media platforms for successful marketing strategy : case: Ravintola Basecamp, Helsinki
The objectives of the thesis fall into three aspects: 1) understanding Chinese entrepreneurship through some major aspects; such as, the characteristics of Chinese entrepreneur and successful skills needed; 2) scanning the Chinese culture that is associated with their entrepreneurial success in restaurant business as well as understanding the Finnish culture that affects Chinese restaurants' presence in Finland; 3) acquainting with the competitive strategies that those Chinese restaurants employ to succeed. The conceptual framework is based on the combination of Wickham's entrepreneurial success model and the empirical findings on overseas Chinese success factors in the food service sector, in terms of successful entrepreneurial characteristics, skills, cultural factors as well as competitive strategies. The qualitative method, of particularly semi-structured interviews, was applied to test those perspectives to answer the research questions. The secondary data were collected from elec-tronic journals, textbooks, other empirical studies as well as other Internet sources. In conclusion, in the Chinese restaurants' success in Helsinki, those owners are confident, hard working, comfortable with the power with a clear goal. They have basic cooking, management and social skills to run their business. In addition, they take advantage of the Chinese unique culture to serve their customers and deal with the Asian retailing shops. They mainly adopt three strategies: offering lower price, being flexible to the customers' requests and family strategy.
Exotic appetites : ruminations of a food adventurer
Anthropologists in cities
Time for food : everyday food and changing meal habits in a global perspective : proceedings of the 18th conference of the International Commission for Ethnological Food Research, Åbo Akademi University, Turku, Finland, 18-21 August, 2010
