http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16335 Russian language literature
Russian language literature
The proletarian episode in Russian literature 1928-1932
The Russian Prospero : the creative universe of Viacheslav Ivanov
The silver age in Russian literature : selected papers from the Fourth World Congress for Soviet and East European Studies, Harrogate, 1990
Geroj našego vremeni = A hero of our time
Soviet Russian literature : writers and problems 1917-1967
Russian and Slavic literature
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 198, Russian literature in the age of Pushkin and Gogol : prose
Sergei Dovlatov and his narrative masks
For SK : in celebration of the life and career of Simon Karlinsky
Russian poetics : proceedings of the International colloquium at UCLA, September 22-26, 1975
The heart of a dog
The stony dance : unity and gesture in Andrey Bely's Petersburg
Our arrival : from the history of Russian futurism
Proŝaj, Gul'sary! : kniga dlâ čteniâ s kommentariem na anglijskom âzyke = Farewell, Gulsary! : russian readers with explanatory notes
Russian literature: an introduction
Three centuries of Russian poetry
Modern Russian literature : from Chekhov to the present
A hero of our time = Geroj našego vremeni
War and peace
Belyje notši i drugije rasskazy = White nights and other stories
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
Poetry and prose
Themes and variations : in honor of Lazar Fleishman = Temy i variacii : sbornik statej i materialov k 50-letiû Lazarâ Flejšmana
Booker winners and others
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
Russian text (19th century) and antiquity = Russkij tekst (19 vek) i antičnost'
The three worlds of Boris Pasternak
A history of Russian literature : from its beginnings to 1900
D.S. Mirsky : a Russian-English life, 1890-1939
Poems & political letters of F. I. Tyutchev
Writers in Russia : 1917-1978
Nabokov's deceptive world
Echo : short stories = Èho
Narrators as playwrights : patterns of transformation
Uncollected writings on Russian literature
The Russian revolutionary novel : Turgenev to Pasternak
Russica : the Russian collection in the Nobel Library of the Swedish Academy : a selective catalogue 1766-1936 = Russica : Russkaâ kollekciâ v Nobelevskoj biblioteke Švedskoj Akademii : izbrannyj katalog 1766-1936
Studies in 20th century Russian prose
Tšestnyi vor i drugije rasskazy = An honest thief, and other stories
A soviet heretic
The Karamazov brothers : a novel in four parts with an epilogue in two volumes. vol 1
Ènciklopedičeskij slovar' russkoj literatury s 1917 goda = A dictionary of Russian literature since 1917
Russian themes
The epic of Russian literature from its origins through Tolstoy
The prose of Sasha Sokolov : reflections on/of the real
A concordance to the poetry of Joseph Brodsky
The očerk: suggestions toward a redefinition
Saints and revolutionaries : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
The master and Margarita
Literature and revolution
In search of perfection : the ascetic hero in Russian literature
Russian literature
Stories from the beer kiosk : contemporary Russian folk narratives in Mikhail Weller's Nevsky Prospect legends
Anthology of old Russian literature
Love Russian style
The apocalyptic symbolism of Andrej Belyj
An introduction to Russian literature
Igrok = The gambler
Selected essays
Demanding literature : soviet literature of the 70's and early 80's : literary and critical essays
Iosif Brodskij's "Rimskie Èlegii" : a critical analysis
Russian futurism : a history
The Karamazov brothers : a novel in four parts with an epilogue in two volumes. vol 2
Andrej Belyj's Peterburg : a bibliography
An introduction to the russian novel
Reaction to positivism and the metaphysics of sex in Russian literature of the first quarter of the twentieth century
Jaan Kross and Russian culture
Music and literature in Silver age Russia : Mikhail Kuzmin and Alexander Scriabin
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 205, Russian literature in the age of Pushkin and Gogol : poetry and drama
Theater and literature in Russia 1900-1930 ; a collection of essays
Soviet literature in the sixties : an international symposium
A history of Russian literature : comprising a history of Russian literature and contemporary Russian literature
Dreams and the unconscious in nineteenth-century Russian fiction
A bibliography of Anton Chekhov in English
My sister - life
From Pushkin to Mayakovsky : a study in the evolution of a literature
Literature and history : theoretical problems and Russian case studies
Autobiography of a corpse
Issues in Russian literature before 1917 : selected papers of the third World Congress for Soviet and East European Studies
The widows of Russia and other writings
Ot Puškina do Cehova : iz russkoj prozy XIX veka = From Pushkin to Chekhov : from Russian prose of XIX century
Pesn' o veŝem Olege = The Song of wise Oleg
Summary.
Booker winners and others II
Dal'nij Vostok, blizkaâ Rossiâ : èvolûciâ russkoj kul'tury - vzglâd iz Vostočnoj Azii = Far East, close Russia : the evolution of Russian culture - a view from East Asia
12 stuljev = The twelve chairs
Alexander Solzhenitsyn : cold war icon, gulag author, Russian nationalist? : a study of the Western reception of his literary writings, historical interpretations, and political ideas
Majakovskij and futurism 1917-1921
Slavic poetics : essays in honor of Kiril Taranovsky
Generating the literary text
Pushkin : a comparative commentary
Russian romantic fiction
Russian literature and empire : conquest of the Caucasus from Pushkin to Tolstoy
