http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16392 agricultural countries
agricultural countries
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
Forest & landscape research
A Comparison of Extension Methods Used by Different Agricultural Extension Service Providers in Nyandarua County, Kenya
Analysis factors affecting supply of agricultural products : market liberalization, agricultural policies, bioenergy policies, population growth, input price development, trade policies and other relevant factors
Citizens' attitudes towards multifunctional agriculture
Research report
Policy harmonized approach for the EU agricultural sector modelling
Constructing and negotiating entrepreneurial agency : a social psychological approach to entrepreneurship discourse in the farm context
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Comparative study on Chinese and Finnish experts' opinion of multifunctional agriculture
Farmers' choice on multifunctionality targeted policy measures
Grass overseeding effects to the growth and profitability assessment of grass rolling.
Preconditions for Sustainable Rural Coworking Spaces in Southwest Finland : Field Study England - Case Study Mietoinen
Policy harmonized (PH) approach allows for the quantitative assessment of the impact of various elements of EU CAP direct support schemes, where the production effects of direct payments are accounted through reaction prices formed by producer price and policy price add-ons. Using the AGMEMOD model the impacts of two possible EU agricultural policy scenarios upon beef production have been analysed - full decoupling with a switch from historical to regional Single Payment scheme or alternatively with re-distribution of country direct payment envelopes via introduction of EU-wide flat area payment. The PH approach, by systematizing and harmonizing the management and use of policy data, ensures that projected differential policy impacts arising from changes in common EU policies reflect the likely actual differential impact as opposed to differences in how “common” policies are implemented within analytical models. In the second section of the paper the AGMEMOD model's structure is explained. The policy harmonized evaluation method is presented in the third section. Results from an application of the PH approach are presented and discussed in the paper's penultimate section, while section 5 concludes.
European Union citizens and agriculture from 1995 to 2003.
Decent rural employment for food security : a case for action
Butterfly communities in relation to changes in the management of agricultural environments
Rural poverty report 2001 : the challenge of ending rural poverty
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Analysis of the relation between rural poverty, malnutrition and hunger, and the interlinks with agricultural production growth and productivity growth with special reference to Mozambique and Bangladesh
Nearby nature and experiential farming : how are their roles perceived within the rural–urban fringe?
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Strengthening farmer-led economic activities and agribusiness through producer organizations in Zambia : a country specific study of Zambia for the farmers fighting poverty : producers' organizations support programme
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
Cooperatives as a tool for poverty reduction and promoting business in Tanzania
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Analysis of the 2003 CAP reform
"This Case for Action urges that improving policy coherence between employment and agricultural initiatives and investigating more in the promotion of decent rural employment contribute highly to the interlinked challenges of fighting rural poverty and feeding a growing world population in a sustainable way. Even more importantly, decent work is a fully fledged human right, enshrined in international human rights law, to which each person is entitled as a means of personal development and socio-economic inclusion. While the ILO leads the Global Employment and Decent Work Agenda, FAO has a crucial comparative advantage in promoting decent work in rural areas, specifically with respect to employment in agriculture, including livestock, forestry, fisheries and management of natural resources, as well as agroprocessing and retailing. Given its mandate to raise levels of nutrition, improve agricultural productivity, better the lives of rural populations and contribute to the growth of the world economy, FAO has a significant responsibility within this context. This Case for Action further clarifies the reasoning behind this statement and suggests entry points for increased synergies and inter-disciplinary collaboration."--Introduction.
Advancing Agroforestry on the Policy Agenda : a guide for decision-makers
Midterm review of the national integrated pest management programme in Nepal, phase II
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Farming systems of the world
More from agriculture : testing the concept and practise of locally driven environmental initiatives
Zimbabwe takes back its land
Farm equipment supply chains : guidelines for policy-makers and service providers: experiences from Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farm
World hunger : 12 myths
MTT Raportti = MTT Report = MTT Rapport
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Experience has shown that a basic prerequisite for successful mechanization of the agricultural sector requires a well-functioning supply chain. To draw lessons for achieving this goal, the FAO Rural Infrastructure and Agro-Industries Division commissioned three mechanization supply chain case studies. The studies were conducted in Kenya, Pakistan and Brazil and the information contained in them has been used as the basis for the analysis presented in this technical report. Historically, public sector efforts to supply mechanization services have often failed as costs greatly exceeded income and the maintenance of aging machinery fleets became too great a burden. However it is evident that the public sector does have a role to play in complementing the activities of the private sector in a synergistic partnership. The main role of the public sector is to have the vision of a national mechanization strategy and to cultivate an enabling environment which allows the private sector to operate effectively. One key possibility described in the report is that of linking equipment supply chains across continents. This is exemplified by an account of the evolution of no-till technology in Brazil which is now being successfully used by farmers in Asia and Africa. A key stakeholder in this supply chain development has been FAO in conjunction with the international donor community, as they have been in a position to take a holistic view to encourage private sector actors and so disseminate profitable mechanization technologies from one continent to another. The main recommendations of the technical report are aimed at policy makers in the public sector, although there is plenty of interest to other stakeholders, especially machinery suppliers and mechanization service providers. However the ultimate beneficiaries are small and medium scale farmers who are the recipients of the services provided.--Publisher's description.
Understanding and integrating gender issues into livestock projects and programmes : a checklist for practitioners
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
Annals of Warsaw Agricultural University - SGGW-AR. Land reclamation
Finnish Agriculture and Rural Industries
Assessing the recreational demand for agricultural land in Finland
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
Diversifying foreign trade as a risk insurance device : from cold war bilateral trade to globalized markets
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Mitigating Agricultural Phosphorus Leaching : The Effect of Timing in Grass Harvesting in Mitigating Wintertime Phosphorus Leaching
Automatic Washing System : Analysis of Problems and Evaluation of Possible Solutions
World food prospects : critical issues for the early twenty-first century
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The five faces of Thailand : an economic geography
Abstract: Guide to Agricultural Constructing.
Human disturbance on Polylepis mountain forests in Peruvian Andes
Recent changes in land use and productivity in agro-pastoral Inner Mongolia, China
Whole-farm risk management in arable farming : portfolio methods for farm-specific business analysis and planning
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Top producer
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Bad luck or wrong policies? : external shocks, domestic adjustment, and the growth slowdown in Latin America and the Caribbean
Organic food businesses in local alternative agri-food networks in Pirkanmaa region in Finland
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Amber waves
The common agricultural policy : a partnership between Europe and farmers
Applied agrometeorology
Co-evolution of agriculture and rural development in different regional institutional contexts : case studies from Finland and Italy
Statistics on the finances of agricultural and forestry enterprises
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Chilean journal of agricultural research
China and other emerging actors in Africa
A monitoring and evaluation report of the conservation agriculture project 1 (CAP1) in Zambia
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Rural-urban policy effects on the regional economies of South Ostrobothnia and North Karelia
Carbon dioxide exchange on cultivated and afforested boreal peatlands
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Effects of developing country policies on agricultural services, extension, rural infrastructure and energy, health care, water and sanitation
Long-term outcomes of agricultural investments : lessons from Zambia
CONSEQUENCES OF POPULATION GROWTH ON AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION IN OBINGWA LOCAL GOVERNMENT AREA OF ABIA STATE NIGERIA.
An economic geography of the Scandinavian states and Finland
Journal of the Graduate School of Agriculture, Hokkaido University
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
Generational Transition on a Farm
Well-being at work on farms in Finland : stress, safety in animal handling and working conditions of women on dairy farms
DEVELOPMENT PLAN FOR A SMALL-SIZED FARM : Profitable Development Ideas on Products, Services, Marketing Methods and Customer Service for Kettulan Tila 2012-2014
Supply Chain Performance Measurement : The integrated project of Shengda Market and Lijin Agricultural Base
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Paying farmers for environmental services
