http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1637 readers (textbooks)
readers (textbooks)
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 3, Textbok : åk 7
On the move : engelska för grundskolans lågstadium. 1, Textbok : åk 5
Clockwork angel
English seventy. Årskurs 7, Reader
Diary of a pilgrimage
A century of artists books
The Borgias : the hidden history
This way. 9 A, [Textbook]
Children's reading choices
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Real English. Åk 5, The reader
This way. 7 S, [Textbook]
A study on electronic book marketing in Finland
The perks of being a wallflower
The schoolboy's first story-book : a preparation for speaking and writing the English language : being a collection of easy tales and anecdotes simplified for the use of the Junior Classes of the "Bürgerschule" at Bremen
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 2, Textbok : åk 6
The incredible journey
Identity : a reader for writers
Real English. Åk 6, The reader
Jet set. 3, Happy landing : textbook
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Studies on Hungarians and other Central European peoples
The printed book in Brittany, 1484-1600
Jet set. 1, Take-off : textbook
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 5, Textbok : åk 9
Hallo everybody. 2/6 Årskurs 6.
Historical biographies
Scandal at the talent show
Real English. 8, Reader
Today and yesterday : A British-American reader = (Englantilais-amerikkalainen lukemisto lukioastetta varten)
Little Lord Fauntleroy
The book thief
The works of John Wesley. Volume 23, Journal and diaries VI (1776-86)
Russians and religion after communism
Jet set. 2, On course : textbook
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 1, Textbok : åk 5
English for you. 1
The dictionary of 19th century British book illustrators and caricaturists
First season ; Bride to be
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Say it in English : 2, Pupil's book. Läromedelssystem i engelska
An introduction to book history
New horizons. 1
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Bibliographic records for books published in the Czech Republic during the 20th century. A product of the project entitled Making Czech Book Production of the 20th Century Available via the Internet and CD-ROM, covers the years 1901 to 1982. Includes records for some books published in Slovakia.
New Hallo everybody. 4, Textbook
The works of John Wesley. Volume 18, Journal and diaries I (1735-38)
New Hallo everybody. 3, Textbook
English for you. 2
New Hallo everybody. 2, Textbook
Going up. 1, Main book
Hallo. C, Textbook
On the go. 1
Study and recreation : englische Chrestomathie für den Schul- und Privat-Unterricht. 1. Cursus
Our English grammar
Learn English. 2, Reader
Enoch Arden and other poems
Hallo everybody. 2, Textbook
Transgressor of the nation
Two centuries of Roman poetry : extracts from Lucretius, Catullus, Virgil, Horace, Ovid, Martial, and Juvenal
Hallo everybody. 4A Årskurs 7
Real English. 9, Reader
Say it in English. 4, Pupil's book
Usability of eBooks in JAMK library collection
This way. 7 A, [Textbook]
Modus novus : lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrobuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = studies in reading atonal melodies
Hallo everybody. 3, Textbook
Clicks! : textbook for form 6
On the move : engelska för grundskolan. 4, Textbok : åk 8
The works of John Wesley. Volume 22, Journal and diaries V (1765-75)
Look and learn : my first English grammar
Secret service
Real English. 7, Reader
Clockwork prince
Concise earth atlas : the book of everything
Say it in English. 1-3, Pupil's book
Beginning iPadTM Application Development
The works of John Wesley. Volume 20, Journal and diaries III (1743-54)
"Read. Write. Oxford. Identity: A Reader for Writers focuses on the essential topic of identity as it relates to culture, rhetoric, and the multiple modes of expression that are increasingly common in today's multilingual society. Each chapter in this reader asks students foundational questions about identity. These questions include: Where are you from? Where did you go to school? What do you do for work? And whom do you love? While these questions appear easy to answer, students will learn as they work through the readings that their answers are linked to meaningful themes including language, nationality, labor, education, personal relationships, and privacy. Developed for the freshman composition course, Identity: A Reader for Writers includes an interdisciplinary mix of public, academic, and scientific reading selections, providing students with the rhetorical knowledge and compositional skills required to participate effectively in discussions about critical literacy, cultural studies, and the writing process. Identity: A Reader for Writers is part of a series of brief single-topic readers from Oxford University Press designed for today's college writing courses. Each reader in this series approaches a topic of contemporary conversation from multiple perspectives"--
Modus novus : Lärobok i fritonal melodiläsning = Lehrbuch in freitonaler Melodielesung = Studies in reading atonal melodies
Czech books published in the 20th century
The princess diaries
"A reader focused on the topic of identity as it relates to culture, rhetoric, and the multiple modes of expression that are increasingly common in today's multilingual and multimodal society. Developed for the first-year writing market, the reader will prompt questions pertinent to writing studies, critical literacy, and cultural studies, and it will contain an interdisciplinary mix of public, academic, and scientific readings. The readings provide global perspectives, diverse voices, unexpected sources, and varying levels of difficulty"--
The works of John Wesley. Volume 19, Journal and diaries II (1738-43)
Princess Mia
The works of John Wesley. Volume 21, Journal and diaries IV (1755-65)
