http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16317 steamboats
steamboats steamships
From tree to sea : the building of a wooden steam drifter
Lloyd's book of house flags & funnels : of the principal steamship lines of the world and the house flags of various lines of sailing vessels
Laiva saapui Helsinkiin : Helsingin matkustajalaivaliikenteen kehitys 1830-luvulta nykypäivään = Ett skepp anlöpte Helsingfors : passagerartrafikens utveckling i Helsingfors hamn från 1830-talet till nutid = A ship sailed to Helsinki : the development
The French Line Compagnie Generale Transatlantique quadruple-screw turbo-electric North Atlantic Steamship Normandie : the world's largest liner
250 years of steam
Olympic, Titanic, Britannic : An Illustrated History of the Olympic Class Ships
The history of ships
The liner : retrospective & renaissance
The history of steam navigation
Reed's electric lighting for steamers and its management : by Thomas Scott
Ships of the world : an historical encyclopedia
Tourist third cabin : steamship travel in the interwar years
Brunelś ships
All about ships & shipping : a handbook of popular nautical information; with numerous diagrams, plans and illustrations
B. I. : The British India Steam Navigation Company Limited
Steamboats on the western rivers : an economic and technological history
Liners and their recognition
ABC of ocean freighters
Reed's guide to the use and management of yacht, trawler & launch engines including deck and auxiliary machinery = Light marine machinery
''World's greatest ship'' : the story of the Leviathan
The iron ship : the story of Brunel's ss Great Britain
Conway's history of the ship. [4], Steam, steel & Shellfire : the steam warship 1815-1905
British ocean tramps. 2, Owners and their ships
In August 1812 Henry Bell's Comet, a revolutionary paddle steamer, made her first journey on the Clyde. This marked the start of extraordinary developments that completely transformed shipping and transport in Britain, Europe and the Americas. The paddle steamer soon became the key link with Empire, pushing the Honorable East India Company's wooden walls off the seas; it provided the all- important link with the Americas, and it offered emigrants to the New World a means of pushing westwards. In this fascinating new book Nick Robins analyses the remarkable impact of the paddle steamer and goes on to describe its development, both in terms of technology design and in relation to its effects on the transformation of nineteenth-century economies. He includes all Henry Bells disciples - the Burns brothers, Laird, Napier, Fulton, Symington Cunard and Denny to name a few, and looks at their individual contributions. The impact of the paddle steamer on transport is difficult to overstate. It helped with the export of cotton from the American southern states and with the transport of oil from Burma's oil fields. The great stern wheelers of the Mississippi are legendary, but they also migrated to the Murray and Darling rivers in Australia, and to the Congo and Nile rivers in Africa, and the great rivers of Russia.This wonderful story of nineteenth-century ingenuity will appeal to shipping enthusiasts and those with a wider interest in industrial history. --Publisher's description.
Foreign ocean tankers
A biography of the combative man whose genius and force of will created modern capitalism, documenting how Vanderbilt helped launch the transportation revolution, propel the Gold Rush, reshape Manhattan, and invent the modern corporation.
See inside ships
Konstantiniyye'den İstanbul'a : XIX. yüzyıl ortalarından XX. yüzyıla Boğaziçi'nin Rumeli yakası fotoğrafları = From Konstantiniyye to İstanbul : photographs of the Rumeli shore of the Bosphorus from the mid XIXth to the XXth century
The Western river steamboat
Maritime enterprise and empire : Sir William Mackinnon and his business network, 1823-93
A night to remember
Sailor Twain : the mermaid in the Hudson
Great Sea battles
From steamer to "car ferry"
Funnel : journal of the Steam Boat Association of Great Britain
Steam ships of Europe
The first tycoon : the epic life of Cornelius Vanderbilt
Steamboats come true : American inventors in action
Classic ocean liners. 1, Berengaria, Leviathan & Majestic
Sternwheelers & sidewheelers : the romance of steamdriven paddleboats in Canada
Ships of the Orient Line
Steamships. 1, Merchant ships to 1880
The steam collier fleets
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
The voyages of the Great Britain : life at sea in the world's first liner
Final report on S.S. City of Launceston (1863-1865), an inter-colonial steamship wrecked Port Phillip, Victoria : maritime archaeological survey, excavation, artefact analysis, corrosion survey, conservation and site management 1997-2009
The golden age of steam
Protecting and indemnity club : rules
Siipiratas Suomessa = Paddle steamers of Finland
Ocean steamers : a history of ocean-going passenger steamships, 1820-1970
Reed's steam engineering knowledge for marine engineers
Ships of the royal mail lines
The marine steam-engine
British tugs
Innovation in shipping and trade
Suomen kauppalaivasto = Finlands handelsflotta = Finland's mercantile marine. 1942, 23
British railways steamers : and other vessels
Conway's history of the ship. [5], The advent of steam : the merchant steamship before 1900
Iron and steamship archaeology : success and failure on the SS Xantho
A century of sea travel : personal accounts from the steamship era
Fultons "Steam Battery" : blockship and catamaran
Sternwheelers and steam tugs : an illustrated history of the Canadian Pacific Railway's British Columbia Lake and River Service
China and Japan : being a narrative of the cruise of the U.S. steam-frigate Powhatan, in the years 1857, '58, '59, and '60
The international passenger service shipping guide
Ocean Liners
A postcard history of the passenger liner
Little Tim and the brave sea captain
The fleet of the Finska Ångfartygs Aktiebolaget (Finland Steamship Co. Ltd), Helsingfors
International register of historic ships
Conway's history of the ship. [10], The golden age of shipping : the classic merchant ship 1900-1960
German Greyhounds
RMS Titanic : 75 years of legend
Transatlantic paddle steamers
Ships of the Blue Funnel Line
Steam coasters and short sea traders
The coming of the comets : the rise and fall of the paddle steamer
Pull out all the stops!
Ships of the Union-Castle Line
A short history and fleet list of the Canadian Pacific Ocean steamships 1891-1956
Brown's flags and funnels : of British and foreign steamship companies
Titanic : lost and found
Cunard : a pictorial history 1840-1990
Classic ocean liners. 2, Rex & Conte di Savoia
Picture history of the Normandie with 190 illustrations
Ships of the world
Blow for the landing : a hundred years of steam navigation on the waters of the west
The steamboat Bertrand : history, excavation and architecture
The rivermen
Abc of ocean liners
Steamships. 2, Merchant ships from 1880
The sea monsters
Feed water systems and treatment
Marine steam boilers
The American steel navy : a photographic history of the U. S. Navy from the introduction of the steel Hull in 1883 to the cruise of the Great White Fleet, 1907-1909
Modern ships
Laiva saapui Helsinkiin : Helsingin matkustajalaivaliikenteen kehitys 1830-luvulta nykypäivään = Ett skepp anlöpte Helsingfors : passagerartrafikens utveckling i Helsingfors hamn från 1830-talet till nutid = A ship sailed to Helsinki : the development of passenger ship traffic in Helsinki from the 1830s to the present day
RMS Queen Mary : 50 years of splendour
The steamers in Finland
Turbinia : the story of Charles Parsons and his ocean greyhound
Steamboat register : an illustrated register of surviving steam vessels in the British Isles plus steamboats owned by SBA members in other countries
Dead wake : the last crossing of the Lusitania
