http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1638 names
names
45,000+ baby names
City names
Enzyme nomenclature : recommendations (1972) of the Commission on Biochemical Nomenclature on the Nomenclature and Classification of Enzymes together with their Units and the Symbols of Enzyme Kinetics
The Penguin dictionary of British surnames
The world of baby names
Summary: Eeva Törmänen eller Eva Dørmænen? The encounter between the Finnish and the Norwegian anthroponymic system in Norway.
The buried giant : a novel
Paukščių pavadinimų žodynas = Vocabularium nominum avium = Dictionary of bird names = Vogelnamenverzeichnis = Dictionnaire des oiseaux = Словарь названий птиц
Man Gave Names to All the Animals
A complete checklist of the birds of the world
Cognitive Onomastics : a reader
There are tittles in this title : the weird world of words
Call me by my name : more than 2000 Xhosa, Zulu, Swazi and Ndebele names
Baby Names 2012
The Shakespeare name dictionary
Abstract.
Wondering through Europe : a story of European geographical names
The Wordsworth dictionary of pub names
Names that sell : how to create great names for your company, product or service
Protologues in seed catalogues from Botanic Garden Copenhagen 1843-1875
Russell Grant's zodiac baby names : The complete book of baby names defined by star sign
English summary: Character names taking shape : Word formation, structure and meaning relationships of Finnish-language personal names in full-length, animated Disney feature films.
Žuvų pavadinimų žodynas = Vocabularium nominum piscium = Dictionary of fishes names
Bibliographic catalogue of Hieracium and Pilosella names published by Finnish authors
Classification of the animal kingdom
Mammals, their Latin names explained : a guide to animal classification
Japanese names : a comprehensive index by characters and readings
Nomenclature of organic compounds
Report on botanical nomenclature - Saint Louis 1999 : XVI International Botanical Congress, Saint Louis: nomenclature section, 26 to 30 July, 1999
A history of the English language
The Penguin dictionary of proper names
Choose the perfect baby name
Names and their varieties : a collection of essays in onomastics
The Howard and Moore complete checklist of the birds of the world. 2, Passerines
Family names in current use for vascular plants, bryophytes, and fungi. 1, NCU
Standard nomenclature of veterinary diseases and operations
Checklist of Finnish Lepidoptera = Suomen perhosten luettelo
Index Hygrocybearum : a catalogue to names and potential names in tribus Hygrocybeae Kühner (Tricholomatales, Fungi)
The Marketing-Orientated Business Plan for a Company-To-Be, Case: Lauriida
The Parent Soup baby name finder : real advice from real parents who have named their babies and lived to tell about it - with more than 15 000 names
A Chinese name to Cherish : Choosing an auspicious name for your baby
Nordiske navne på skadedyr og nogle nyttedyr = Nordic names of pests and some beneficial animals
The Guinness book of names
Double names and elite strategy in Roman Egypt
Principles and procedures for geographical naming 1990 = Principes et directives pour la dénomination des lieux 1990
Yliopistosanasto = Universitetsordlista = University glossary = Universitätsglossar = Lexique des universités = Vocabulario universitario = Slovar' universitetskih terminov
Term list : version 930719-UCL. W1, European Odonata
The complete guide to baby naming ceremonies
Elsevier's dictionary of trees : with names in Latin, English, French, Spanish, and other languages. Vol. 1, North America
Hello, My Name Is Awesome : How to Create Brand Names That Stick
Nomenclator zoologicus
A dictionary of plants used by man
A list of Linnaean generic names and their types
Nathalia Buttface and the most embarrassing dad in the world
On the translation of proper names in children's books as translated from English into Finnish
Dictionary of economic plants
Man gave names to all the animals
Harry Potter and the challenges of translation : treatment of personal names in the Finnish and German translations of the three first Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling
A study of English names of the passerines with a comparison to Finnish names
The Guinness books of names
Catalogue of names of fishes molluscs and crustaceans of commercial importance in the Mediterranean
No abstract
The most beautiful names
Toponymic Guidelines for Map Editors and Other Editors : Finland
Tetragrammaton : western Christians and the Hebrew name of God : from the beginning to the seventeenth centuries
A dictionary of rock and pop names : the rock and pop names encyclopedia from Aaliyah to ZZ Top
Plants, people & places : the plant lover's companion
The Oxford Book of British bird names
Indic names : a documentation list
Remembering names and faces
My name is Yoon
Early Babylonian personal names from the published tablets of the so-called Hammurabi dynasty (B.C. 2000)
Perfect babies' names
These are the names : studies in Jewish onomastics. Vol. 2
The Penguin dictionary of first names
The story key to geographic names
Organic-chemical drugs and their synonyms : (an international survey). Vol. 1
Wordcraft : the art of turning little words into big business
The western spread of Permic hydronyms
Organic-chemical drugs and their synonyms : (an international survey). Vol. 3
Translating anthroponyms : exemplified by selected works of English children's literature in their Polish versions
A dictionary of English surnames
Bulletin of zoological nomenclature
Rock names : from ABBA to ZZ Top : how rock bands got their names
Servant x service. 1
A nomenclatural correction to Flora Iranica: Cyperaceae
The Christian Reception of the Hebrew name of God has not previously been described in such detail and over such an extended period. This work places that varied reception within the context of early Jewish and Christian texts; Patristic Studies; Jewish-Christian relationships; Mediaeval thought; the Renaissance and Reformation; the History of Printing; and the development of Christian Hebraism. The contribution of notions of the Tetragrammaton to orthodox doctrines and debates is exposed, as is the contribution its study made to non-orthodox imaginative constructs and theologies. Gnostic, Kabbalistic, Hermetic and magical texts are given equally detailed consideration. There emerge from this sustained and detailed examination several recurring themes concerning the difficulty of naming God, his being and his providence.
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
Politics of commemoration on the streets of 1920s Helsinki
Shutter island
Baby names for the '90s and beyond
A dictionary of pub names
Baby names made easy : the complete reverse dictionary of baby names
Inspired baby names from around the world : 6,000 international names and the meaning behind them
Birds of the world : recommended English names
Gazetteer of the Antarctic
A dictionary of plant-names. [Pt. 2], Index
The brilliant book of baby names : what's best, what's hot & what's not
The Linguistic Background of the  Ancient Meshchera Tribe and Principal Areas of  Settlement
Yahweh : the divine name in the Bible
Index to characters in the performing arts. 3, Ballets A-Z and symbols
Term list. W1, European Odonata
The Village names of Lewis
The Century cyclopedia of names : a pronouncing and etymological dictionary of names in geographyhy, biography, mythology, history, ethnology, art, archaelogy, fiction, etc., etc., etc
Hybrid methods for coreference resolution in Swedish
Salng name or official name? Suburb names as mirrors of urban identities in eastern Helsinki
Choose your baby's name : a dictionary of first names
Ex toto orbe Romano : immigration into Roman Dacia ; with prosopographical observations on the population of Dacia
Geographic names of the Antarctic
The buried giant
Dictionary of minor planet names
Elsevier's dictionary of plant names and their origin
International code of botanical nomenclature (Tokyo code) : adopted by the Fifteenth International Botanical Congress, Yokohama, August-September 1993
NTC's dictionary of trade name origins
World travel dictionary : the dictionary for the travel industry
Best baby names
The name book : over 10,000 names  - their meanings, origins and spiritual significance
A dictionary of plant-names. Pt. 1
Règles internationales de la nomenclature botanique : adoptées par le Congrès international de botanique de Vienne 1905, deuxième édition mise au point d'après les décisions du Congrès international de botanique de Bruxelles 1910 = International rules of botanical nomenclature : adopted by the International Botanical Congresses of Vienna 1905 and Brussels 1910 = Internationale Regeln der botanischen Nomenclatur : angenommen von den Internationalen botanischen Kongressen zu Wien 1905 und Brüssel 1910
The Best pet name book ever!
Deep talk : reading African-American literary names
Famous brand names and their origins
(1657-1667) Proposals to conserve eight names and reject one species name in Cladoniaceae (Fungi)
The big book of baby names : every parent's inspirational guide to naming their new child
Standardized plant names : a revised and enlarged listing of approved scientific and common names of plants and plant products in American commerce or use
The she magazine names for baby book
An inherited name as the foundation of a person's identity: How the memory of a dead person lived on in the names of his or her descendants
Name and place : ten essays on the dynamics of place-names
Christian christian names : baby names inspired by the Bible and the saints
Jewish proper names and derivatives in the Koran
International standard. 27729, Information and documentation, international standard name identifier (ISNI) = Information et documentation - code international normalisé des noms (ISNI)
Organic-chemical drugs and their synonyms : (an international survey). Vol. 2
The Clements checklist of the birds of the world
Common names of Karoo plants : a convenient guide for use in the field, compiled in the interest of improved communication between scientific and lay people working in the Karoo
Living names, naming lives : on the naming practices of Germans living in Finland - a socio-onomastic study
Names in current use for extant plant genera. 3, NCU
The perfect name for your baby
International code of nomenclature for cultivated plants - 195 = ICNCP or Cultivated plant code : adopted by the International Commission for the Nomenclature of Cultivated Plants
Cassell dictionary of proper names
Lexicon of Jewish names in late antiquity. Part 1, Palestine 300 BCE-200 CE
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Isis in Babylonia?
A dictionary of plant-names. Pt. 1 B
7000 baby names : classic and modern
Birds : alternative names : a world checklist
Baby names 2010
"Naming a business or product has always been challenging--and sometimes costly--for entrepreneurs and inventors, but it's one of the most important decisions they have to make. Alexandra Watkins presents a foolproof model that anyone can use to create and evaluate brand names like a pro" --
Using Eutropius' remark that Trajan, after the Dacian conquest, brought colonists from all the Roman world (ex toto orbe Romano), the author analyses the phenomenon of immigration into Roman Dacia. The approach is both epigraphic and archaeological, but from both points of view, questions remain without a (precise) answer. The list of persons who are mentioned in inscriptions is divided into three main categories: the elites, the mining population (very particular in relation to the whole population), and persons belonging to middle and lower classes. The sample does not include elements of the non-stable population, such as active soldiers or members of the Roman administration in the province. In many cases, the names of people in the epigraphic sources do not indicate the origin of such persons, and only a few natives are attested. On the other hand, archaeological evidence indicates the presence in Dacia of some stone-workers from other provinces or circulating there in consequence of various wars, although it is impossible to be precise about the circulation of the latter folk. In the end, one of the main questions is: where are the natives? In both epigraphic and archaeological sources their presence is weakly attested. The author accepts that the colonisation of Dacia was indeed intense and that Eutropius' affirmation could be true; on the other hand, combining some literary evidence with the results of the present analysis and with the author's earlier demographic research, it can be said that the Romans found Dacia to be a sparsely populated territory. This is why the colonisation was not only intense but had such a strong effect in the Romanisation of the province.
Eblaite personal names and Semitic name-giving : papers of a Symposium held in Rome July 15-17, 1985
Irish names
Microbial classification : 12th symposium of the Society for General Microbiology held at the Royal Institution, London, April 1962.
THE GUINNESS BOOK OF NAMES
Principles and procedures for geographical naming 1999 = Principes et directives pour la dénomination des lieux 1999
The Virgin book of baby names
Book of Indian names
International code of botanical nomenclature ( Saint Louis Code) : adopted by the Sixteenth International Botanical Congress, St Louis, Missouri, July-August 1999
Insects of economic importance : a checklist of preferred names
