http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16315 relationship with nature
relationship with nature
Words on water : literary and cultural representations
The life of elves
The cry of nature : art and the making of animal rights
Your brain on nature : the science of nature's influence on your health, happiness and vitality
Making space in Finland's new economy
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
The Human impact reader : readings and case studies
Mush! : Sled dogs with issues
The summits of modern man : mountaineering after the enlightenment
The falling sky : words of a Yanomami shaman
Wildwood : a journey through trees
Teaching the animal : the humanities
Living with herds : human-animal coexistence in Mongolia
Character and environment : a virtue-oriented approach to environmental ethics
Native Americans and the environment : perspectives on the ecological Indian
Resolving human-wildlife conflicts : the science of wildlife damage management
Nature wars : the incredible story of how wildlife comebacks turned backyards into battlegrounds
Hunters, herders, and hamburgers : the past and future of human-animal relationships
Thinking about nature
Contributed articles chiefly with reference to Himalayan region.
Urban place : reconnecting with the natural world
The red garden
Reconfiguring modernity : concepts of nature in Japanese political ideology
The sense of wonder
Nature and the human soul : cultivating wholeness and community in a fragmented world
The double-crested cormorant : symbol of ecological conflict
Four essays on aesthetics : toward a global view
"Since the beginnings of history trees have served humankind in countless useful ways, but our relationship with trees has many dimensions beyond mere practicality. Trees are so entwined with human experience that diverse species have inspired their own stories, myths, songs, poems, paintings, and spiritual meanings. Some have achieved status as religious, cultural, or national symbols.  In this beautifully illustrated volume Fiona Stafford offers intimate, detailed explorations of seventeen common trees, from ash and apple to pine, oak, cypress, and willow. The author also pays homage to particular trees, such as the fabled Ankerwyke Yew, under which Henry VIII courted Anne Boleyn, and the spectacular cherry trees of Washington, D.C. Stafford discusses practical uses of wood past and present, tree diseases and environmental threats, and trees' potential contributions toward slowing global climate change. Brimming with unusual topics and intriguing facts, this book celebrates trees and their long, long lives as our inspiring and beloved natural companions"--
Nature's due : healing our fragmented culture
Encountering the past in nature : essays in environmental history
Rites of love
Nature and the crisis of modernity : a critique of contemporary discourse on managing the earth
The new civilisation
Earth calling : a climate change handbook for the 21st century
Voltaire's vine and other philosophies : how gardens inspired great writers
Exploring people's perception of biodiversity and ecosystem services in Taita Hills, Kenya
"The remains of an orchard" : (post)pastoral elements in Cormac McCarthy's The road
A wolf called Romeo
Green deserts and window weather : nature conceptions in the urban and landscape planning of Reykjavik
Aesthetics and nature
Nature, technology and cultural change in twentieth-century German literature : the challenge of ecocriticism
Human performance and ergonomics
Beyond determinism? : engagement and response in human-environment interactions
Löysin itseni metsästä = I found myself in the woods
The year of the flood
The vital balance : nature, architecture, and man
"Natasha Fijn examines the process of animal domestication in an ethnographic account of herders and their herd animals in the mountains of Mongolia"--
Patrick Huse : intimate absence : Henie Onstad Art Center, Norway 2005 : Hafnarborg Institute of Culture and Fine Art Centre, Iceland 2006 : Rovaniemi Art Museum, Finland 2007 / [Claudio Aporta, Patrick Huse, Ole Jørgen Hammeken ... [et al.]]
The natural alien : [humankind and environment]
Be more tree : a journey of wisdom, symbols, healing and renewal
Nature and habituation in Aristotle's theory of human development
Co-creation
What makes us environmentally friendly? : social psychological studies on environmental concern, components of morality and emotional connectedness to nature
Fauna and flora in the Middle Ages : studies of the medieval environment and its impact on the human mind ; papers delivered at the International Medieval Congress, Leeds, in 2000, 2001 and 2002
Technological nature : adaptation and the future of human life
Tundra-Taiga biology : human, plant, and animal survival in the Artic
Green nature/human nature : the meaning of plants in our lives
Earth matters : how soil underlies civilization
In Nature Ethics: An Ecofeminist Perspective, Marti Kheel explores the underlying worldview of Onature ethics,O offering an alternative ecofeminist perspective. She focuses on four prominent representatives of holist philosophy: two early conservationists (Theodore Roosevelt and Aldo Leopold) and two contemporary philosophers (Holmes Rolston III, and transpersonal ecologist Warwick Fox). Kheel argues that in directing their moral allegiance to abstract constructs (e.g. Ospecies,O Othe ecosystem,O or Othe transpersonal SelfO) these influential nature theorists represent a masculinist orientation that devalues concern for individual animals. Seeking to heal the divisions among the seemingly disparate movements and philosophies of feminism, animal advocacy, environmental ethics, and holistic health, Kheel proposes an ecofeminist philosophy that underscores the importance of empathy and care for individual beings as well as larger wholes.
Medical anthropology : a biocultural approach
Theorizing animals : re-thinking humanimal relations
How forests think : toward an anthropology beyond the human
Sacred ecology
A new theory for American poetry : democracy, the environment, and the future of imagination
Natives and exotics : [a novel]
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
Animism in rainforest and tundra : personhood, animals, plants and things in contemporary Amazonia and Siberia
Arctic social indicators : ASI II: implementation
Is anthropomorphism a scientific sin? Scientists and animal researchers routinely warn against "animal stories," and contrast rigorous explanations and observation to facile and even fanciful projections about animals. Yet many of us, scientists and researchers included, continue to see animals as humans and humans as animals. As this innovative new collection demonstrates, humans use animals to transcend the confines of self and species; they also enlist them to symbolize, dramatize, and illuminate aspects of humans' experience and fantasy. Humans merge with animals in stories, films, philosophical speculations, and scientific treatises. In their performance with humans on many stages and in different ways, animals move us to think.
Man and nature : an anthropological essay in human ecology
Food and natural produce from Finland's forests during the twentieth century
Nature ethics : an ecofeminist perspective
'Our forest' : ageing, agency and 'connection with nature' in rural Tornedalen, northern Sweden
Monster of God : the man-eating predator in the jungles of history and the mind
Aged 30 Sharon Blackie found herself weeping in the car park of the multinational corporation where she worked, wondering if this was what a nervous breakdown felt like. With a PhD in Psychology she ought to have known. Somewhere along the line she realised she had lost herself. And so began a long winding journey back to authenticity, rootedness in place, and belonging. In this extraordinary book of myth memoir and modern day mentors Blackie faces the wasteland of Western culture, the repression of women, and the devastation of our planet. She boldly names the challenge to reimagine women's place in the world and to rise up firmly rooted in our own native landscapes and the powerful stories and wisdom which spring from them. If Women Rose Rooted offers a haunting heroine's journey for every woman who finds power inspiration and solace in the natural world.
Beauty muse : painting with communion with nature
The art of evolution : Darwin, Darwinisms, and visual culture
Who are we?
Austen's pleasing prospects : nature and landscape improvement in eighteenth century England
The pursuit of ecotopia : lessons from indigenous and traditional societies for the human ecology of our modern world
Arctic social indicators : a follow-up to the Arctic human development report
What is environmental history?
18th century gardening revolution and the nature
Inhuman nature : sociable life on a dynamic planet
Placing animals : an introduction to the geography of human-animal relations
This present moment : new poems
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Princess Mononoke. 1
The elephant whisperer : learning about life, loyalty and freedom from a remarkable herd of elephants
Under Mount Saint Elias : the history and culture of the Yakutat Tlingit. Pt. 2
Values, conflict and the environment
Ecosublime : environmental awe and terror from new world to oddworld
Beyond the lens of conservation : Malagasy and Swiss imaginations of one another
The cry of nature' reveals how humans engaged in the struggle for animal emancipation and examines for the first time the role of visual art in the growth of animal rights. Embracing the lessons of Montaigne, Rousseau, and many others, they proposed that humans and animals have a shared evolutionary heritage of sentience, intelligence and empathy, and deserve equal access to the domain of moral rights. From the mid-eighteenth century a new and more compassionate understanding of animals began to challenge prevailing views. Witnessing the pain and hearing the outcry of the animals massed together in the great cities of Europe, sympathetic writers and artists argued that animals were neither slaves nor automata, and possessed the capacity to feel and even think. Refuting the biblical dispensation of humans' dominion over animals, they contended that animals possessed inalienable rights. Thus was born a global movement that fundamentally changed how we understand our relationship to the natural world.
Spiritual values for earth community
Film landscapes : cinema, environment and visual culture
Talking environment : Vandana Shiva in conversation with Ramin Jahanbegloo
Nature, man, and woman
Sacred ecology : traditional ecological knowledge and resource management
Finnish women sacralizing nature
Plastic green : designing for environmental transformation
Dogs : domestication and the development of a social bond
Of wolves and men
Finland through the lens of my camer: a foreigner's perspective of Finland
Pira piyaw-u zarya = [The old man and the sea]
A love letter to the Earth
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Webern and the transformation of nature
Trees in the life of the Maya world
Environment, subsistence and system : the ecology of small-scale social formations
Animals and sociology
The space of love
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Natural selections : national parks in Atlantic Canada, 1935-1970
Earth Matters describes the importance of soil, the many ways in which we depend on it, and how humans have worked with the soil throughout history. Exploring the reasons for increasing recognition and respect for soil even among town and city dwellers, Bardgett concludes with a look at current efforts to stop widespread soil degradation
Documents for history : life and human destiny
The ringing cedars of Russia
Running free : a runner's journey back to nature
Hope and grief in the anthropocene : re-conceptualising human-nature relations
"Domestic animals have lived with humans for thousands of years and remain essential to the everyday lives of people throughout the world. In this book, Natasha Fijn examines the process of animal domestication in a study that blends biological and social anthropology, ethology, and ethnography. She examines the social behavior of humans and animals in a contemporary Mongolian herding society. After living with Mongolian herding families, Dr. Fijn has observed through firsthand experience both sides of the human-animal relationship. Examining their reciprocal social behavior and communication with one another, she demonstrates how herd animals influence Mongolian herders' lives and how the animals themselves are active partners in the domestication process"--
Animal nation : the true story of animals and Australia
Nature and folklore as a motive power for art
Natural resource use and global change : new interdisciplinary perspectives in social ecology
Áillohaš the shaman-poet and his govadas-image drum : a literary ecology of Nils-Aslak Valkeapää
Interspecies ethics
Perceptions of nature, expressions of nation : an environmental history of Estonia
Community inhabitants' values and benefits in dynamic tropical forest landscapes : participation and spatial analysis in landscape knowledge integration
How to connect with nature
Developing ecofeminist theory : the complexity of difference
Koli National Park: Eden Revisited?
Field notes from a hidden city
Anatomy of an environmental conflict : a case study of the conservation of the Saimaa ringed seal
Philosophy gone wild : essays in environmental ethics
Teaching the animal : the social sciences
The diversity of life
Beyond adventure : reflections from the wilderness : an inner journey
Adventures in the anthropocene : a journey to the heart of the planet we made
If women rose rooted : the power of the Celtic woman
Sustainability in the Sami area : the X-file factor
Trends in Dutch research on worldviews and values regarding forests
Francis Bacon and the seventeenth-century intellectual discourse
Princess Mononoke : first story
Planting seeds : practicing mindfulness with children
Wildlife and society : the science of human dimensions
Dreaming the bear
Spirits of the air : birds and American Indians in the South
Down to earth : nature's role in American history
Landscapes of the human mind : from German romanticism and Finnish national landscape paintings to land art
"Building on recent developments in social ecology, this book advances a new critical theory of society and nature, exploring social metabolism and global resource flows in contemporary society. Charting the historical development of social ecology in the context of environmental research, the book examines the interactions between society and nature and identifies both the barriers to global sustainability and the conditions and best practice for transforming industrial economies towards new sustainable resource use."
Feral : searching for enchantment on the frontiers of rewilding
Nature, culture, and religion at the crossroad of Asia
Human and other animals : critical perspectives
In the light of humane nature : human values, nature, the green economy, and environmental salvation
Human adaptability : an introduction to ecological anthropology
Louv talks with parents, children, teachers, scientists, religious leaders, child-development researchers, and environmentalists to find ways for children to experience the natural world more deeply.
Finnish summary.
"This present moment That lives on To become Long ago." For his first collection of new poems since his celebrated Danger on Peaks, published in 2004, Gary Snyder finds himself ranging over the planet. Journeys to the Dolomites, to the north shore of Lake Tahoe, from Paris and Tuscany to the shrine at Delphi, from Santa Fe to Sella Pass, Snyder lays out these poems as a map of the last decade. Placed side-by-side, they become a path and a trail of complexity and lyrical regard, a sort of riprap of the poet's eighth decade. And in the mix are some of the most beautiful domestic poems of his great career, poems about his work as a homesteader and householder, as a father and husband, as a friend and neighbor. A centerpiece in this collection is a long poem about the death of his beloved, Carole Koda, a rich poem of grief and sorrow, rare in its steady resolved focus on a dying wife, of a power unequaled in American poetry. As a friend is quoted in one of these new poems: "I met the other lately in the far back of a bar, musicians playing near the window and he sweetly told me "listen to that music. The self we hold so dear will soon be gone." " Gary Snyder is one of the greatest American poets of the last century, and This Present Moment shows his command, his broad range, and his remarkable courage. "--
Pandora's seed : the unforeseen cost of civilization
The voice of the infinite in the small : revisioning the insect-human connection
With broadax and firebrand : the destruction of the Brazilian Atlantic forest
Thinking with animals : new perspectives on anthropomorphism
Man in the landscape : a historic view of the esthetics of nature
The long, long life of trees
A natural history of man in Britain : conceived as a study of changing relations between men and environments
"This collection examines human-animal relations and the different ways in which they can be understood, exploring animal rights and animal welfare; whether and under what circumstances animals are regarded as social actors with agency; media representations of human-animal relations; and the relation between animals and national identity"--
Wisdom of trees
In this work, the author, a field biologist explains the rules by which ecosystems thrive, shining light on a set of ecological balancing acts that he calls "green equilibria," rules which keep our world vibrant, verdant, and ecologically intact. To explain the idea of "green equilibrium," he draws on a range of examples, including coral reefs off the densely populated Philippines, the isolated and thickly forested valleys of Papua New Guinea, the changing Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan, and a Californian ranch being allowed to return to a wild state. He travels to Guyana's rainforests and savannahs, for instance, to provide startling vignettes of ecological processes in action. Among other topics, he highlights the snake-head mimicry that swallowtail caterpillars use to scare off predators, the symbiotic relationship between the exceedingly rare Golden Poison-Dart Frog and the tank bromeliad plant, and the invisible world of pathogens and parasites that helps to drive diversity. All these mechanisms, and many more, maintain the "green equilibria" of Guyana's rainforest ecosystems. The author also shows how "green equilibria" have shaped the evolution and history of our own species. We now know that a kind of genetic "green equilibrium" helped populations adapt to changing environmental conditions as they spread out of Africa. Striking new evidence indicates that some modern human populations still carry genes from past hominids (such as the Neanderthals) as well as genetic adaptations to local hazards such as malaria. Traveling to many different ecosystems, from coral reefs to the high Himalayas, and drawing on his own on-the-ground research, the author illuminates ecological laws in action. Perhaps most important, he introduces us to people, in many countries around the world, who are now using this new knowledge to help heal the planet.
Laoren yu hai = The old man and the sea
The native mind and the cultural construction of nature
The new nature writing
Green equilibrium : the vital balance of humans & nature
Rendering nature : animals, bodies, places, politics
Loving and conquering nature : shifting perceptions of the environment in the industrialised Russian North
Our sea : the Baltic Sea in many lights
The re-enchantment of nature : science, religion and the human sense of wonder
The wholeness of nature : Goethe's way toward a science of conscious participation in nature
Life in the borderland forests : the takeover of nature and its social organization in North Karelia
Last child in the woods : saving our children from nature-deficit disorder
To a god unknown
The old man and the sea
The book of kin
Wellness by loving Nature
Nature in the city : remembrances and modern practices
Rationality & nature : a sociological inquiry into a changing relationship
Natural potency and political power : forests and state authority in contemporary Laos
The book of storms
