http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16316 tolerance (physical)
tolerance (physical)
Rise : a psychological and practical first-aid kit for overcoming adversity
Counting, clocking, and colouring : fault-tolerant distributed coordination
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
Social Service Entrepreneurship As a Context for Entrepreneurial Activity
Social-ecological resilience and law
Social carrying capacity of canoeists in Austria's Danube Floodplains National Park
Leap year : how to make big decisions, be more resilient and change your life for good
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Developing resilience : a cognitive-behavioural approach
Community destination management in developing economies
Resilience and adaptation strategies of rural livelihoods in Tonle Sap area, Cambodia
Economies of abandonment : social belonging and endurance in late liberalism
Cardiovascular autonomic function in coronary artery disease patients with and without type 2 diabetes : significance of physical activity and exercise capacity
Resilience and the behavior of large-scale systems
Search for molecular mechanisms related to Zn accumulation and tolerance in Thlaspi caerulescens
Ordinary magic : resilience in development
Improving robustness and disposability of integrated Young interferometer sensors for portable diagnostics
Salinity effects in Eucalyptus camaldulensis and Combretum quadrangulare : ecophysiological and morphological studies
Community resilience and environmental transitions
Power and restructuring : Canada's coastal society and environment
Effects of badminton training on sedentary women's physical condition
Resilience thinking : sustaining ecosystems and people in a changing world
"From a pioneering researcher, this book synthesizes the best current knowledge on resilience in children and adolescents. Ann S. Masten explores what allows certain individuals to thrive and adapt despite adverse circumstances, such as poverty, chronic family problems, or exposure to trauma. Coverage encompasses the neurobiology of resilience as well as the role of major contexts of development: families, schools, and culture. Identifying key protective factors in early childhood and beyond, Masten provides a cogent framework for designing programs to promote resilience. Complex concepts are carefully defined and illustrated with real-world examples"--
Why does the other line always move faster? : the myths and misery, secrets and psychology of waiting in line
Search for metal-responsive genes in plants : putative roles in metal tolerance of accumulation
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
Handbook on climate change and human security
The Promise of Pop-Up Entrepreneurship Towards Temporality And Ambidexterity On Entrepreneuring
The manager's handbook for business security
COPING WITH ILLNESS & SPECIFIC CONDITIONS. 'A week after my 50th birthday and just as our family was about to move home, something happened that changed the way I looked at life. I spoke to others about how they rebuilt their shattered worlds after very different personal traumas, emerging stronger than before. I hope our experiences, together with the latest science on resilience, will help guide all those going through tough times. This book says that it's possible not just to survive them, but to thrive. To rise.' Renowned as a much-loved and highly respected journalist and broadcaster with thirty years' experience, Sian Williams has studied the impact of acute stress for many years and is also a trained trauma assessor. In RISE, she explores the science of resilience and growth after trauma, offers advice from the experts, and learns from those who have emerged from horrific experiences, feeling changed yet stronger, with a new perspective on their life, their relationships and their work.
Building community resilience from post-disaster recovery : a case study from the Philippines
Aktual'nye aspekty problemy tolerantnosti v sovremennom mire : materialy meždunarodnoj naučno-praktičeskoj konferencii = Actual aspects of tolerance in the modern world : international science-practical conference materials
Resilience in children
Characterization of actinobacteria degrading and tolerating organic pollutants
A slap in the face : why insults hurt - and why they shouldn't
Effects of added endurance or strength training on cardiovascular and neuromuscular performance of conscripts during the 8-week basic training period
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
"In Economies of Abandonment, Elizabeth A. Povinelli explores how late liberal imaginaries of tense, eventfulness, and ethical substance make the global distribution of life and death, hope and harm, and endurance and exhaustion not merely sensible but also just. She presents new ways of conceptualizing formations of power in late liberalis - the shape that liberal governmentality has taken as it has responded to a series of legitimacy crises in the wake of anticolonial and new social movements and, more recently, the "clash of civilizations" after September 11. Based on longstanding ethnographic work in Australia and the United States, as well as critical readings of legal, academic, and activist texts, Povinelli examines how alternative social worlds and projects generate new possibilities of life in the context of ordinary and extraordinary acts of neglect and surveillance. She focuses particularly on social projects that have not yet achieved a concrete existence but persist at the threshold of possible existence. By addressing the question of the endurance, let alone the survival, of alternative forms of life, Povinelli opens new ethical and political questions"--Back cover.
Foundations of ecological resilience
Social resilience and civic entrepreneurship in self-help organizations : case study of the Kibera slum project
Culture savvy : working and collaborating across the globe
Disaster resilience : an integrated approach
Handbook of adult resilience
