http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1635 manganese
manganese
Trace elements in terrestrial environments : biogeochemistry, bioavailability, and risks of metals
20th Century Boys 13 : beginning of the end
Neon Genesis Evangelion : Shinji Ikari Detective Diary 1
His favorite. Volume 8
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 9. Diamond generation
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 1 : Endless wilderness
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 3.
Attack on titan : Junior high. 3
Finnish fandom of Japanese popular culture : what are the Finns doing for anime, manga, and J-rock?
Totally captivated. Vol. 6
Nutrient elements in grassland : soil-plant-animal relationships
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 5 : The dancing chefs
Earl and the Fairy 1.
Recovery and refining of manganese as by-product from hydrometallurgical processes
Domyoji Tsukasa is as jealous as ever with the arrival of Thomas while lurid and embarassing photos emerge of Tsukushi and Thomas emerge. / WorldCat.
Monster Musume : everyday life with monster girls. 7
Response of "Anna" apple trees to foliar sprays of chelated iron, manganese and zinc
Dinuclear manganese complexes for artificial photosynthesis : synthesis and properties
Shakespeare's Macbeth : the manga edition
Boys over flowers. 4 = Hana yori dango. 4
Future Diary 6.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 6 : Memories of battle
Showa 1926-1939 : a history of Japan
Tsukushi continues to fight back against the F4 and protect an old friend. / WorldCat.
Kyoshiro, a peaceful, traveling medicine peddler, shares the same body with Demon Eyes Kyo, the legendary killer of a thousand men. Kyo's personality only emerges when Kyoshiro's life is threatened, which has been quite often lately. Kyoshiro is also the captive of Yuya, a beautiful bounty hunter looking to collect on Kyo's reward, but with another secret mission of her own. Two strangers united by fate - each offers the other the best chance of unraveling their past / WorldCat.
Boys over flowers. 2 = Hana yori dango. 2
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 7.
Astro Boy omnibus. 1
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 6
Boys over flowers. 8 = Hana yori dango. 8
Mangatopia : essays on manga and anime in the modern world
Tsukuski's life becomes even more complicated when she accidently shares a kiss with Domyoji at a summer party and he brags to everyone in school that she is in love with him. / WorldCat.
Mineral nutrition and plant disease
Totally captivated. Vol. 5
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 6 / [translation Alexis Kirsch] ; [English adaptation Matt Segale]
Computational studies of chemical looping combustion materials and CO2 activating surfaces
Demon Sacred Volume 2.
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan. 5
Boys over flowers. 9 = Hana yori dango. 9
Boys over flowers. 7 = Hana yori dango. 7
Yasuke, 15 years old, is about to build up the courage to confess his love to his childhood friend Akari, who’s fallen for him, too. There’s just one problem: Yasuke’s family lives in a Japanese shrine, and when he breaks the shrine’s sacred mirror, it triggers a curse, releasing the cute and well-endowed goddess of misfortune, Orihime, into the real world! Now Yasuke can’t ever be out of Orihime’s sight—if he gets too far away, he dies, and can only be brought back to life with a quick kiss from Orihime!
Trace elements solubilization in waste-amended saline-sodic conditions
Boys over flowers. 6 = Hana yori dango. 6
In clothes called fat
Totally captivated. Vol. 4
Kyoshiro Mibu is a carefree, somewhat inept medicine peddler who does his best to stay out of trouble, but when he draws his sword he becomes the infamous samurai Demon Eyes Kyo, killer of a thousand men, and all hell breaks lose [sic]. But what would happen if their positions were reversed? Kyoshiro's latest adversaries, the fearsome Three Color Gang and their employer Genma Kidou, have been making life quite difficult for our hero. It's almost as if they are more interested in Kyo than the treasure they claim to be after. Kyoshiro has managed to fend off two members of the Three Color Gang without drawing his sword, but his foes grow impatient. For the final battle against the deadly White Crow, Lord Genma has taken measures to ensure that Demon Eyes Kyo will be unleashed / WorldCat.
Mechanisms of forest response to acidic deposition
Abstract: Use of ozone and hydrogen peroxide in groundwater purification.
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels
Manufacturing, mechanical properties and corrosion behaviour of high-Mn TWIP steels  Atef Saad Hamada
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 11. The sun always rises
The effects of Fe(III) and other alternative electron acceptors on methane biogeochemistry in boreal lake sediments
Sasuke realizes that he and Kyo share more than murderous intent in their eyes ... they both wield the same Muramasa sword. Soon the two engage in a brutal test to see who owns the true 'Tenro' sword fabled to have slain thousands. And while the competition heats up, emerging from the shadows is a ferocious foe from Kyo's past: Bikara, one of the generals from the battle of Sekigahara / WorldCat.
20th century boys 11 : list of ingredients
20th Century Boys 21 : arrival of the space aliens
20th century boys 17 : Cross-counter
Attack on titan : Junior high. 2
Determination of plant-available manganese in Finnish soils
Flowers of Evil Vol. 1.
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 9.
Boys over flowers. 1 = Hana yori dango. 1
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 8. Pour your heart into it
Effects of aluminium, iron and manganese on nutrition and growth of tree seedlings
Morphological characterization of neuronal  and non-neuronal phenotypes of the human  neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cell line
Punch up!. Volume 4
The disappearance of Nagato Yuki-chan. 7
The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi-Chan 01.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 7 : Wolf pack
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 6.
Say I love you. 7
The unconventional teacher and his peers : analyzing the educational ideologies of the teachers in Tohru Fujisawa's Great Teacher Onizuka manga
Internal structure and geochemical properties of spheroidal ferromanganese concretions of the Baltic Sea
Boys over flowers. 5 = Hana yori dango. 5
Boys over flowers. 10 = Hana yori dango. 10
Nutritional bioavailability of manganese
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 4 : Resemblances
Earl and the Fairy 3.
Future Diary 4.
In 1604, a beautiful bounty hunter named Yuya Shina enlists the help of Mibu Kyoshiro, a traveling medicine seller, in capturing a gang of wanted criminals, which leads to Kyoshiro's exposure as Demon Eye Kyo, a terrible warrior of unspeakable power that was nicknamed "the unconquerable" during the civil war four years earlier / WorldCat.
Earl and the Fairy 2.
Showa 1944-1953 : a history of Japan
Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet : the manga edition
The Story of Lee v. 1.
Say I love you. 8
Manganese in soils and plants : proceedings of the International symposium on "Manganese in soils and plants" held at the Waite Agricultural Research Institute, the University of Adelaide, Glen Osmond, South Australia, August 22-26, 1988 as an Australian bicentennial event
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 3, The perfect resette
Tsukushi and Rui kiss on the beach and are caught by Tsukasa. Now, Tsukasa will do anything in his power to punish them. He orders Tsukushi never speak to him again and kicks Rui out of the F4. Not even his sister, back from America, can change his mind. / WorldCat.
As the trouble continues to take root in the Sea of Trees a mysterious ninja from Sasuke's past sprouts out and literally stops Kyo and the band dead in their tracks with a ninja shadow technique. But nothing can really hold this dynamite group for long and they soon decide to head toward the ominous "Hell's Gate" where Kyo is about to let it all break loose / WorldCat.
Photoinhibition of photosystem II : kinetics, photoprotection and mechanism
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 3 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
Fabrication, electrical characterization and 1/f noise study of submicron-sized superconducting tunnel junctions
Earl and the Fairy 4.
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 1 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 4.
His favorite. Volume 7
In order to avoid expulsion, Rui and Tsukushi must defeat the F4 in a basketball game. Then, Tsubaki forces Tsukushi and Rui to spend the night together alone, and Tsukushi finds out that Rui is unable to get over Shizuka. / WorldCat.
20th Century Boys 15 : expo hurray
Totally captivated. Vol. 1
20th Century Boys 10 : faceless boy
Tsukushi Makino is accepted into the prestigious, Eitoku Academy, but her life changes when the F4 decides she should be bullied. / WorldCat.
20th Century Boys 14 : boy and a dream
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 2 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
Moon and Blood 1.
Forest of the Damned, Aokigahara, the forest at the base of Mt. Fuji, is said to be home to bloodthirsty monsters; no mortal man dare walk these woods. But today Aokigahara has become quite crowded. Demon Eyes Kyo is here in search of his body, as are his greatest enemies, The Master and the 12 God Shoguns. The stakes are higher, the combatants deadlier, and blood will be shed this day / WorldCat.
Say I love you. 9
Future Diary 5.
Food wars! : Shokugeki no soma. 2 : Ice queen and the Spring storm
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 2.
Secretion of ligninolytic enzymes and mineralization of 14C-ring-labelled synthetic lignin by three Phlebia tremellosa strains
20th century boys 16 : Beyond the looking glass
Attack on titan : Junior high. 1
Attack on titan : Junior high. 4
Demon Sacred Volume 1.
Future Diary 3.
The Disappearance of Nagato Yuki-Chan v. 1
A spin-off series to the number one bestseller in Japan. Eren and Mikasa enter a new school-- Titan Junior High! However, Eren's hated Titans for years-- can he get along with his new (harmless?) classmates? Featuring all of the characters from the main series as you've never seen them before
Higurashi When They Cry : Demon Exposing Arc
Boys over flowers. 3 = Hana yori dango. 3
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya 10.
Could Tsukushi Makino really fall under Tsukasa Domyoji's spell? Desire and jealously walk hand in hand as the crazed Tsukasa seeks revenge on behalf of Tsukushi. / WorldCat.
Dynamics of P, Fe and Mn along a depth gradient in the SW Baltic Sea
Tsukasa returns to Japan news of Kinsan's identity, but Tsukushi has trouble accepting the truth. When Kinsan invites Tsukushi to a party and declares his intentions toward her, Tsukasa makes a scene. Plus, Tsukasa comes up with a plan to help Tsukushi make money. / WorldCat.
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
20th Century Boys 12 : Friend's face
Soil acidity and plant growth
Sakura Hime 1 : The Legend of Princess Sakura
Microbes regulate metal and nutrient cycling in Fe-Mn concretions of the Gulf of Finlands
Shakespeare's Hamlet : the manga edition
Totally captivated. Vol. 2
Food wars : Shokugeki no soma. 10. Conditions for battle
Angel sanctuary. Vol. 4 / [English adaptation Marv Wolfman]
Element concentrations in wild edible mushrooms in Finland
Totally captivated. Vol. 3
Born into a middle class family and considered poor compared to her wealthy classmates, typical teenager Tsukushi Makino deals with life, love, and new classmates after she is accepted into the prestigious Eitoku academy. / WorldCat.
