http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p163 query languages
query languages
Data analysis using SQL and Excel
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 2 : keynote
Serving sophisticated ad hoc information needs based on beforehand unknown, autonomous, and heterogeneous XML data sources
Pro LINQ : language integrated Query in C# 2010
Utilizing context in weighting of XML elements for information retrieval
Inside Microsoft SQL server 2000.
SQL : 1999 : understanding erlational language components
The art of SQL
SQL performance tuning
Oracle PL/SQL : interactive workbook
Using derived types in discovering and analysing semantic associations
A client/server based bank savings management system
jQuery 2 recipies : a problem-solution approach
SQL Server 2005 : management and Administration
An advanced course in database systems : beyond relational databases
Beginning database design solutions
Grammatical approach to XML information retrieval query languages
Professional SQL Server development with Access 2000
SQL for dummies
Understanding relational database query languages
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2012 programming
PHP & MySQL in easy steps
A guide to the standard database language provides information on ways to create, access, and manipulate data and introduces such concepts as data modeling, query tuning, and optimization.
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 analysis services
SQL Server 7 : administration level 1.
On a visual approach of querying the CASE repository
Oracle SQL developer handbook
Database processing : fundamentals, design & implementation
High performance MySQL
SQL : clearly explained
Integration of complex objects and transitive relationships for information retrieval
SQL in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Discovering SQL : a hands-on guide for beginners
Logical extensions of relational databases
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-433) : Microsoft® SQL Server® 2008 : database development
The language of SQL
Programming languages : concepts and constructs
Oracle PL/SQL by example
Pro LINQ object relational mapping in C# 2008
SQL in a nutshell
Gallery markup and query language specification
SQL : the structured query language
Pro Oracle SQL
Data mining with Microsoft SQL server 2008
ADO.NET and system.Xml v.2.0 : the beta version
Practical SQL queries for Microsoft SQL server 2008 R2
SQL performance explained : everything developers need to know about SQL performance
PostgreSQL 9 administration cookbook : solve real-world PostgreSQL problems with over 100 simple yet incredibly effective recipes
The practical SQL handbook : using SQL variants
Beginning T-SQL with Microsoft SQL server 2005 and 2008
Microsoft SQL server 2008 all-in-one desk reference for dummies(r)
Modeling semistructured data by the adjacency model
High performance MySQL : optimization, backups, replication and load balancing
Pro ADO.NET with VB.NET 1.1
Learning jQuery : a hands-on guide to building rich interactive web front ends
Get a fundamental perspective on how jQuery works, how to understand, select, and build your own plug-ins, and how to make sure your projects run at the peak of their potential performance using Practical jQuery today.
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 3 : keynote
Mike Meyer's certification passport : Java 2 : exam 310-025
Semantic Web and Peer-to-peer : decentralized management and exchange of knowledge and information
Beginning SQL Server 2000 for VB developers
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
Xquery : the XML Query Language
Professional Microsoft SQL server 2008 programming
Query D : the query language of system D
SQL and relational theory : how to write accurate SQL code
Inside Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : T-SQL Querying
A query method based on intensional concept definition
Constructor-oriented query processing strategy for NF[sup 2] relational queries. Part 1, Implementation on top of a relational database
Introduction to SQL : mastering the relational database language
Inside Microsoft SQL Server 2005 : the storage engine
Relational Database Design Clearly Explained
Beginning PHP6, Apache, MySQL® Web Development
MySQL : language reference
SQL injection attacks and defense
Beginning SQL server 2008 for developers : from novice to professional
Programming reactive extensions and LINQ
MySQL clustering
Learning PHP, MySQL, JavaScript, and CSS
Sams teach yourself SQL in 24 hours
Beginning Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Administration
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 1 : keynote
SQL : the complete reference
Introduction. Book I: SQL Concepts. Chapter 1: Understanding Relational Databases. Chapter 2: Modeling a System. Chapter 3: Getting to Know SQL. Chapter 4: SQL and the Relational Model. Chapter 5: Knowing the Major Components of SQL. Chapter 6: Drilling Down to the SQL Nitty-Gritty. Book II: Relational Database Development. Chapter 1: System Development Overview. Chapter 2: Building a Database Model. Chapter 3: Balancing Performance and Correctness. Chapter 4: Creating a Database with SQL. Book III: SQL Queries. Chapter 1: Values, Variables, Functions, and Expressions. Chapter 2: SELECT Statements and Modifying Clauses. Chapter 3: Querying Multiple Tables with Subqueries. Chapter 4: Querying Multiple Tables with Relational Operators. Chapter 5: Cursors. Book IV: Data Security. Chapter 1: Protecting Against Hardware Failure and External Threats. Chapter 2: Protecting Against User Errors and Conflicts. Chapter 3: Assigning Access Privileges. Chapter 4: Error Handling. Book V: SQL and Programming. Chapter 1: Database Development Environments. Chapter 2: Interfacing SQL to a Procedural Language. Chapter 3: Using SQL in an Application Program. Chapter 4: Designing a Sample Application. Chapter 5: Building an Application. Chapter 6: Understanding SQL's Procedural Capabilities. Chapter 7: Connecting SQL to a Remote Database. Book VI: SQL and XML. Chapter 1: Using XML with SQL. Chapter 2: Storing XML Data in SQL Tables. Chapter 3: Retrieving Data from XML Documents. Book VII: Database Tuning Overview. Chapter 1: Tuning the Database. Chapter 2: Tuning the Environment. Chapter 3: Finding and Eliminating Bottlenecks. Book VIII: Appendices. Appendix A: SQL:2008 Reserved Words. Appendix B: Glossary. Index.
SQL server 2008 administration instant reference
MySQL pocket reference
Application development with object databases
Pro Access 2010 development
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
RXQL: an SQL-like query language for selecting, harmonizing, and aggregating data from heterogeneous XML data sources
Oracle Database 11g & MySQL 5.6 : developer handbook
The definitive guide to DAX : business intelligence with Microsoft Excel, SQL Server analysis services, and Power BI
Constructor-oriented query processing strategy for NF[sup 2] relational queries. Part 2, Implementation based on constructor-oriented representations of NF[sup 2] relations
Discovering of semantic associations
PHP and MySQL : for dynamic Web sites
Learning SQL
SQL Server 7 : administration level 2.
Describing the structure and contents of a database using XML
Effective MySQL : optimizing SQL statements
Pro LINQ : language integrated query in C# 2008
Oracle database 11g SQL
Joe Celko's SQL for smarties : advanced SQL programming
Programming Microsoft LINQ
SQL for MySQL developers : a comprehensive tutorial and reference
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
Head first SQL
Beginning VB 2008 databases : from novice to professional
Teach yourself MySQL in 21 days
A study on second language learning at an adult age : with focus on learner strategies
jQuery hotshot : ten practical projects that exercise your skill, build your confidence, and help you master jQuery
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 4 : keynote
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 2 : keynote
Simply SQL
LINQ to objects using C# 4.0 : using and extending LINQ to objects and parallel LINQ (PLINQ)
SQL all-in-one for dummies
Microsoft access 2010 : 24-hour trainer
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 integration services
SQL Server 7 : administration level 3.
"Need to move a relational database application to Hadoop? This comprehensive guide introduces you to Apache Hive, Hadoop's data warehouse infrastructure. You'll quickly learn how to use Hive's SQL dialect- Hive QL- to summarize, query, and analyze large datasets stored in Hadoop's distributed filesystem. This example-driven guide shows you how to set up and configure Hive in your environment, provides detailed overview of Hadoop and MapReduce, and demonstrates how Hive works within the Hadoop ecosystem. You'll also find real-world case studies that describe how companies have used Hive to solve unique problems involving petabyes of data."--P. [4] of cover.
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 1 : keynote
Natural language communication with pictorial information systems
Introduction to SQL
Professional ADO.NET 3.5 with Linq and the Entity Framework
Query language approach based on application specific concepts
Analysing log data with Perl and SQL
AdSchema : a schema for semistructured data
Administering Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 4 : keynote
XML and PHP
SQL queries for mere mortals : a hands-on guide to data manipulation in SQL
Abstract.
Introduction to data technologies
Expert PL/SQL practices : for Oracle developers and DBAs
Introduction to structured query language version 4.66
"Learn powerful techniques for surfacing and delivering actionable business intelligence using SQL. Practical SQL Queries for Microsoft&#x02bc; SQL Server&#x02bc; 2008 R2 contains more than 400 downloadable SQL queries you can use to extract meaningful insights from large amounts of data. The application, syntax, and results of each query are described in detail. The book emphasizes SQL for use in SSMS, but the queries also apply to SSRS, SSIS, WinForms, WebForms, and many other applications"--
Intensional concept theory and its applications in databases
A guide to the SQL standard : a user's guide to the standard database language SQL
A developer's guide to SQL server 2005
Query language approach for next generation information systems
Spatial data on the Web : modeling and management
Implementing Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 : level 3 : keynote
MCTS self-paced training kit (exam 70-516) : accessing data with Microsoft .NET Framework 4
Questionnaires in second language research : construction, administration, and processing
A concept-oriented data modeling and query language approach to next generation information systems
Defensive database programming with SQL server
Get students straight to the point of database processing. Database Processing reflects a new teaching method that gets students straight to the point with its thorough and modern presentation of database processing fundamentals. The thirteenth edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the latest software.
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 reporting services
