http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16332 mental care
mental care
Sex and seclusion, class and custody : perspectives on gender and class in the history of British and Irish psychiatry
Recognition, comorbidity and outcome of bipolar disorders in psychiatric care
Is mental illness – or madness – at root an illness of the body, a disease of the mind, or a sickness of the soul? Should those who suffer from it be secluded from society or integrated more fully into it? This Way Madness Lies explores the meaning of mental illness through the successive incarnations of the institution that defined it: the madhouse, designed to segregate its inmates from society; the lunatic asylum, which intended to restore the reason of sufferers by humane treatment; and the mental hospital, which reduced their conditions to diseases of the brain. Rarely seen photographs and illustrations drawn from the archives of mental institutions in Europe and the U.S. illuminate and reinforce the compelling narrative, while extensive ‘gallery’ sections present revealing and thought-provoking artworks by asylum patients and other artists from each era of the institution and beyond.
Recognition, comorbidity, and outcome of DSM-IV bipolar I and II disorders in psychiatric care
Institutionalizing the insane in nineteenth-century England
Planning care in mental health nursing
The regulation of madness : the origins of incarceration in France
The last 40 years has seen a significant shift from state commitment to asylum-based mental health care to a mixed economy of care in a variety of locations. In the wake of this deinstitutionalisation, attention to date has focussed on users and providers of care. The consequences for the idea and fabric of the psychiatric asylum have remained 'stones unturned'. This book address an enduring yet under-examined question: what has become of the asylum? Focussing on the 'recycling' of both the idea of the psychiatric asylum and its sites, buildings and landscapes, this book makes theoretical connections to current trends in mental health care and to ideas in cultural/urban geography. The process of closing asylums and how asylums have survived in specific contexts and markets is assessed and consideration given to the enduring attraction of asylum and its repackaging as well as to retained mental health uses on former asylum sites, new uses on former sites, and interpretations of the derelict psychiatric asylum. The key questions examined are the challenges posed in seeking new uses for former asylums, the extent to which re-use can transcend stigma yet sustain memory and how location is critical in shaping the future of asylum and asylum sites.
Exhibiting madness in museums : remembering psychiatry through collections and display
Madness explained : psychosis and human nature
Role relations in the mental health professions
Promotion of mental health
Insanity and the lunatic asylum in the nineteenth century
Selecting effective treatments : a comprehensive, systematic guide to treating adult mental disorders
Madness: A History is a thorough and accessible account of madness from antiquity to modern times, offering a large-scale yet nuanced picture of mental illness and its varieties in western civilization. The book opens by considering perceptions and experiences of madness starting in Biblical times, Ancient history and Hippocratic medicine to the Age of Enlightenment, before moving on to developments from the late 18th century to the late 20th century and the Cold War era. Petteri Pietikainen looks at issues such as 18th century asylums, the rise of psychiatry, the history of diagnoses, the experiences of mental health patients, the emergence of neuroses, the impact of eugenics, the development of different treatments, and the late 20th century emergence of anti-psychiatry and the modern malaise of the worried well. The book examines the history of madness at the different levels of micro-, meso- and macro: the social and cultural forces shaping the medical and lay perspectives on madness, the invention and development of diagnoses as well as the theories and treatment methods by physicians, and the patient experiences inside and outside of the mental institution.Drawing extensively from primary records written by psychiatrists and accounts by mental health patients themselves, it also gives readers a thorough grounding in the secondary literature addressing the history of madness. An essential read for all students of the history of mental illness, medicine and society more broadly.
Madness and democracy : the modern psychiatric universe
Gerontologic nursing
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
In this account of an anthropologist's journey into Indian psychiatry wards, among women with mental illnesses and the loved ones who care for them, Sarah Pinto responds to ethical crises in caregiving with attention to culture, gender, and the globalized worlds of Indian women.
Abstract: Care without coercion - a utopia? : alternatives to coercion in health and care : conference report from the Nordic conference in Vaasa 20-22 June 2011.
Men in caring occupations : doing gender differently
Madness : a brief history
Daughters of Parvati : women and madness in contemporary India
Values and psychiatric diagnosis
The afterlives of the psychiatric asylum : recycling concepts, sites and memories
Madness : a history
International journal of psychiatric nursing research
The confinement of the insane : international perspectives, 1800-1965
Simulation as learning method in teaching nurse students in mental health care studies
The boundaries between mental, social and physical order and various states of disorder – unexpected mood swings, fury, melancholy, stress, insomnia, and demonic influence – form the core of this compilation. For medieval men and women, religious rituals, magic, herbs, dietary requirements as well as to scholastic medicine were a way to cope with the vagaries of mental wellbeing; the focus of the articles is on the interaction and osmosis between lay and elite cultures as well as medical, theological and political theories and practical experiences of daily life. Time span of the volume is the later Middle Ages, c. 1300-1500. Geographically it covers Western Europe and the comparison between Mediterranean world and Northern Europe is an important constituent.
This way madness lies : the asylum and beyond
Religion and spirituality in psychiatry
The inner world of American psychiatry, 1890-1940 : selected correspondence
Use of psychiatric and psychological instruments in Finland : schizophrenia and related psychoses
