http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1630 psycholinguistics
psycholinguistics
Slips of the tongue and language production
Semantics : a cognitive account of linguistic meaning
Gesture and the dynamic dimension of language : essays in honor of David McNeill
The categorization of spatial entities in language and cognition
Perspectives on sentence processing
Understanding operating instructions : a study of the language from a psycholinguistic point of view
The language instinct
Orality and literacy : the technologizing of the word
Bilingualism : the sociopragmatic-psycholinguistic interface
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
Psycholinguistics : an introduction to research and theory
From mental imagery to spatial cognition and language : essays in honour of Michel Denis
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
Psycholinguistics. Part III, [Recognition and comprehension (continued)]
Discourse as data : a guide for analysis
Psycholinguistics. Part V, [Representation]
Reading in the brain : the new science of how we read
Psycholinguistic approaches to meaning and understanding across languages
Talk, talk, talk : investigation into the mystery of speech
This volume brings together cutting-edge experimental research from leaders in the fields of linguistics and psycholinguistics to explore the nature of a phenomenon that has long been central to syntactic theory - 'island effects'. The chapters in this volume draw upon recent methodological advances in experimental methods in syntax, also known as 'experimental syntax', to investigate the underlying cognitive mechanisms that give rise to island effects. This volume presents a comprehensive empirical review of a contemporary debate in the field by including contributions from researchers representing a variety of points of view on the nature of island effects. This book is ideal for students and researchers interested in cutting-edge experimental techniques in linguistics, psycholinguistics and psychology.
Progress in the psychology of language. Vol. 2
The cultural memory of language
"Common Sense and Ethics Dialogue has become a central theoretical concept in human and social sciences as well as in professions such as education, health, and psychotherapy. This 'dialogical turn' emphasizes the importance of social relations and interaction to our behaviour and how we make sense of the world; hence the Dialogical Mind is the mind in interaction with others - with individuals, groups, institutions, and cultures in historical perspectives. Through a combination of rigorous theoretical work and empirical investigation, Markova presents an ethics of dialogicality as an alternative to the narrow perspective of individualism and cognitivism that has traditionally dominated the field of social psychology"--
Actual minds, possible worlds
Broca's region
The perspective structure in the verbal flow
The articulate mammal : an introduction to psycholinguistics
Dynamicity in emotion concepts
What's in a name? : an essay in the psychology of reference
Talking minds : the study of language in cognitive science
Language and communication
Cognition, language and aging
Cognitive individual differences in second language processing and acquisition
Neurolinguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives on SLA
Methodological and analytic frontiers in lexical research
Thought and language
The representation and processing of compound words
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 2, Ethnography of speaking-mamfe languages
Talking about troubles in conversation
Psycholinguistics. Part VI, [Development, Other topics : animals, evolution, and language and thought]
Language in thinking : selected readings
"The study of language, culture, and cognition has become increasingly fragmented into separate disciplines and paradigms. This volume aims to re-establish dialogue between cognitive linguists and linguistic anthropologists with 11 original papers on language, culture and cognition, and an editorial introduction. It demonstrates that cognitively-informed perspectives can contribute to a better understanding of social, cultural, and historical phenomena, and argues that cognitive theories are relevant to linguistic anthropology.
Psycholinguistics : an introduction to the psychology of language
Progress in the psychology of language. Vol. 1
Directions in psycholinguistics
Psycholinguistic studies in language processing
Local literacies : theory and practice
Understanding psychology
Measuring L2 proficiency : perspectives from SLA
Developmental psycholinguistics and communication disorders
Lexical access in speech production
Life sentences : aspects of the social role of language
Cognitive models of speech processing : psycholinguistic and computational perspectives on the lexicon
Linguistic complexity and text comprehension : readability issues reconsidered
Experimental syntax and island effects
Language and the mind
The Development of Translation Competence: Theories and Methodologies from Psycholinguistics and Cognitive Science presents cutting-edge research in translation studies from perspectives in psycholinguistics and cognitive science in order to provide a better understanding of translation and the development of linguistic competence that translators need to be effective professionals. It presents original theories and empirical tests that have significant implications for advancing the field of translation studies and what researchers know about the development of linguistic competence.
Psycholinguistics : central topics
Language in interaction : studies in honor of Eve V. Clark
Positive psychology in SLA
Perspectives on Arabic linguistics XX : papers from the twentieth annual Symposium on Arabic Linguistics, Kalamazoo, Michigan, March 2006
Theoretical semics
The language instinct : the new science of language and mind
Words in the mind : an introduction to the mental lexicon
Introduction to psycholinguistics : understanding language science
Mental models as representations of discourse and text
Social contexts of messages
Tracking the time course of language understanding in aphasia
Age, accent, and experience in second language acquisition : an integrated approach to critical period inquiry
Incremental sentence generation : a computer model of grammatical encoding
The bilingualism reader
Revision : cognitive and instructional processes
The dialogical mind : common sense and ethics
Experiments at the interfaces
Sensuous cognition : explorations into human sentience: imagination, (e)motion and perception
From Whorf to Montague : explorations in the theory of language
English summaries.
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
Multidisciplinary approaches to language production
Proceedings of the fifth annual meeting of the Berkeley Linguistics Society, 17 - 19 february, 1979
""I can't even speak my own language," were the words overheard in a collage staffroom that triggered the writing of this book. Calling something 'my own' implies a personal, proprietorial relationship with it. But how can it be your own if you cannot speak it? The Cultural Memory of Language looks at unintended monolingualism - a lack of language fluency in a migratory cultural situation where two or more languages exist at 'home'. It explores family history and childhood language acquisition and attrition. What is the present everday experience of language use and life between two cultures? Examining interview data, Samata uncovers a sense of inauthenticity felt by people who do not fully share a parent's first language. Alongside this features a sense of concurrent anger, and a need to assign blame. Participation in the language, even to the extent of phatic or formulaic phraseology, occasions feelings of authentic linguistic and cultural inclusion. The book thus uncovers appreciable (and measurable) benefits in positive self-image and a sense of well-being. Looking at how people view language is essential - how they view the language they call their own is even more important and this book does just that in a qualified applied linguistic environment"--
Psychology of language and thought : essays on the theory and history of psycholinguistics
Verbal Judo : the gentle art of persuasion
Introducing multimodality
Psycholinguistics : the key concepts
Figurative language comprehension : social and cultural influences
Creating language : integrating evolution, acquisition, and processing
Introduction to psycholinguistics
Cognitive aspects of bilingualism
Studies of language, thought and verbal communication
Cooperating with written texts : the pragmatics and comprehension of written texts
From models to modules : studies in cognitive science from the McGill workshops
Memory, meaning & method : a view of language teaching
Perspectives on Arabic linguistics XXI : papers from the twenty-firsth annual Symposium on Arabic Linguistics, Provo, Utah, March 2007
Psychological linguistics
On message structure : a framework for the study of language and communication
Relations between language and memory : organization, representation, and processing
On the development of language production mechanisms
Cognitive foundations of interpretation : proceedings of the Colloquium, 27-28 October, 2004
Modeling bilingualism from structure to chaos : in honor of Kees de Bot
Linguistic structure in language processing
Parsing with principles and classes of information
The importance of semantics : visual world studies on drawing inferences and resolving anaphors
How do we manage to speak and understand language? How do children acquire these skills and how does the brain support them? This book provides a fascinating personal history of the men and women whose intelligence, brilliant insights, fads, fallacies, cooperations, and rivalries created the discipline we call psycholinguistics.
Twenty-first century psycholinguistics : four cornerstones
Encoding emotions in African languages
Bilingual sentence processing
Approaches to language, culture, and cognition : the intersection of cognitive linguistics and linguistic anthropology
Readings in the psychology of language
Age-related changes in cognitive and language functions have been extensively researched over the past half-century. The older adult represents a unique population for studying cognition and language because of the many challenges that are presented with investigating this population, including individual differences in education, life experiences, health issues, social identity, as well as gender. The purpose of this book is to provide an advanced text that considers these unique challenges and assembles in one source current information regarding (a) language in the aging population and (b) current theories accounting for age-related changes in language function. A thoughtful and comprehensive review of current research spanning different disciplines that study aging will achieve this purpose. Such disciplines include linguistics, psychology, sociolinguistics, neurosciences, cognitive sciences, and communication sciences.
Psycholinguistics : a survey of theory and research problems : report of the 1953 summer seminar
The development of translation competence : theories and methodologies from psycholinguistics and cognitive science
Diagnosis is an essential part of scientific research. It refers to the process of identifying a phenomenon, property, or condition on the basis of certain signs and by the use of various diagnostic procedures. This book is the first ever to consider the use of diagnostics in syntactic research and focuses on the five core domains of natural language syntax - ellipsis, agreement, anaphora, phrasal movement, and head movement. Each empirical domain is considered in turn from the perspectives of syntax, syntax at the interfaces, neuropsycholinguistics, and language diversity. Drawing on the expertise of 20 leading scholars and their empirically rich data, the book presents current thoughts on, and practical answers to, the question: What are the diagnostic signs, techniques and procedures that can be used to analyse natural language syntax? It will interest linguists, including formalists, typologists, psycholinguists and neurolinguists.
Progress in the psychology of language. Vol. 3
Communicative acts and shared knowledge in natural discourse
Connectionist psycholinguistics
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Automaticity and control in language processing
Walter J. Ong's classic work provides a fascinating insight into the social effects of oral, written, printed and electronic technologies, and their impact on philosophical, theological, scientific and literary thought. This thirtieth anniversary edition - coinciding with Ong's centenary year - reproduces his best-known and most influential book in full and brings it up to date with two new exploratory essays by cultural writer and critic John Hartley. Hartley provides: A scene-setting chapter that situates Ong's work within the historical and disciplinary context of post-war Americanism and the rise of communication and media studies; A closing chapter that follows up Ong's work on orality and literacy in relation to evolving media forms, with a discussion of recent criticisms of Ong's approach, and an assessment of his concept of the 'evolution of consciousness'; Extensive references to recent scholarship on orality, literacy and the study of knowledge technologies, tracing changes in how we know what we know. These illuminating essays contextualize Ong within recent intellectual history, and display his work's continuing force in the ongoing study of the relationship between literature and the media, as well as that of psychology, education and sociological thought.
Actor's general conceptions and strategies for local development : an application of perspective text analysis
This textbook offers a cutting edge introduction to psycholinguistics, exploring the cognitive processes underlying language acquisition and use. Provides a step-by-step tour through language acquisition, production, and comprehension, from the word level to sentences and dialogue. Incorporates both theory and data, including in-depth descriptions of the experimental evidence behind theories. Incorporates a comprehensive review of research in bilingual language processing, sign language, reading, and the neurological basis of language production and comprehension. Approaches the subject from a range of perspectives, including psychology, linguistics, philosophy, computer science, neurology, and neurophysiology.
Recent trends in Soviet psycholinguistics
This accessible introduction to multimodality illuminates the potential of multimodal research for understanding the ways in which people communicate. Readers will become familiar with the key concepts and methods in various domains while learning how to engage critically with the notion of multimodality. The book challenges widely held assumptions about language and presents the practical steps involved in setting up a multimodal study, including: formulating research questions, collecting research materials, assessing and developing methods of transcription considering the ethical dimensions of multimodal research. A self-study guide is also included, designed as an optional stand-alone resource or as the basis for a short course.
Patterns in the mind : language and human nature
Names for things : a study of human learning
Communicating with one another : toward a psychology of spontaneous spoken discourse
Language and thought
Words and things
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 4, Semantic and lexical change-zulu
The handbook of East Asian psycholinguistics. Volume 2, Japanese
The mental representation of grammatical relations
Modelling thought and constructing meaning : cognitive models in interaction
The neurobiology of affect in language : a supplement to language learning
Psycholinguistics : psychology, linguistics, and the study of natural language
Talkability : discover the secrets of effective conversation
Psychology of reasoning : Structure and content
The boundaries of Babel : the brain and the enigma of impossible languages
Psychology of language
Language as a way of knowing : a book of readings
Psycholinguistic models of production
Perception, cognition, and language : essays in honor of Henry and Lila Gleitman
Extraterritorial : papers on literature and the language revolution
A history of psycholinguistics : the pre-Chomskyan era
Direct reference : from language to thought
Everyone has questions about language. Some are from everyday experience: Why do immigrants struggle with a new language, only to have their fluent children ridicule their grammatical errors? Why can't computers converse with us? Why is the hockey team in Toronto called the Maple Leafs, not the Maple Leaves? Some are from popular science: Have scientists really reconstructed the first language spoken on earth? Are there genes for grammar? Can chimpanzees learn sign language? And some are from our deepest ponderings about the human condition: Does our language control our thoughts? How could language have evolved? Is language deteriorating? Today laypeople can chitchat about black holes and dinosaur extinictions, but their curiosity about their own speech has been left unsatisfied - until now. In The Language Instinct, Steven Pinker, one of the world's leading scientists of language and the mind, lucidly explains everything you always wanted to know about language: how it works, how children learn it, how it changes, how the brain computes it, how it evolved. But The Language Instinct is no encyclopedia. With wit, erudition, and deft use of everyday examples of humor and wordplay, Pinker weaves our vast knowledge of language into a compelling theory: that language is a human instinct, wired into our brains by evolution like web spinning in spiders or sonar in bats. The theory not only challenges conventional wisdom about language itself (especially from the self-appointed "experts" who claim to be safe-guarding the language but who understand it less well than a typical teenager). It is part of a whole new vision of the human mind: not a general-purpose computer, but a collection of instincts adapted to solving evolutionarily significant problems - the mind as a Swiss Army knife. Entertaining, insightful, provocative, The Language Instinct will change the way you talk about talking and think about thinking.
Word play : what happens when people talk
Psycholinguistics
Becoming human : from pointing gestures to syntax
The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism provides a comprehensive survey of the field of multilingualism for a global readership, and an overview of the research which situates multilingualism in its social, cultural and political context. The handbook includes an introduction and five sections with thirty two chapters by leading international contributors. The introduction charts the changing landscape of social and ethnographic research on multilingualism (theory, methods and research sites) and it foregrounds key contemporary debates. Chapters are structured around sub-headings such as: early developments, key issues related to theory and method, new research directions. This handbook offers an authoritative guide to shifts over time in thinking about multilingualism as well as providing an overview of the range of contemporary themes, debates and research sites. The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism is the ideal resource for postgraduate students of multilingualism, as well as those studying education and anthropology.
Meaning and context : an introduction to the psychology of language
Multilingual cognition and language use : processing and typological perspectives
Spoken word recognition paradigms : special issue
Neurolinguistics : historical and theoretical perspectives
Lexical representation and process
The Routledge handbook of second language acquisition
Expressing social distance in Polish discourse : the use of the grammatical category of person
The visual narrative reader
Psychology of language and learning
An introduction to the study of language
Understanding reading : a psycholinguistic analysis of reading and learning to read
The psychology of language : from data to theory
Spoken-word processing in context
International encyclopedia of linguistics. Vol. 3, Mande languages-selection
Biological and social factors in psycholinguistics
Space and time in languages and cultures : language, culture, and cognition
Emotion and discourse in L2 narrative research
The gentle art of verbal self-defense at work
Positive psychology is the scientific study of how human beings prosper and thrive. This is the first book in SLA dedicated to theories in positive psychology and their implications for language teaching, learning and communication. Chapters examine the characteristics of individuals, contexts and relationships that facilitate learning: positive emotional states such as love, enjoyment and flow, and character traits such as empathy, hardiness and perseverance. The contributors present several innovative teaching ideas to bring out these characteristics among learners. The collection thus blends new teaching techniques with cutting-edge theory and empirical research undertaken using qualitative, quantitative and mixed-methods approaches. It will be of interest to SLA researchers, graduate students, trainee and experienced teachers who wish to learn more about language learning psychology, individual differences, learner characteristics and new classroom practices.
Advances in the social psychology of language
Cross-modal contacts between graphemes and phonemes : explorations in bimodal processing
Psycholinguistik : ein internationales Handbuch = Psycholinguistics : an international handbook
The language instinct : how the mind creates language
Psycholinguistics. Part II, [Production (continued), Recognition and comprehension]
Language and psychiatry
An introduction to psycholinguistics
Language, gender and society
Psycholinguistics : a new approach
The meaning of meaning : a study of the influence of language upon thought and of the science of symbolism
Advanced psycholinguistics : a Bressanone retrospective for Giovanni B. Flores d'Arcais
Psycholinguistics. Part I, [Production]
This interdisciplinary book explores the interactional construction and management of emotionality in second language autobiographical interview research. By advancing a discursive constructionist approach, it offers a timely methodological and interaction-based perspective that examines how emotionality is collaboratively managed as both topic and resource within the institutional and interpersonal business of qualitative research. The book weaves together discussions based on first and second language literature as well as original research with adult immigrants from Southeast Asia living in the US and Canada. This book will be of interest to those researching second and foreign language studies, applied linguistics and related bilingual and multilingual research, as well as those interested in qualitative research methods and emotion.
Psycholinguistics : language, mind, and world
What men say, what women hear
The Importance of Semantics: Visual World Studies on Drawing Inferences and Resolving Anaphors
Cognitive linguistics and translation : advances in some theoretical models and applications
Psycholinguistics. Part IV, [Recognition and comprehension (continued), Learning to read]
Dialogues on Bakhtin : interdisciplinary readings
International journal of psycholinguistics. 1981/8-4 [24]
Crosslinguistic influence in language and cognition
