http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16377 management by objectives
management by objectives
Achieving high performance
Strategic management : concepts and cases
How to motivate people
Values for educational leadership
Leadership : theory and practice
Over the past seven years, in a highly unstable global economy, Cisco doubled revenue, tripled profits, and quadrupled earnings per shareIn this book, Cisco Senior Vice President Inder Sidhu explains how the company has been phenomenally successful by focusing on both innovation and new business as well as core businesses, stressing both discipline and flexibility, and winning over both customers and partners.
Business Plan : business plan, business intelligence, statistical hypothesis testing, marketing plan, content of a business plan, total quality management, management by objestives, strategic planning
Double your income doing what you love : Raymond Aaron's guide to power mentoring
Benchmarking : the search for industry best practices that lead to superior performance
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
Education, state and citizenship
The drama of schooling, the schooling of drama
The public library service : IFLA/UNESCO guidelines for development
Strategic management : concepts
The life coach workbook
WillBe : 13 reasons WillBe's are luckier than WannaBe's
The mindful international manager : how to work effectively across cultures
Purpose : the starting point of great companies
Educational leadership : the moral art
Management & organisational behaviour
Setting performance targets
The new psychology of achievement : breakthrough strategies for success and happiness in the 21st century
Employee involvement : methods for improving performance and work attitudes
The balanced scorecard : translating strategy into action
The essential Drucker : selections from the management works of Peter F. Drucker
Switch : how to change things when change is hard
Managerial success, mentoring and goal orientation : the Malaysian perspective
Must-win battles : how to win them, again and again
Earnings management through IFRS goodwill impairment accounting : in the context of incentives created by earnings targets
Management systems for the hotel, catering and allied industries
Harvard business review on winning negotiations
Total quality education : transforming schools into learning places
Management and organisational behaviour
Encouraging the heart : a leader's guide to rewarding and recognizing others
Organisational behaviour and analysis : an integrated approach
"In today's volatile business environment, it is more important than ever that managers, whether of a global multinational or a small team, should understand the fundamentals of organizational design. Written specifically for executives and executive MBA students, the new edition of this successful book provides a step-by-step 'how to' guide for designing an organization. It features comprehensive coverage of the key aspects of organizational design, including goals, strategy, process, people, coordination, control and incentives. These aspects are explained through the use of a unique series of 2 x 2 graphs that provide an integrated, spatial way to assess and plan organizational design. The new edition features a number of important improvements, including a new framework for understanding leadership and organizational climate, the introduction of the concept of manoeuvrability and a completely new chapter examining joint ventures, mergers, partnerships and strategic alliances"--Provided by publisher.
Equity and efficiency? : school management in an international context
The ethics of educational management : personal, social and political perspectives on school organization
The inner world of teaching : exploring assumptions wich promote change and development
Successful strategy execution : how to keep your business goals on target
Project organisations and governance : processes, actors, actions and participatory procedures
Going corporate : a geek's guide
Optimizing Performance Management by Management by Objectives
Meaning at work
Seeing is believing : how the new art of visual management can boost performance throughout your organization
The seven keys to managing strategic accounts
Organizational design : a step-by-step approach
Understanding work motivation through goal setting and adoption
Measures and metrics in corporate security
Connecting leadership and learning : principles for practice
This text seeks to present and explain the concepts, techniques, frameworks and methodologies of strategic management in a concise, straightforward way. It gives the reader all the essential information needed to identify central issues in strategic management and planning and hence be able to make up his or her own mind on the best approaches to strategic problems.  The major amendment for the second edition is a new chapter on the (physical) environmental aspects of corporate strategy, incorporating sustainable development, legal constraints, EU and Third World influences, codes of practice, packaging and labelling, and other critical  issues. Also, significant additions are made to pan-company marketing, strategic vision and thrust, contingency planning, management of service, strategic flexibility and fit, market-led change, theories of internationalisation, ethical dilemmas, downsizing, and relationship marketing. The planning and control material is placed into a wider contextual framework.   KEY FEATURES   outlines the conventional wisdom for ease of understanding whilst recognising the weakness and criticisms of the neo-classical approach provides a thorough general survey of the area   includes mini case studies taken from a variety of manufacturing and service sector industries   appropriate for use on modular courses   ideal for students first contact with strategic management.   CONTENTS  PART ONE Business Strategy     1.The nature of strategic management     2.Objectives     3.Strategy formulation     4.Forecasting     5.Management audits and environmental analysis     6.Change, chaos and the learning organisation     7.Strategy and structure     8.Ethical considerations   PART TWO Functional Strategies     9.Marketing strategy    10.Financial strategy    11.Human resources strategy    12.Information technology strategy    13.Manufacturing strategy    14.Strategies for the internationalisation of operations   PART THREE Planning and Control    15.Corporate planning    16.Techniques of planning    17.Operational planning    18.Management control.
Creating an excellent school : some new management techniques
Doing both : how Cisco captures today's profit and drives tomorrow's growth
IFLA public library service guidelines
Successful sales management : how to make your team the best
Harvard business review on reinventing your marketing
Targets are an important part of our work life, whether we are setting them or meeting them. Target setting forms part of the budgeting process and the performance management of business units and individuals. Unfortunately the behavioral impacts of target setting on performance are not well understood, and this can lead to serious consequences such as game playing. Target setting is an under-researched area.
Team work and group dynamics
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
Worthy : boost your self-worth to grow your net worth
Active DSS : pursuing some limits in decision support
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
New tools for management accounting : putting non-financial indicators to work
International encyclopedia of economics of education
Corporate strategy
Destination profit : creating people-profit opportunities in your organization
Strategic management : concepts and cases, a competitive advantage approach
Managing the people side of innovation : 8 rules for engaging minds and hearts
Common characteristics and attributes of self-managed virtual teams
Management : leading people and organizations in the 21st century
International management
How work gets done: business process management, basics and beyond
When we feel that we aren't enough, or that we aren't good enough, we also fear that we'll never have enough. Money. We love it. We hate it. If we don't have enough, we're struggling to get more. If we do have it, we're fighting to hold on to it. Why does money have to be such a source of anxiety? Is it possible to find a balance? Yes! According to integrative life coach Nancy Levin, the real key to creating financial freedom isn't changing what we do, it's changing how we feel--and that requires more than just learning how to invest. In Worthy, Nancy makes an essential, eye-opening connection: the state of our net worth is a direct reflection of our self-worth. Then she shows us how to get to the root of the problem and do the internal work that's needed to replace feelings of unworthiness with a stronger sense of our own value. Filled with inspiring real-life stories and thought-provoking questions and answers, her 10-step plan helps us to: Get real about the money issues we face every day; Examine the excuses we use to avoid creating the life we really want; Be willing to see ourselves as worthy of abundance in all its forms; Take back our financial power--and watch amazing things start to happen. Whether we're looking for financial ease or a new relationship with money and ourselves, Worthy will give us the tools to clear the path for wholeness, fulfillment, and richness in all areas of our lives, not just in our bank accounts.
The daily art of management : a hands-on guide to effective leadership and communication
Effects of management by objectives : studies of Swedish upper secondary schools and the influence of role stress and self-efficacy on school leaders
Change management in developing operation reporting : case Army Materiel Command
The power of minds at work : organizational intelligence in action
Performance management : key strategies and practical guidelines
Becoming better leaders : the challenge of improving student learning
Must-win battles : creating the focus you need to achieve your key business goals
Handbook on performance management
Process model of goal communication in e-leading : case Protomo
New era of management
Learning-focused leadership in action : improving instruction in schools and districts
Creating conditions for innovative and high-performing teams
