http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16399 rabbis
rabbis
Configural learning in rabbit nictitating membrane conditioning : acquisition of biconditional discrimination
The anthropology of religious charisma : ecstasies and institutions
On heaven and Earth : Pope Francis on faith, family, and the church in the twenty-first century
Uniter of heaven and earth : Rabbi Meshullam Feibush Heller of Zbarazh and the rise of Hasidism in Eastern Galicia
The commentary of Rabbi David Kimhi on Hosea
Without bounds : the life and death of Rabbi Ya'aqov Wazana
From the world of the Cabbalah : the philosophy of Rabbi Judah Loew of Prague
Discusses Talmudic economics in the light of modern economics. This book focuses on the intricate debates, statements and principles that were forged by the Talmudic Rabbis. It discerns a range of macro- and micro-economic ideas of major significance.
An exploration of the ancient rabbinic tradition of the Talmudic sages, offering complex analysis of eight stories from the Babylonian Talmud to reconstruct the cultural and religious world of the Babylonian rabbinic academy. It uncovers the literary methods used to compose the Talmud.
Sophie and the wonderful picture
Sophie and the mother's day card
The Halakhic process : a systematic analysis
The return of the repressed : Pirqe de-Rabbi Eliezer and the Pseudepigrapha
Judaism and story : the evidence of the Fathers according to Rabbi Nathan
Holy woman : the road to greatness of Rebbetzin Chaya Sara Kramer
The itinerary of Rabbi Benjamin of Tudela. Vol. 2, Notes and essays
The making of a sage : a study in rabbinic ethics
The visual culture of Chabad
Sustain me with raisin-cakes : Pesikta deRav Kahana and the popularization of Rabbinic Judaism
Making God's word work : a guide to the Mishnah
The rabbinic class of Roman Palestine in late antiquity
"This book presents the first full-length study of a vast and complex visual tradition produced, revered, preserved, banned, and destroyed by the Hasidic movement of Chabad. This rich repository of visual artifacts provides the archaeological data for an analysis of how the movement consolidated its influence during a period of political and economic transformation and survived its immigration to America in the wake of the Holocaust. As one of the most self-documented and media-preserved modern Jewish movements, Chabad's rich material culture, including the hand-held portrait, the "rebbishe" space, the printer's mark, and the public menorah, afford scholars a wider range of interpretive strategies for understanding the movement and the role of the visual experience in religion"--
Fracture of the growing femoral shaft : a clinical and experimental study with special reference to treatment using absorbable osteosynthesis
Response, resistance, deconstruction : reading and writing in/of three novels by John Updike
The rabbi's cat
Friday the rabbi slept late
Religious Zionism of Rav Kook
Rabbis and Jewish communities in Renaissance Italy
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Traditions of the rabbis from the era of the New Testament. Vol. 1, Prayer and agriculture
Rav Kook : mystic in a time of revolution
The Dead Rabbit : grocery and grog : drinks manual : secret recipes and barroom tales from two Belfast boys who conquered the cocktail world
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
The philosophy of Rabbi Kook
Black Rabbit Hall
The New Testament and rabbinic literature
Moses Maimonides : the man and his works
To know and to care : an anthology of Chassidic stories about the Lubavitcher Rebbe Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson. Vol. 2
Two Portuguese exiles in Castile : Dom David Negro and Dom Isaac Abravanel
Polish-Lithuanian Karaite Hebrew zemirot: imitation only? : A review on a marginal genre
The Rabbi's cat. 2
The rabbinic system : how the Aggadah and the Halakhah complement each other
Mekhilta according to rabbi Ishmael : an introduction to Judaism's first scriptural encyclopaedia
Atlas d'anatomie du lapin = Atlas of rabbit anatomy
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
Rabbi Meir of Rothenburg : his life and his works as sources for the religious, legal, aand social history of the Jews of Germany in the thirteenth century
Sophie in charge
Tormented master : the life and spiritual quest of Rabbi Nahman of Bratslav
The life of the Alter Rebbe
Amos in Talmud and Midrash : a source book
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
The Iggeres of Rav Sherira Gaon
Maimonides : the life and world of one of civilization's greatest minds
War and peace in Rabbinic Judaism : a documentary account
Reform Judaism today
The owners of The Dead Rabbit Grocery and Grog share recipes for their signature cocktails and drinks, including peach blow fizz, hot whiskey toddy, and scotch daisy.
Migrating tales : the Talmud's narratives and their historical context
"In 'Pirqei deRabbi Eliezer: Structure, Coherence, Intertextuality' Katharina E. Keim offers a description of the literary character of 'Pirqei deRabbi Eliezer', an enigmatic work of the late-eighth-to-early-ninth centuries CE. Katharina E. Keim explores the work's distinctive literary features through an analysis of its structure and coherence. These literary features, when taken together with the work's intertextual relationships with antecedent and contemporaneous Christian and Jewish (rabbinic and non-rabbinic) texts, reveal 'Pirqei deRabbi Eliezer' to be an innovative work, and throw light on a new turn in Jewish literature following the rise of Islam" -- page 4 of cover.
Engineering baculo- and lentiviral vectors for enhanced and targeted gene delivery
Monday the rabbi took off
Little Grey Rabbit and friends : six classic stories
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
Hippocampal theta-band activity and trace eyeblink conditioning in rabbits
The pursuit of heresy : Rabbi Moses Hagiz and the Sabbatian controversies
The fathers according to rabbi Nathan : an analytical translation and explanation
The memory of the Temple and the making of the rabbis
Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liady : the origins of Chabad Hasidism
The Western journal of Isaac Mayer Wise, 1877
Families, rabbis and education : traditional Jewish society in nineteenth-century Eastern Europe
The autobiography of a seventeenth-century Venetian rabbi : Leon Modena's Life of Judah
Jewish Babylonia between Persia and Roman Palestine
Thursday the rabbi walked out
Memoirs of an anti-Zionist Jew
The traditions of Rabbi Ishmael
"The history of Hasidism and East European Jewry through the biography of Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liady"--
Hippocampal event-related potentials to tone-CS during classical conditioning of the rabbit nictitating membrane response
VW Jetta, Rabbit, GTI & Golf automotive repair manual
Essays on the thought and philosophy of Rabbi Kook
The rabbi's cat. 2
The rabbi of Lud : a novel
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
Art of Dreamworks animation
All is in the hands of Heaven : the teachings of Rabbi Mordecai Joseph Leiner of Izbica
Renewing the vision : rabbis speak out on modern Jewish issues : essays marking the fortieth anniversary of the Leo Baeck College
The godseeker's guide
Classical hits from the movies volume 5
Traditions of the rabbis from the era of the New Testament. Vol. 2A, Feasts and Sabbaths : Passover and atonement
Holy men and hunger artists : fasting and ascetism in rabbinic culture
Sophie and the Mother's Day card
Rav Abraham Isaac Kook (1865-1935) was one of the most influential--and controversial--rabbis of the twentieth century. A visionary writer and outstanding rabbinic leader, Kook was a philosopher, mystic, poet, jurist, communal leader, and veritable saint. The first chief rabbi of Jewish Palestine and the founding theologian of religious Zionism, he struggled to understand and shape his revolutionary times. His life and writings resonate with the defining tensions of Jewish life and thought.A powerfully original thinker, Rav Kook combined strict traditionalism and an embrace of modernity, Orthodoxy and tolerance, piety and audacity, scholasticism and ecstasy, and passionate nationalism with profound universalism. Though little known in the English-speaking world, his life and teachings are essential to understanding current Israeli politics, contemporary Jewish spirituality, and modern Jewish thought. This biography, the first in English in more than half a century, offers a rich and insightful portrait of the man and his complex legacy. Yehudah Mirsky clears away widespread misunderstandings of Kook's ideas and provides fresh insights into his personality and worldview. Mirsky demonstrates how Kook's richly erudite, dazzlingly poetic writings convey a breathtaking vision in which "the old will become new, and the new will become holy.
Mismatch-like event-related potentials to pitch deviances in the cerebellar interpositus nucleus and the effect of its temporary inactivation in rabbits
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
Sin at Sinai : early Judaism encounters Exodus 32
From Torah to Kabbalah : a basic introduction to the writings of Judaism
Jewish mystical autobiographies : Book of visions and Book of secrets
Sages and commoners in late antique ʾEreẓ Israel : a philological inquiry into local traditions in Talmud Yerushalmi
Individual and urban society in the novels Them by Joyce Carol Oates and Rabbit redux by John Updike
Economic analysis in Talmudic literature : rabbinic thought in the light of modern economics
School, court, public administration : Judaism and its institutions in Talmudic Babylonia
The commentary of David Kimhi on Isaiah
Tolkien's gown & other stories of great authors and rare books
Stories of the Babylonian Talmud
Rabbinic authority
Women who would be rabbis : a history of women's ordination, 1889-1985
