http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16314 microbial ecology
microbial ecology
Brock biology of microorganisms
Large-scale ecology : model systems to global perspectives
Interactions between freshwater heterotrophic bacteria and cyanobacteria : a laboratory study
Prescott's principles of microbiology
Activity and diversity of methanotrophs in a littoral wetland of an eutrophic boreal freshwater lake
Progres and perspectives in aquatic microbiological ecology : highlights of the SAME 10, Faro, Portugal, september 2007.
Biology of the prokaryotes
March of the microbes : sighting the unseen
A comparison of bioinformatic workflows for the analysis of fungal amplicon sequence data
Techniques in microbial ecology
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 23. 23
Processes in microbial ecology
On the ecology of saprotrophic fungi and bacteria in soil : biotic and abiotic control of growth rates
Temporal and spatial variation in the community composition of lake bacterioplankton
Biotechnology for beginners
Characterisation of diverse microbial communities and application of novel detection techniques
Welcome to the microbiome : getting to know the trillions of bacteria and other microbes in, on, and around you
Structure of the microbial communities in boreal coniferous forest humus exposed to heavy metals and changes in soil pH
Evolution through genetic exchange
Forest soils research : theory, reality, and its role in technology : selected and edited papers from the tenth North American Forest Soils Conference held in Saulte Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, 20-24 July 2003
Chlorophenol-degrading actinomycetes : molecular ecology and bioremediation properties
Environmental microbiology : current technology and water applications
The 9th Symposium on Aquatic Microbial Ecology, August 21-26 Helsinki, Finland : abstract publication
Microbial diversity in the municipal composting process and development of detection methods
The microbiology of the terrestrial deep subsurface
Microbial ecology is the study of interactions among microbes in natural environments and their roles in biogeochemical cycles, food web dynamics, and the evolution of life. Microbes are the most numerous organisms in the biosphere and mediate many critical reactions in elemental cycles and biogeochemical reactions. Because they are essential players in the carbon cycle and related processes, microbial ecology is a vital science for understanding the role of the biosphere in global warming and the response of natural ecosystems to climate change. This novel textbook discusses the major processes carried out by viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and other protists - the microbes - in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial ecosystems. It focuses on biogeochemical processes, starting with primary production and the initial fixation of carbon into cellular biomass, before exploring how that carbon is degraded in both oxygen-rich (oxic) and oxygen-deficient (anoxic) environments. These biogeochemical processes are affected by ecological interactions, including competition for limiting nutrients, viral lysis, and predation by various protists in soils and aquatic habitats. The book neatly connects processes occurring at the micron scale to events happening at the global scale, including the carbon cycle and its connection to climate change issues. A final chapter is devoted to symbiosis and other relationships between microbes and larger organisms. Microbes have huge impacts not only on biogeochemical cycles, but also on the ecology and evolution of more complex forms of life, including Homo sapiens.
Degradation of 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile and 2,6-dichlorobenzamide in groundwater sedimentary deposits and topsoil
Comparative ecology of microorganisms and macroorganisms
Prescott's microbiology
Modern methods in the study of microbial ecology : proceedings of a symposium held at the Agricultural college, Uppsala, Sweden, June 19-23, 1972
Biology of microorganisms
Phytophthora in Finnish nurseries
Soil : reflections on the basis of our existence
Modern soil microbiology
The ecology of the nitrogen cycle
Microbial controls of greenhouse gas emissions from boreal lakes
Bacteria are an integral aspect of every habitat in which they occur and affect the lives of humans, other animals, and plants in many ways. Too often, we equate "bacterium" with "pathogen" and think of bacteria as things to avoid. In a fascinating guide perfect for naturalists, students, teachers, and tourists alike, Betsey Dexter Dyer lets the reader know that it is possible to observe bacteria with all the senses. Many groups of bacteria can be easily identified in the field (or in the refrigerator) without a microscope.
Advances in ecological research : Vol. 21. 21
Principles and practices in plant ecology : allelochemical interactions
Inspired by an exhibition at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, explores microbes and their implications for modern science and medicine.
On the role of bacterial production and denitrification in some less-studied Baltic Sea habitats
Microbial ecology in atrazine and terbutryn dissipation in surface soils and subsurface sediments
Philosophy of microbiology
Bioremediation of diesel oil contaminated soil and water
Ecology of soil fungi
Fundamentals of soil ecology
Microbial ecology and control in water hydraulic systems
Microbial ecology in sea ice and in the pelagic system of the Baltic Sea
Environmental biotechnology : a biosystems approach
Functioning and management of European beech ecosystems
The ecology of Cyanobacteria : their diversity in time and space
Environmental microbiology : methods and protocols
Molecular approaches to soil, rhizosphere and plant microorganism analysis
Microbial ecology : fundamentals and applications
Topics in ecological and environmental microbiology / edited by Thomas Mitchell Schmidt and Moselio Schaechter
Microbial ecology : an evolutionary approach
Microbial activity and biomass in aquatic surface sediments : a community level approach
Networks of invasion : empirical evidence and case studies
Environmental chemistry
Microbial ecology and virulence gene studies of the insect pathogen Bacillus thuringiensis
Microbial ecological theory : current perspectives
A field guide to bacteria
Food-borne microbes : shaping the host ecosystem
"Microbes and microbiology are seldom encountered in philosophical accounts of the life sciences. Although microbiology is a well-established science and microbes the basis of life on this planet, neither the organisms nor the science have been seen as philosophically significant. This book will change that. It fills a major gap in the philosophy of biology by examining central philosophical issues in microbiology. Topics are drawn from evolutionary microbiology, microbial ecology, and microbial classification. These discussions are aimed at philosophers and scientists who wish to gain insight into the basic philosophical issues of microbiology"--Provided by publisher.
