http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16348 translated literature
translated literature
The shorter poems
The dream of the red chamber
The Declamations of Calpurnius Flaccus : text, translation, and commentary
Hedda Gabler and other plays
Josephus in nine volumes. 6, Jewish antiquities, Books IX-XI
"This work studies two medieval translations of Aesop's fables, one in Latin (Esopus moralisatus,1497) and one in vernacular Italian (Aesopi fabule,1526), with a close examination of how each translation reflected its audience and its translator. It offers close readings of the "Feast of Tongues" along with six fables common to both texts"--Provided by publisher.
Some short stories from Mongolia
The civil war
Procopius : in seven volumes. 5, History of the wars, books VII (continued] and VIII
The Count of Monte Cristo
The BFG
The Sebastopol sketches
De bono coniugali and De sancta virginitate were written in the same year (AD 401). In them Augustine rebuffs the Manichees, who argued that marriage was evil, and the fellowers of Jovinian, who argued that the married state was as meritorious as that of virginity. The first work analyses why marriage is good, and the second why virginity is a higher good. Both are closely related to present-day controversies amongst theologians and social historians.
Punica. 1, Books 1-8
Bibliography of modern Icelandic literature in translation : 1981-1992
The night watch
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Beyond the language wall : what is translated in Finland?
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 3, Annals, books IV-VI, XI-XII
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
The poems and poetical fragments
Brothers
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 2, Histories, books IV-V
Voices from afar : modern Chinese writers on oppressed peoples and their literature
Collected stories
New sketches of every-day life : a diary ; Strife and peace
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 1, Histories, books I-III
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
When the doves disappeared : a novel
City of memory : a bilingual anthology of contemporary Polish poetry
Victim without a face
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Independent people : an epic
Olympian odes ; Pythian odes
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The secret life of bees
The romance literatures. 1, Catalan, Italian, Portuguese and Brazilian, Provencal, Rumanian, Spanish and Spanish American
Poems and letters : in two volumes. 2, Letters : books III-IX
Seneca's Troades
Ad Lucilium epistulae morales : in three volumes. 2
The stranger
Behind God's back
The heart of a dog
The ice queen : a novel
Autobiography of a corpse
Memory of water
Modern Indian literature : an anthology. Volume one, Surveys and poems
Tales of translation : composing the new woman in China, 1899-1918
A catalog of British devotional and religious books in German translation from the Reformation to 1750
As red as blood
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India. : poetry and essays
Drops of life
Demd fine husband - vietävän hieno siippa : on idiolects and humour in the Finnish translation of Dickens's Nicholas Nickleby
A short bibliography on Finland
Modern Indian literature : an anthology. Volume three, Plays and prose
Ad Lucilium epistulae morales : in three volumes. 3
Pursuing Väinämöinen's language : poetic problems in translating the Kalevala into English
The institutio oratoria of Quintilian : in four volumes. 2
Voices in between : translation strategies in multilingual fiction
Snow White must die
The howling miller
Death by water
On the Latin language : in two volumes
The fables of Avianus
Coming to light : contemporary translations of the native literatures of North America
Terence : in two volumes. 2, Phormio ; The mother-in-law ; The brothers
Benedikte Naubert (1756-1819) and her relations to English culture
Danish books, Icelandic books, Norwegian books, Swedish books, Finnish books, Belgian books, Dutch books in Hungarian 1945-1981
Theodulf of Orléans : the verse
A general view of Sweden : containing besides a geographical description of the country, an account of its constitution, religion, civil and criminal laws, population, natural riches, external and internal commerce, finances, money, weights and measures, together with the manners and customs of its inhabitants, the present state of the arts and science in that kingdom and the form of government as established in 1772
My friends = Mis amigos
Remains of old Latin. 3, Lucilius ; The twelve tables
The art of accommodation : literary translation in Russia
The lost daughter
Garnier's Becket : translated from the 12th century Vie saint Thomas le martyr de Cantorbire of Garnier of Pont-Sainte-Maxence
The spy : a novel
The Barcelona brothers
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 5, Version of Alexandre de Paris: variants and notes to branch 2
Suspended sentences : three novellas
Barlaam and Ioasaph
Death's end
The alchemist
To steal her love
Journey to the center of the earth
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Translations from the classics into English from Caxton to Chapman 1477-1620
The Maharajah adventure
The limit
Aesop and the imprint of medieval thought : a study of six fables as translated at the end of the Middle Ages
The Oxford book of classical verse
War and peace
Selected poems
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
The complete Justine, Philosophy in the bedroom and other writings
Compendium of Roman history : Res gestae divi Augusti
Terence : in two volumes. 1, The lady of Andros ; The self-tormentor ; The eunuch
Ovid's Fasti : Roman holidays
The torso
The man who lost his shadow : a novel in four books
The core of the sun
Satirical sketches
The bat
The vision of Dante : Cary's translation of The Divine comedy
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
The three-body problem
The Oxford anthology of writings from North-East India : fiction
Poems and letters : in two volumes. 1, Poems ; Letters, books I-II
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
The institutio oratoria of Quintilian : in four volumes. 1
About Grace
Bookblock
Arabic short stories, 1945-1965
Peer Gynt in Finland : the Finnish translations of Ibsen's play and their use in the theatre
Me Tarzan, you simple cannibal : translation of racist elements in three Finnish translations of Tarzan of the apes
Remains of old Latin. 2, Livius Andronicus, Naevius, Pacuvius and Accius
Eastern dreams : how the Arabian nights came to the world
The Zahir : a novel of obsession
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
On famous women : the Middle English translation of Boccaccio's De mulieribus claris
A winter book : selected stories
Wars of the Romans in Iberia : Iberike
Seeing studies : practicing praxis in graphic design
Literatura polska w przekładach 1990-2000 = Polish literature in translations 1990-2000
The publication of English humaniora in Germany in the eighteenth century
The master and Margarita
The Odyssey of Homer
Seneca's tragedies : in two volumes. 1, Hercules Furens ; Troades ; Medea ; Hippolytus ; Oedipus
Sugar street : the Cairo trilogy III
Norse romance. Vol. 2, Knights of the round table
A literary critic : a collection of essays
Modern Indian literature : an anthology. Volume two, Fiction
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
A whole life
Iconostasis of Anonymous Saints
Kidsnatched from her orphanage by a BFG (Big Friendly Giant), who spends his life blowing happy dreams to children, Sophie concocts with him a plan to save the world from nine other man-gobbling cannybull giants.
Repetition in the French version of Samuel Beckett's Company
The days of abandonment
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 1, Text of the Arsenal and Venice versions
The potbellied virgin
The track of sand
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Blind willow, sleeping woman : twenty-four stories
A Doll's house ; The wild duck ; The lady from the sea
Theaetetus ; Sophist
The periodic table
I am your judge : a novel
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 2, Version of Alexandre de Paris : text
The redbreast
"Written by the Roman poet Virgil more than two thousand years ago, the story of Aeneas' seven-year journey from the ruins of Troy to Italy, where he becomes the founding ancestor of Rome, is a narrative on an epic scale: Aeneas and his companions contend not only with human enemies but with the whim of the gods. His destiny preordained by Jupiter, Aeneas is nevertheless assailed by dangers invoked by the goddess Juno, and by the torments of love, loyalty, and despair. Virgil's supreme achievement is not only to reveal Rome's imperial future for his patron Augustus, but to invest it with both passion and suffering for all those caught up in the fates of others." "Frederick Ahl's new translation captures the excitement, poetic energy, and intellectual force of the original in a way that has never been done before. Echoing the Virgilian hexameter the verse stays almost line for line with the original in an accurate style."--BOOK JACKET.
Sphaerica : Arabic and Medieval Latin translations
Word, image, and deed in the life of Su Shi
The histories ; The annals : in four volumes. 4, Annals, books XIII-XVI
The deipnosophists : in seven volumes. 4
The vegetarian : a novel
Translation studies
The strange library
Between cultures : third-wave Russian fiction in Russian and English
Malvina, or, The heart's intuition
The Eclogues of Virgil
The triumph of the water witch
Moral essays : in three volumes. 1
Ad Lucilium epistulae morales : in three volumes. 1
The lives of the ninth-century popes (Liber pontificalis) : the ancient biographies of ten popes from A. D. 817-891
Adultery : a novel
The plague
The revolution
The marvels of Rome
Detective Inspector Huss
Historical miscellany
Translation in culture
The library of shadows
The Neapolitan novels. Book 1, My brilliant friend
Names, words, witch's symbols : 4X (4 + 4)X4 = young Estonia poetry
On the false embassy (oration 19)
Outlines of Pyrrhonism
Virgil : in two volumes. 1, Eclogues ; Georgics ; Aeneid I-VI
Early English versions of the Tales of Guiscardo and Ghismonda and Titus and Gisippus from the Decameron
London, British Library, MS Additional 10304 contains the unique copy of one of the only two known English translations of Boccaccio's 'De Mulieribus Claris' prior to modern times (the other being that by Henry Parker, Lord Morley (EETS OS 214 (l943)). The present text consists of twentyone of Boccaccio's 106 lives of famous women, translated into seven-line stanzas. It exists in printed form only in the edition by Gustav Schleich (1924), not now readily accessible, and in selections edited by Julius Zupitza (1892). It is of interest and significance in several respects: as an instance of the cultivation of Italian humanist writing in fifteenth-century England, and in particular of the reception of Boccaccio; as an example of verse in the Chaucerian tradition on the subject of women; and as an example of selective adaptation in translation from Latin to the vernacular. The Introduction to this edition includes consideration of language and versification, and an analysis of the Middle English translator's strategies of selection from the source. The text is followed by a commentary including exposition of difficult passages, notes on significant modification of the source, and points of lexicographical interest, a select glossary, and an index of proper names.
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
The summer book
The wandering earth
The one who was standing apart from me. Maurice Blanchot
I'll be right there : a novel
The story of the lost child
Virgil : in two volumes. 2, Aeneid VII-XII ; The minor poems
The book of the Courtier
Civil war
Crime stories from the country of huopatossu and juhannusruusut : translation strategies for Finnish cultural realia in the English translations of two of Matti Yrjänä Joensuu's crime novels
The map and the territory
Cixin Liu is China’s bestselling science fiction author and one of the most important voices in world SF. His novel, The Three-Body Problem, was the first translated work of SF ever to win the Hugo Award. Here is the first collection of his short fiction: eleven stories, including five Chinese Galaxy Award-winners, form a blazingly original ode to planet earth, its pasts and its futures.
Remains of old Latin. 4, Archaic inscriptions
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 3, Version of Alexandre de Paris : variants and notes to branch 1
The call of the curlew
Baby : a novel
Diodorus of Sicily : in twelve volumes. 4, Books IX - XII, 40
The fall of Troy
The priest of evil
Night rounds
Linguistic acceptability in translated childrenś literature
The year of the hare
Re-reading/ La relecture : essays in honour of Graham Falconer
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Metamorphoses XIII-XV and indexes
After her : a novel
Gitanjali : (song offerings) : a collection of prose translations made by the author from the original bengali
Index translationum Indicarum : a cumulation of entries for India in 'Index translationum', Unesco, Paris, vols. 2-11
The Oxford book of Japanese short stories
Libri II De arte metrica et De schematibus et tropis = The art of poetry and rhetoric
Apology ; De spectaculis
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
The Middle English translations of Robert Grosseteste's 'Chateau d'Amour'
The tabula of Cebes
Barefoot gen : The day after : a cartoon story of hiroshima
In 346 BC. the Athenians negotiated a peace treaty with King Philip II of Macedon, but afterwards one of the Athenian ambassadors, Demosthenes, accused another, Aiskhines, of accepting a bribe from Philip to contrive that the terms of the treaty should be favourable to him. The case came to trial three years later, and On the False Embassy is the speech which Demosthenes prepared for the prosecution. It is one of the most famous pieces of ancient oratory, and it is also one of the principal sources of information about the politics of its period.
The wars of the Jews
The underdogs : pictures and scenes from the present revolution : a translation of Mariano Azuela's Los de abajo with related texts
Punica. 2, Books 9-17
Miracle fair : selected poems of Wisława Szymborska
Troubling love
Strange times in Persia : an anthology of contemporary Iranian literature
The adventures of Huckleberry Finn in Finland
"Things alien and unfamiliar" : translation strategies for realia in the five Finnish translations of Wuthering heights
Moral essays : in three volumes. 2
Plays : three : Master Olof, Creditors, To Damascus (Part I)
Kafka on the shore
Transgressor of the nation
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
The two Middle English translations of the Revelations of St Elizabeth of Hungary : ed. from Cambridge University Library MS Hh.i. 11 and Wynkyn de Worde's printed text of ?1493
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
The brothers
American fiction in Finland : an essay and bibliography
The institutio oratoria of Quintilian : in four volumes. 3
The lady of Andros ; The self-tormentor ; The eunuch
Charm
The dark forest
The president's daughters : a narrative of governess
Casablanca and other stories
Moral essays : in three volumes. 3
Wordplay in Erik Söderblom's translation of Twelfth Night
Stratagems of war. Vol. 2, Books VI-VIII, Excerpts and Leo the Emperor
A translation of worlds : aspects of cultural translation and Australian migration literature
The romance literatures. 2, French literature
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
The unknown soldiers : on translating a heteroglot novel
Three sisters
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
Nights of awe
Map : collected and last poems
