http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16328 history of science
history of science
Stalin and the scientists : a history of triumph and tragedy 1905-1953
Science in History. Volume 1, Emergence of Science
The periodic table and a missed Nobel Prize
The politics of western science, 1640 - 1990
Measure for measure : a musical history of science
Science in history. 1, The emergence of science
Hitler's scientists : science, war and the devil's pact
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Stargazers : Copernicus, Galileo, the telescope and the church : the astronomical renaissance 1500-1700
The classification of sex : Alfred Kinsey and the organization of knowledge
Evolution vs. creationism : an introduction
The story of the false entries, good-faith errors, retractions, and mistakes that occurred during the formation of the Periodic Table of Elements as we know it.
Scottish author, publisher, and bookseller Robert Chambers knew that the radical theories about natural evolution he was espousing in this groundbreaking work would be controversial, so he published anonymously in 1844, and kept his identity a secret until 1884, long after Charles Darwins seminal Origin of Species had changed the tenor of modern scientific discourse. Indeed, Darwin praised Chambers daring, calling his book an excellent service that had swept away prejudice and prepared the public for introduction to Darwins similar ideas, for Chambers anticipated Darwin with his discussions of: the geological formation of the earth hypotheses on the development of the plant and animal kingdoms the early history of mankind and much more. Anyone interested in the history of science, the study of evolution, or the politics of science in the 19th century will enjoy this historic book.
Science in medieval Islam : an illustrated introduction
Scientists, society, and state : the social relations of science movement in Great Britain, 1931-1947
Wind Energy : A Reference Handbook
Science and technology in medieval India
Greek science of the Hellenistic era : a sourcebook
Science in history : in 4 volumes. Volume 4, The social sciences : conclusion
Invisible : the dangerous allure of the unseen
The little book of scientific principles, theories & things
Herbert Spencer : legacies
A companion to the history of science
Bacteria : K.A. Bisset
On the articles of Henri Poincare : on the dynamics of the electron
Some themes in the historical understanding of atomic nuclei = Atomiydinten ymmärtäminen : eräitä historiallisia teemoja
The secret anarchy of science
Natural science in Western history
Essays in the history and philosophy of science
The scientification of religion : an historical study of discursive change, 1800-2000
Vestiges of the natural history of creation
Einstein's clocks and Poincare's maps : empires of time
The genealogy of knowledge : analytical essays in the history of philosophy and science
What happened to the European mind between 1605, when an audience watching Macbeth at the Globe might believe that regicide was such an aberration of the natural order that ghosts could burst from the ground, and 1649, when a large crowd, perhaps including some who had seen Macbeth forty-four years earlier, could stand and watch the execution of a king. In this turbulent period, science moved from the alchemy and astrology of John Dee to the painstaking observation and astronomy of Galileo, from the classicism of Aristotle, still favoured by the Church, to the evidence-based, collegiate investigation of Francis Bacon. And if the old ways still lingered and affected the new mind set - Descartes's dualism an attempt to square the new philosophy with religious belief; Newton, the man who understood gravity and the laws of motion, still fascinated to the end of his life by alchemy - by the end of that tumultuous century 'the greatest ever change in the mental outlook of humanity' had irrevocably taken place.
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
The battle against bacteria : a history of the development of antibacterial drugs, for the general reader
Probability since 1800 : interdisciplinary studies of scientific development
What if there had been no World War I or no Russian Revolution? What if Napoleon had won at Waterloo in 1815, or if Martin Luther had not nailed his complaints to the church door at Wittenberg in 1517, or if the South had won the American Civil War? The questioning of apparent certainties or 'known knowns' can be fascinating and, indeed, 'What if?' books are very popular. However, this speculative approach, known as counterfactualism, has had limited impact in academic histories, historiography, and the teaching of historical methods. In this book, Jeremy Black offers a short guide to the subject, one that is designed to argue its value as a tool for public and academe alike. Black focuses on the role of counterfactualism in demonstrating the part of contingency, and thus human agency, in history, and the salutary critique the approach offers to determinist accounts of past, present, and future.
The house of wisdom : how Arabic science saved ancient knowledge and gave us the Renaissance
Men, machines and history : the story of tools and machines in relation to social progress
The sensorium of God
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotta and research in the 19th century
Science in History. Volume 2, The Scientific and Industrial Revolutions
Historical and conceptual issues in psychology
"For many years, scholars have been moving away from the idea of a singular, secular, rationalistic, and mechanistic "Enlightenment project." Historian Peter Reill has been one of those at the forefront of this development, demonstrating the need for a broader and more varied understanding of eighteenth-century conceptions of nature. Life Forms in the Thinking of the Long Eighteenth Century is a unique reappraisal of Enlightenment thought on nature, biology, and the organic world that responds to Reill's work. The ten essays included in the collection analyse the place of historicism, vitalism, and esotericism in the eighteenth century--three strands of thought rarely connected, but all of which are central to Reill's innovative work. Working across national and regional boundaries, they engage not only French and English but also Italian, Swiss, and German writers."--
A shorter history of science
A history of science in Korea
"Alfred C. Kinsey's revolutionary studies of human sexual behavior are world-renowned. His meticulous methods of data collection, from comprehensive entomological assemblies to personal sex history interviews, raised the bar for empirical evidence to an entirely new level. In The Classification of Sex, Donna J. Drucker presents an original analysis of Kinsey's scientific career in order to uncover the roots of his research methods. She describes how his enduring interest as an entomologist and biologist in the compilation and organization of mass data sets structured each of his classification projects. As Drucker shows, Kinsey's lifelong mission was to find scientific truth in numbers and through observation-and to record without prejudice in the spirit of a true taxonomist. Kinsey's doctoral work included extensive research of the gall wasp, where he gathered and recorded variations in over six million specimens. His classification and reclassification of Cynips led to the speciation of the genus that remains today. During his graduate training, Kinsey developed a strong interest in evolution and the links between entomological and human behavior studies. In 1920, he joined Indiana University as a professor in zoology, and soon published an introductory text on biology, followed by a coauthored field guide to edible wild plants. In 1938, Kinsey began teaching a noncredit course on marriage, where he openly discussed sexual behavior and espoused equal opportunity for orgasmic satisfaction in marital relationships. Soon after, he began gathering case histories of sexual behavior. As a pioneer in the nascent field of sexology, Kinsey saw that the key to its cogency was grounded in observation combined with the collection and classification of mass data. To support the institutionalization of his work, he cofounded the Institute for Sex Research at Indiana University in 1947. He and his staff eventually conducted over eighteen thousand personal interviews about sexual behavior, and in 1948 he published Sexual Behavior in the Human Male, to be followed in 1953 by Sexual Behavior in the Human Female. As Drucker's study shows, Kinsey's scientific rigor and his early use of data recording methods and observational studies were unparalleled in his field. Those practices shaped his entire career and produced a wellspring of new information, whether he was studying gall wasp wings, writing biology textbooks, tracing patterns of evolution, or developing a universal theory of human sexuality"--
A short history and the present position of botanical investigations in the Dutch East Indies
Functions and uses of disciplinary histories
Guide to the History of Science. 1992
Other pasts, different presents, alternative futures
Revolutions and reconstructions in the philosophy of science
A really short history of nearly everything
Science in history : in 4 volumes. Volume 1, The emergence of science
Kuhn's Structure of Scientific Revolutions at fifty : reflections on a science classic
Science, religion and communism in Cold War Europe
Science and the emergence of modern America, 1865-1916
Astronomy transformed : the emergence of radio astronomy in Britain
Geography : development of the geographical knowledge of the Malay Archipelago
The Oxford handbook of the history of psychology : global perspectives
The orientations of research in Finland
The story of astronomy : how the Universe revealed its secrets
Literature after Darwin : human beasts in western fiction, 1859-1939
Styles of knowing : a new history of science from ancient times to the present
Landmarks in western science : from prehistory to the atomic age
Darwin studies : a theorist and his theories in their contexts
A little history of science
Scientist extraordinary; the life and scientific works of Thomas Henry Huxley, 1825-1895
Science in the twentieth century
Tide : the science and lore of the greatest force on earth
In 1997, Stanley B. Prusiner received a Nobel Prize, the world's most prestigious award for achievement in physiology or medicine. That he was the sole recipient of the award for the year was entirely appropriate. His struggle to identify the agent responsible for ravaging the brains of animals suffering from scrapie and mad cow disease, and of humans with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, had been waged largely alone and in some cases in the face of strenuous disagreement. In this book, Prusiner tells the remarkable story of his discovery of prions -- infectious proteins that replicate and cause disease but surprisingly contain no genetic material -- and reveals how superb and meticulous science is actually practiced with talented teams of researchers who persevere. He recounts the frustrations and rewards of years of research and offers fascinating portraits of his peers as they raced to discover the causes of fatal brain diseases. Prusiner's hypothesis, once considered heresy, now stands as accepted science and the basis for developing diagnoses and eventual cures. He closes with a meditation on the legacy of his discovery: What will it take to cure Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Lou Gehrig's and other devastating diseases of the brain?
We all want to understand the world around us, and the ancient Greeks were the first to try and do so in a way we can properly call scientific. Their thought and writings laid the essential foundations for the revivals of science in medieval Baghdad and renaissance Europe. Now their work is accessible to all, with this invaluable introduction to c.100 scientific authors active from 320 BCE to 230 CE. The book begins with an outline of a new socio-political model for the development and decline of Greek science, followed by eleven chapters that cover the main disciplines: the science which the Greeks saw as fundamental - mathematics, astronomy, astrology and geography, mechanics, optics and pneumatics, the non-mathematical sciences of alchemy, biology, medicine and 'psychology'. Each chapter contains an accessible introduction on the origins and development of the topic in question, and all the authors are set in context with brief biographies.
The story of science
Pioneer microbiologists of America
What science is and how it works
Entangled knowledge : scientific discourses and cultural difference
The science book : big ideas simply explained
Aladdin's lamp : how Greek science came to Europe through the Islamic world
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 7, Pt. 2: General conclusions and reflections
The upright thinkers : the human journey from living in trees to understanding the cosmos
"The essays in this volume explore the full scope of Maximilian's Ruhmeswerk, which adaptively incorporated different literary and aesthetic genres. They examine the Emperor's quest to become an 'uomo universale', or Renaissance man, in the context of the idea of 'self-fashioning' at the focus of recent Renaissance research. In addition, the studies consider the impact of changing media conditions as a result of the invention of the printed book"--
Scientific travellers, 1790-1877. Vol. 8, The Malay archipelago, volume II
Sociology of scientific knowledge : a source book
The great Devonian controversy : the shaping of scientific knowledge among gentlemanly specialists
Background to modern science
Madness and memory : the discovery of prions - a new biological principle of disease
Hermann von Helmholtz's mechanism : the loss of certainty : a study on the transition from classical to modern philosophy of nature
Science and technology in history : an approach to industrial development
Before the fall-out : the human chain reaction from Marie Curie to Hiroshima
Foundations of scientific method : the nineteenth century
Scientific knowledge and its social problems
The Cambridge companion to the "Origin of species"
When the earth was flat : all the bits of science we got wrong
The beginnings of modern science
Social history of science in colonial India
This wild abyss : the story of the men who made modern astronomy
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
Seeing further : the story of science, discovery, and the genius of the Royal Society
Science : a discovery In comics
Life forms in the thinking of the long eighteenth century
The lost elements : the periodic table's shadow side
Newton's apple and other myths about science
The German Research Foundation 1920-1970 : funding poised between science and politics
The classics of science : a study of twelve enduring scientific works
This book presents a cultural perspective on scientific and technological development. As opposed to the "story-lines" of economic innovation and social construction that tend to dominate both the popular and scholarly literature on science, technology and society (or STS), the authors offer an alternative approach, devoting special attention to the role played by social and cultural movements in the making of science and technology.They show how social and cultural movements, from the Renaissance of the late 15th century to the environmental and global justice movements of our time, have provided contexts, or sites, for mixing scientific knowledge and technical skills from different fields and social domains into new combinations, thus fostering what the authors term a "hybrid imagination." Such a hybrid imagination is especially important today, as a way to counter the competitive and commercial "hubris" that is so much taken for granted in contemporary science and engineering discourses and practices with a sense of cooperation and social responsibility. The book portrays the history of science and technology as an underlying tension between hubris - literally the ambition to "play god" on the part of many a scientist and engineer and neglect the consequences - and a hybrid imagination, connecting scientific "facts" and technological "artifacts" with cultural understanding.The book concludes with chapters on the recent transformations in the modes of scientific and technological production since the Second World War and the contending approaches to "greening" science and technology in relation to the global quest for sustainable development. The book is based on a series of lectures that were given by Andrew Jamison at the Technical University of Denmark in 2010 and draws on the authors' many years of experience in teaching non-technical, or contextual knowledge, to science and engineering students. The book has been written as part of the Program of Research on Opportunities and Challenges in Engineering Education in Denmark (PROCEED) supported by the Danish Strategic Research Council from 2010 to 2013.
"Drucker develops a synthetic argument about how Kinsey's scholarship and training as an entomologist and evolutionary scientist affected his teaching, research, writing, and analysis of human behavior. Places Kinsey at the center of trends in American intellectual and scientific life in the mid-twentieth century. Drucker uses the whole of Kinsey's intellectual life to address questions of data collection and scientific objectivity, and whether it is possible to have research approaches and frameworks for studying human sexuality that could satisfy ever-shifting delineations and measurements of objectivity"--
Science in the nineteenth century
Reconfiguring the world : nature, god, and human understanding from the Middle Ages to early modern Europe
Ancient and medieval science: from prehistory to ad 1450
Science : a history, 1543-2001
The autonomy of science : an historical and comparative analysis
A hybrid imagination : science and technology in cultural perspective
Science in history. Vol. 4, The social sciences : conclusion
Science & islam  : a history
Inscribing science : scientific texts and the materiality of communication
Gold : nature and culture
The beginnings and evolution of algebra
By far the largest single source of new information about the ancient Greek and Roman world is provided by the flow of newly discovered inscriptions, which presents both a challenge and an opportunity. In order to interpret any inscription we need to be able to apply the knowledge that we already have. On the other hand, inscriptions present the opportunity to gain new knowledge about virtually every aspect of the mix of cultures and societies which we call Graeco-Roman antiquity. This book therefore emphasises the importance of the two-way connections and contributions which link epigraphic studies with the historical sciences as a whole. Epigraphic information is helping to reshape and extend our knowledge of the religious life, the languages, the populations, the governmental systems, and the economies of the Graeco-Roman world. New techniques and technologies are helping to make epigraphically based information more accessible, whether in terms of public display or in terms of the ever-widening possibilities of information technology. The act of looking at the Graeco-Roman world through the window provided by the epigraphic record offers a distinctive gaze of unique and exceptional value.
Critical theory. Vol. 1, Historical perspectives
William Barton Rogers and the idea of MIT
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
The age of genius : the seventeenth century and the birth of the modern mind
Thinking about life : the history and philosophy of biology and other sciences
"A myth-shattering view of the medieval Islamic world's myriad scientific innovations, which preceded-and enabled-the European Renaissance. The Arabic legacy of science and philosophy has long been hidden from the West. British-Iraqi physicist Jim Al-Khalili unveils that legacy to fascinating effect by returning to its roots in the hubs of Arab innovation that would advance science and jump-start the European Renaissance. Inspired by the Koranic injunction to study closely all of God's works, rulers throughout the Islamic world funded armies of scholars who gathered and translated Persian, Sanskrit, and Greek texts. From the ninth through the fourteenth centuries, these scholars built upon those foundations a scientific revolution that bridged the one-thousand-year gap between the ancient Greeks and the European Renaissance. Many of the innovations that we think of as hallmarks of Western science were actually the result of Arab ingenuity: Astronomers laid the foundations for the heliocentric model of the solar system long before Copernicus; physicians accurately described blood circulation and the inner workings of the eye ages before Europeans solved those mysteries; physicists made discoveries that laid the foundation for Newton's theories of optics. But the most significant legacy of Middle Eastern science was its evidence-based approach-the lack of which kept Europeans in the dark throughout the Dark Ages. The father of this experimental approach to science-what we call the scientific method-was an Iraqi physicist who applied it centuries before Europeans first dabbled in it. Al-Khalili details not only how discoveries like these were made, but also how they changed European minds and how they were ultimately obscured by later Western versions of the same principles. With transporting detail, Al-Khalili places the reader in the intellectual and cultural hothouses of the Arab Enlightenment: the House of Wisdom in Baghdad, one of the world's greatest academies, the holy city of Isfahan, the melting pots of Damascus and Cairo, and the embattled Islamic outposts of Spain. Al-Khalili tackles two tantalizing questions: Why did the Arab world enter its own Dark Age after such a dazzling enlightenment? And how much did Arabic learning contribute to making the Western world as we know it? Given his singular combination of expertise in both the Western and Middle Eastern scientific traditions, Al-Khalili is uniquely qualified to solve those riddles"--Provided by publisher.
Lithuanian science : past and present
In a relatively brief but masterful recounting, Professor Ulf Lagerkvist traces the origins and seminal developments in the field of chemistry, highlighting the discoveries and personalities of the individuals who transformed the ancient myths of the Greeks, the musings of the alchemists, the mystique of phlogiston into the realities and the laws governing the properties and behavior of the elements; in short, how chemistry became a true science. A centerpiece of this historical journey was the triumph by Dmitri Mendeleev who conceived the Periodic Law of the Elements, the relation between the properties of the elements and their atomic weights but more precisely their atomic number. Aside from providing order to the elements known at the time, the law predicted the existence and atomic order of elements not then known but were discovered soon after. An underlying but explicit intent of Lagerkist's survey is to address what he believes was a gross injustice in denying Mendeleev the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1905 and again in 1906. Delving into the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences' detailed records concerning the nominations, Lagerkvist reveals the judging criteria and the often heated and prejudicial arguments favoring and demeaning the contributions of the competing contenders of those years. Lagerkvist, who was a member of the Swedish Academy of Sciences and has participated in judging nominations for the chemistry prize, concludes "It is in the nature of the Nobel Prize that there will always be a number candidates who obviously deserve to be rewarded but never get the accolade".
Progress in science and its social conditions : Nobel Symposium 58, held at Lidingö, Sweden, 15-19 August 1983
Milestones of science
The idea of historical recurrence in Western thought : from antiquity to the reformation
The Oxford Handbook of the History of Psychology: Global Perspectives describes the historical development of psychology in countries throughout the world. Contributors to this volume provide narratives that examine the political and socioeconomic forces that have shaped their nations' psychologies.
Duncan Liddel (1561-1613) : networks of polymathy and the Northern European Renaissance
"Science: A History is the enthralling story of the men and women who changed the way we see the world, and the turbulent times they lived in. From Galileo, tried by the Inquisition for his ideas, to Newton, who wrote his rivals out of the history books; from Marie Curie, forced to work apart from male students for fear she might excite them, to Louis Agassiz, who marched his colleagues up a mountain to prove that the ice ages had occurred. Filled with pioneers, visionaries, eccentrics and madmen, this is the history of science as it has never been told before." -- (Back Cover)
From the idea that the Earth could be hollow, to the notion that bees were far too religious to bother with sex, to the claim that a dying civilisation might inhabit Mars, there have been many crackpot scientific ideas and schemes proposed throughout history. Some of these ideas remained the preserve of the lunatic fringe, whilst others were sincerely believed in by credible mainstream figures and were even put into actual practice. S.D. Tucker discusses the history and nature of several of the most bizarre and outmoded ideas from throughout history, discovering which had a grain of truth to them and which were always destined to end up on the scrapheap of history.
History of science, history of text
My life : recollections of a nobel laureate
Curious tales from chemistry : the last alchemist in Paris, and other episodes
Science and technology in world history : an introduction
The knowledge : the periodic table
From magic to science : essays on the scientific twilight
The collected letters of Antoni van Leeuwenhoek : a complete edition of the works of Van Leeuwenhoek, annotated and considered in the perspective of the history of science and medicine..
Epigraphy and the historical sciences
"Inspired by A. C. Crombie's Styles of Scientific Thinking in the European Tradition, Kwa offers a full overview of scientific development in cultural and historical context. He introduces readers to the different forms of reasoning used by different sciences. Each chapter examines a different scientific style, illuminating how each style emerges gradually and continues to evolve. Older styles sometimes combine with newer while each also still continues along a solo trajectory. Styles investigated include the deductive, the experimental, the analogical-hypothetical, the taxonomic, the statistical, and the evolutionary. Although primarily designed for use in the classroom, this sophisticated book is also accessible to nonspecialists"--
The art of the soluble
Shaping authority : how did a person become an authority in Antiquity, the Middle Ages and the Renaissance?
"Now available in English, Styles of Knowing explores the development of various scientific reasoning processes in cultural-historical context. Influenced by historian Alistair Crombie's Styles of Scientific Thinking in the European Tradition, Chunglin Kwa organizes his book according to six distinct styles: deductive, experimental, analytical-hypothetical, taxonomic, statistical, and evolutionary. Instead of featuring individual scientific disciplines in different chapters, each chapter explains the historical applications of each style's unique criterion for good science. Kwa shows also how styles have influenced each other and transformed over time. In a chapter written especially for American audiences, Kwa examines how changes in engineering and technology during the twentieth century affected the balance among the various styles of science. Based on extensive research in Greek and Latin primary sources and numerous modern secondary sources, Kwa demonstrates the heterogeneous nature of scientific discovery. This accessible and innovative introduction to scientific change provides a foundational history for the classroom, historians, and nonspecialists"--
God's philosophers : how the medieval world laid the foundations of modern science
Handbook of the psychology of science
Isms and ologies  : 453 difficult doctrines you've always pretended to understand
Renaissance genius : Galileo Galilei & his legacy to modern science
Contributions to the history of herpetology. Vol. 5
The making of modern science : science, technology, medicine and modernity : 1789-1914
The invention of science : a new history of the scientific revolution
Science deified & science defied : the historical significance of science in Western culture. [Vol. 1], From the Bronze Age to the beginnings of the modern era, ca. 3500 B.C. to ca. A.D. 1640
Natural order : historical studies of scientific culture
Science in History. Volume 4, The Social Sciences: Conclusion
The evolution of the social sciences
Geography : discipline, profession, and subject since 1870 : an international survey
The story of science : from the writings of Aristotle to the big bang theory
Controversies within the scientific revolution
The era of experiments and the age of wonder : scientific expansion from the seventeenth to the nineteenth centuries : proceedings of the symposium in honor of the reopening of the Dibner Library of the History of Science and Technology, and the Smithsonian Libraries' Resident Scholar Program
History of the theory of ore deposits : with a chapter on the rise of petrology
This collective volume in the history of early-modern science and medicine investigates the transfer of knowledge between Germany and Scotland focusing on the Scottish mathematician and physician Duncan Liddel of Aberdeen. It offers a contextualized study of his life and work in the cultural and institutional frame of the northern European Renaissance, as well as a reconstruction of his scholarly networks and of the scientific debates in the time of post-Copernican astronomy, Melanchthonian humanism and Paracelsian controversies.
Science in History. Volume 3, The Natural Sciences in Our Time
Modern science and modern man
Greek science in antiquity
A history of the sciences
Meaning changes : a study of Thomas Kuhn's philosophy
Historical and cross-cultural aspects of psychology
The emergence of science in Western Europe
Shakespeare's double helix
Buses, bankers and the beer of revenge : an eccentric engineer collection
Chemical discovery and the logicians' program : a problematic pairing
Leviathan and the air-pump : Hobbes, Boyle, and the experimental life
Impact of crystallography on modern science
Natural selection and beyond : the intellectual legacy of Alfred Russel Wallace
Ideas that changed the world
Vaccine race : how scientists used human cells to combat killer viruses
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 6, Palaeontology
Debates on the decline of science
English men of science : their nature and nurture
A short history of nearly everything
Free radicals : the secret anarchy of science
Forgotten science : strange ideas from the scrapheap of history
Historical and philosophical perspectives of science
Butterflies & barbarians : Swiss missionaries & systems of knowledge in South-East Africa
Medieval and early modern science
Human genetics : the basics
Science in history : in 4 volumes. Volume 3, The natural sciences in our time
The Western intellectual tradition : from Leonardo to Hegel
Alternative sciences : creativity and authenticity in two Indian scientists
Stranger than we can imagine : making sense of the twentieth century
The Twilight of the Scientific Age
Summaries
The evolution debate, 1813-1870. Vol. 5, On the origin of species
A more perfect heaven : how Copernicus revolutionised the cosmos
Knowledge and society : studies in the sociology of science past and present : a research annual. 8
Chasing Venus : the race to measure the heavens
Mexican studies in the history and philosophy of science
Science in history : in 4 volumes. Volume 2, The scientific and industrial revolutions
The scientific revolution : a brief history with documents
