http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16311 nannies
nannies
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang
I heart bedtime
What the nanny saw
Global woman : nannies, maids and sex workers in the new economy
Abstract: Public health nurses as physical activity promoters in Finnish child health clinics. - Summary (s. 81-86)
How to be an outstanding childminder
The kingdom of little wounds
My little baby : Nintendo DS
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
Sisältää runsaasti lisämateriaalia, mm. dokumentin The movie magic of Mary Poppins.
Books can be deceiving : a library lover's mystery
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
The rise and fall of the British nanny : with a new introduction by the author
The book collector
The childminder's companion : a practical guide to looking after other people's children
The nanny diaries
Nanny McPhee & the big bang
Nanny returns
Residental child care : team development programme : a training programme for staff teams providing a residental service for children and young people
The sound of music
Who will sing my puff-a-bye?
Children educating children : young girls as nursemaids in Sweden and Finland, late nineteenth to mid-twentieth century
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
The boy
Working with children : How to find the right qualifications, training and job opportunities
The nanny diaries : a novel
A gate at the stairs : a novel
Mary Poppins and the house next door
Abstract: Do premature babies receive treatment for pain?.
According to yes
You'll never nanny in this town again : the true adventures of a Hollywood nanny
The royal nappy
A different class of murder : the story of Lord Lucan
Childminding : a guide to good practice
Jake and the babysitter
When will there be good news?
Jemima and Jake's new babysitter doesn't look too promising. In fact she looks very sensible, very old and VERY small (she only comes up to daddy's armpit!). But the moment their parents leave the house, Marge gives a mischievous wink, takes off her hat and reveals a marvellous mane of rainbow-coloured hair! Marge really is a babysitter like no other and the children spend a wild evening with her - racing snails, slurping chocolate soup and mixing potions in the bath! But if Jake and Jemima want her to babysit again it's time for them to take charge of Marge, tidy up and settle her down for a little sleep. Three hilarious, anarchic and charming MARGE stories from A-list actress, mother, writer and comedian Isla Fisher. Ages 7+
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Marge and the pirate baby
Marge in charge
Rethinking children's care
Global woman : nannies, maids, and sex workers in the new economy
Eoin Colfer's legend of Spud Murphy
The invisible cat meets mad Nana Dot
Young children, parents and professionals : enchancing the links in early childhood
Mary Poppins in Cherry Tree Lane
Five run away together
Confessions of a teen nanny : a novel
Servicing the middle classes : class, gender and waged domestic labour in contemporary Britain
Mary Poppins opens the door
Ethnographies of breastfeeding : cultural contexts and confrontations
National core curricula for health care education at lower level in Finland : translation of the main parts
Mary Poppins comes back
Encountering parents : professional action styles among nurses in pediatric care
In Mary Poppins Comes Back, the beloved nanny returns when she's pulled down from the clouds by the string of Michael's kite. In her care, the Banks children meet the King of the Castle and the Dirty Rascal, visit the upside-down world of Mr. Turvy and his bride, Miss Topsy, and spend a breathless afternoon above the park, dangling from a clutch of balloons. Surprises are sure to pop up when Mary Poppins is around! / WorldCat.
Working with the under-threes : training and professional development
Sweetheart
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
