http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16301 temporary agency work
temporary agency work
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
The initiation of personnel service agency employees
Non-standard employment in post-industrial labour markets : an occupational perspective
The riot
The Finnish occupational accidents and diseases statistics database employed for safety promotion
Abstract: Prerequisites for finding employment and selecting employees : a case study of employment in small and medium-sized enterprises
Economics for business : competition, macro-stability and globalisation
Designing service for a personnel agency in the social and health care sector
Job satisfaction and organisational commitment of hired workforce in restaurant X : - a case study
Out of the shadows : managing self-employed agency and outsourced workers
International conflicts of labour law : a survey of the law applicable to the international employment relation
Retaining temporary and part time personnel in the restaurant sector
Work processes and quality in the field of staff recruitment
Housing markets, liquidity constraints and labor mobility
Access to Finnish law
As the relevance of human resources in organisations is widely acknowledged, job satisfaction and commitment are essential issues for managers to consider. Job satisfaction of the employees is important to improve performance. It is also beneficial for managers to retain the valuable employees in the company. Literature review covers our main topics-job satisfaction and organisational commitment. Also, labour turnover and retention will be discussed in theory due to their relevance to the main topics.  The main aim of this research is to pinpoint the elements of satisfaction and dissatisfaction of hired work force and to assess the level of their commitment to their work and restaurant X.   The empirical part of this thesis was of qualitative nature and was conducted by interviewing six hired employees of Restaurant X by asking open-ended questions with a semi-structured question basis. Interviews were conducted over a six-week period during November and December 2005. One of the authors is employed by Restaurant X so her observations were used as the secondary research method. The interview material was analysed by dividing data into categories and diving each category further based on the material. Finally, conclusions were made about the job satisfaction and commitment of the hired workforce of Restaurant X.  The research results suggest that the job satisfaction of the hired work force in restaurant X is fairly high. Main issues of job satisfaction were variety of work and a good social atmosphere. Issues that were causing dissatisfaction were to do with orientation and lack of clarity in tasks or positions.
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Management and organization of temporary agency work
Income taxes, property values, and migration
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
Employer perception of temporary agency employees : case Manpower Oy
Career development possibilities through temporary recruitment  agencies : Case study
Principles of political economy : considered with a view to their practical application
Deregulation in placement services : a comparative study for eight EU countries
Recruitment Process Development : Improving the recruitment process at StaffPoint
Developing customer satisfaction for case company's project workers
On the social dimension in posting of workers : reasoning on posted workers directive, wage liability, minimum wages and right to industrial action
Temporary agency work and globalisation : beyond flexibility and inequality
Temporary agency work in Finland : backgroung documentary on temporary agency work in Europe
Access to finnish law
Hire services by farmers for farmers
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Organizational commitment of temporary agency workers : case: Rekrytointipalvelu Sihti Oy
A labor leasing company's possibilities to succeed in leasing blue collars in the Oulu region : case : Eilakaisla
Summary (s. 5).
Temporary employment businesses : general problems ; specific problems relating to legal or illegal hiring out of workers across borders
Tenant labour in Andean South America since the eighteenth century, a preliminary report
How to popularize radicality
Meeting planner's guide to catered events
The purpose of this thesis was to find out, how the case company could develop the customer satisfaction level of its mostly foreign project workers, who use English as their working language. The case company is specialized in staffing and recruiting in all business areas. The objective was to define the current level of customer satisfaction level and how it could be developed. In addition the target group's interest towards possible new services was investigated.  In the theory part customer relationship management, customer satisfaction, customer loyalty and development of customer relationships were examined. Service marketing was also researched. Each field was defined and it was investigated, how they could be measured.  The empirical part was conducted with a customer satisfaction questionnaire and a complementary interview. The customer satisfaction questionnaire was sent to the whole target group and the complementary interview was held for a small group. Qualitative research methods were used in the study. With the questionnaire and the interview, the current level of customer satisfaction was defined, means how to develop it and also, for what kind of new services the target group would be interested in.  The research findings were analyzed and they showed that the customer satisfaction level is good. Based on the findings, the case company was recommended to develop different services. These were for example free time activities, info package about working in Finland for foreigners and cleaning service. By developing new services the case company brings increased customer value to the current customer relationships, which could elevate the customer satisfaction level.
International perspectives on temporary agency work
