http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16329 history of science and learning
history of science and learning
Neuroscience : a historical introduction
"In science, sometimes it is best to keep things simple. Initially discrediting the discovery of neurons in jellyfish, mid-nineteenth-century scientists grouped jellyfish, comb-jellies, hydra, and sea anemones together under one term--"coelenterates"--and deemed these animals too similar to plants to warrant a nervous system. In Dawn of the Neuron, Michel Anctil shows how Darwin's theory of evolution completely eradicated this idea and cleared the way for the modern study of the neuron. Once zoologists accepted the notion that varying levels of animal complexity could evolve, they began to use simple-structured creatures such as coelenterates and sponges to understand the building blocks of more complicated nervous systems. Dawn of the Neuron provides fascinating insights into the labours and lives of scientists who studied coelenterate nervous systems over several generations, and who approached the puzzling origin of the first nerve cells through the process outlined in evolutionary theory. Anctil also reveals how these scientists, who were willing to embrace improved and paradigm-changing scientific methods, still revealed their cultural backgrounds, their societal biases, and their attachments to schools of thought and academic traditions while presenting their ground-breaking work. Their attitudes toward the neuron doctrine--where neurons are individual, self-contained cells--proved decisive in the exploration of how neurons first emerged. Featuring photographs and historical sketches to illustrate this quest for knowledge, Dawn of the Neuron is a remarkably in-depth exploration of the link between Darwin's theory of evolution and pioneering studies and understandings of the first evolved nervous systems."--Dust jacket.
The transformation of mathematics in the early Mediterranean world : from problems to equations
An episodic history of mathematics : mathematical culture through problem solving
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 3 : A section of volume 4, part 3 of the major series : discovery of the magnetic compass : ships and shipbuilding : voyages and discoveries : navigation : propulsion and steering : techniques of peace and war afloat: an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Chronology of the history of archaeology in the Netherlands up till 1922
Almost 75 years since his death, Freud remains as influential and divisive as ever. This major, new introduction argues that mistranslations, clichés, and misconceptions surround his reception. Author Beverley Clack argues that Freud was as concerned with "the death drive" as the "sex drive" and that his fierce critique of religion masked a fascination with spiritual, existential, and philosophical questions. Exploring how his life influenced his thought, plus philosophers like Schopenhauer and Nietzsche, Clack updates all of Freud's key ideas and case studies and highlights why his work remains relevant.
ARCHAEOLOGY IN FINLAND BEFORE 1920
The article looks at the development of cartographic representations of Finland from a social constructionist perspective. The image of Finland, as portrayed on maps, has contributed significantly to the Finnish nation-building process. As a medium for the dissemination of information, maps have enabled the broad popularisation of the idea of Finland as a unified territory and nation. Maps have also helped to build the sense of Finnishness by representing the country in exclusively Finnish terms, e.g., with Finnish place names. Finally, maps build the sense of a continuous national history by situating political and cultural events and portraying these in a timeless manner. In all, maps are powerful representations that should be assessed as agents of change rather than passive objects.
"Why did Einstein tirelessly study unified field theory for more than 30 years? In this book, the author argues that Einstein believed he could find a unified theory of all of nature's forces by repeating the methods he used when he formulated general relativity. The book discusses Einstein's route to the general theory of relativity, focusing on the philosophical lessons that he learnt. It then addresses his quest for a unified theory for electromagnetism and gravity, discussing in detail his efforts with Kaluza-Klein and, surprisingly, the theory of spinors. From these perspectives, Einstein's critical stance towards the quantum theory comes to stand in a new light. This book will be of interest to physicists, historians and philosophers of science".
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
The revolt against dualism : an inquiry concerning the existence of ideas
The development of social psychology
Science and philosophy in the Soviet Union
Return from the natives : how Margaret Mead won the Second World War and lost the Cold War
Health : the first prerequisite of the joy of life : the history of the subject of health education in Finland
"This inaugural volume of The Franz Boas Papers Documentary Edition series presents current scholarship from the various academic disciplines that were shaped and continue to be influenced by Franz Boas (1858-1942). Few of Boas's intellectual progeny span the range of his disciplinary and public engagements. In his later career, Boas moved beyond Native American studies to become a public intellectual and advocate for social justice, particularly with reference to racism against African Americans and Jews and discrimination against women in science. He was a passionate defender of academic freedom, rigorous scholarship, and anthropology as a humane calling. The Franz Boas Papers, Volume 1 examines Boas's stature as a public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography, and activism. The volume's contributors move across many of the disciplines within which Boas himself worked, bringing to bear their expertise in Native studies, anthropology, history, linguistics, folklore, ethnomusicology, museum studies, comparative literature, English, film studies, philosophy, and journalism. This volume demonstrates a contemporary urgency to reassessing Boas both within the field of anthropology and beyond. "--
Structures of knowing : psychologies of the nineteenth century
Cosmology
A hundred and fifty years of archeology
Theoretical anthropology
The legacy of Greece
The Oxford Handbook of the History of Psychology: Global Perspectives describes the historical development of psychology in countries throughout the world. Contributors to this volume provide narratives that examine the political and socioeconomic forces that have shaped their nations' psychologies.
The Whig interpretation of history
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 2 : Volume 3 and a section of volume 4, part 1 of the major series : mathematics : astronomy : meteorology : geography & map-making : geology & related sciences : physics (excluding elecricity & magnetism): an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
On the origin of species : by means of natural selection, or, The preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life
The story of the false entries, good-faith errors, retractions, and mistakes that occurred during the formation of the Periodic Table of Elements as we know it.
Race unmasked : biology and race in the twentieth century
Scientists and the sea 1650-1900 : a study of marine science
History, law and the human sciences : medieval and renaissance perspectives
A history of psychology : ideas and context
The periodic table and a missed Nobel Prize
History of economic theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Historical and cross-cultural aspects of psychology
Handbook of phenomenological aesthetics
This book provides one perspective on how Applied Linguistics has been defined and how the field of Applied Linguistics has developed over the last 30 years. The author addresses themes like why formal linguistic theories lost so much ground and how the interest in more socially oriented approaches grew? He also addresses the impact of Applied Linguistics on language teaching. Adopting a theme-based approach, the structure of this book is largely defined by the topics covered in interviews with 40 leading international figures selected by the author including Rod Ellis, Diane Larsen-Freeman, Susan Gass, Henry Widdowson, Suresh Canagarajah and Claire Kramsch. These data are supplemented by questionnaires from a further fifty applied linguists, also selected by the author. This will be of interest to anyone studying or researching Applied Linguistics and will also be relevant to those in the related area of English Language Teaching.
Commemorative practices in science : historical pespectives on the politics of collective memory
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Darwin studies : a theorist and his theories in their contexts
Our necessary shadow : the nature and meaning of psychiatry
Tinbergen's legacy : function and mechanism in behavioral biology
Disciplining reproduction : modernity, American life sciences, and "the problems of sex"
History of anthropology
Madness and memory : the discovery of prions - a new biological principle of disease
The adventure of archaeology
Historical and philosophical perspectives of science
Scientific discovery, logic, and rationality : [Guy L. Leonard memorial conference in philosophy, 1, University of Nevada, Reno 1978]
The great archaeologists
A brief history of physical education
Newton
Particle or wave : the evolution of the concept of matter in modern physics
Ecology revisited : reflecting on concepts, advancing science
How economists model the world into number
In 1997, Stanley B. Prusiner received a Nobel Prize, the world's most prestigious award for achievement in physiology or medicine. That he was the sole recipient of the award for the year was entirely appropriate. His struggle to identify the agent responsible for ravaging the brains of animals suffering from scrapie and mad cow disease, and of humans with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, had been waged largely alone and in some cases in the face of strenuous disagreement. In this book, Prusiner tells the remarkable story of his discovery of prions -- infectious proteins that replicate and cause disease but surprisingly contain no genetic material -- and reveals how superb and meticulous science is actually practiced with talented teams of researchers who persevere. He recounts the frustrations and rewards of years of research and offers fascinating portraits of his peers as they raced to discover the causes of fatal brain diseases. Prusiner's hypothesis, once considered heresy, now stands as accepted science and the basis for developing diagnoses and eventual cures. He closes with a meditation on the legacy of his discovery: What will it take to cure Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Lou Gehrig's and other devastating diseases of the brain?
Mathematizing space : the objects of geometry from Antiquity to the Early Modern Age
Sturtevant and Dobzhansky, two scientists at odds : with a student's recollections
The development of Soviet folkloristics
On understanding science : an historical approach
The history of Hungarian ethnography
Wallace, Darwin, and the origin of species
National religion and the prayer book controversy
Science at the cross roads : papers presented to the International Congress of the History of Science and Technology, held in London from June 29. to July 3., 1931.
The Cambridge companion to the "Origin of species"
Religion and the rise of modern science
The Sociology of Max Weber
History of psychology : a source book in systematic psychology
World changes : Thomas Kuhn and the nature of science
Constitutional theory
Medicine and Western civilization
Anthropology at the crossroads : the view from France
The Sage handbook of cultural sociology
Voodoo priests, noble savages, and Ozark Gypsies : the life of folklorist Mary Alicia Owen
The science of pleasure : cosmos and psyche in the bourgeois world view
Moon : a brief history
Landmarks in western science : from prehistory to the atomic age
50 years of DNA
Scientific practice : theories and stories of doing physics
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology
Beatrice Paolucci : shaping destiny through everyday life
Mathematics in historical context
Thinking about life : the history and philosophy of biology and other sciences
The end of science : facing the limits of knowledge in the twilight of the scientific age
Bio-power and pathology. Scince and power in the Foucauldian histories of medicine, psychiatry and sexuality
The right tools for the job : at work in twentieth-century life sciences
Scientific thought in the twentieth century : an authorative account of fifty years's progress in science
The historian's craft
Technological man : the myth and the reality
A history of applied linguistics : from 1980 to the present
Boris Asaf'ev and the Soviet musicology
The hunt for Vulcan : how Albert Einstein destroyed a planet and deciphered the universe
Paradigms in statistical inference for finite populations up to the 1950s
"The introductory volume to the Franz Boas Papers: Documentary Edition, which examines Boas' stature as public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography and activism"--
Benedetto Croce's poetry and literature : an introduction to its criticism and history
The geography of science
Science deified & science defied : the historical significance of science in Western culture. Vol. 2, From the early modern age through the early romantic era, ca. 1640 to ca. 1820
They made our world : five centuries of great scientists and inventors
Social psychology, past and present : an interactive orientation
The great archaeologists : and their discoveries as originally reported in the pages of The Illustrated London News
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
Historical linguistics and Biblical Hebrew : steps toward an integrated approach
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Emerging sociology : an international perspective
A history of mathematics
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
The weather experiment : the pioneers who sought to see the future
The story of medicine : from bloodletting to biotechnology
History of psychology
Images of man : a history of anthropological thought
The shorter science and civilisation in China. Volume 1 : Volumes 1 and 2 of the major series : China: its language, geography and history : Chinese philosophy and scientific thought: an abridgement of Joseph Needham's original text
Archive for history of exact sciences
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
The making of sociology : A study of sociological theory. 1, Beginnings and foundations
"This book offers a unique, critical perspective on the history of Peruvian archaeology by a native scholar. Leading Peruvian archaeologist Henry Tantaleán illuminates the cultural legacy of colonialism beginning with "founding father" Max Uhle and traces key developments to the present. These include the growth of Peruvian institutions; major figures from Tello and Valcarcel to Larco, Rowe, and Murra; war, political upheaval, and Peruvian regimes; developments in archaeological and social science theory as they impacted Andean archaeology; and modern concerns such as heritage, neoliberalism, and privatization. This post-colonial perspective on research and its sociopolitical context is an essential contribution to Andean archaeology and the growing international dialogue on the history of archaeology"--
Image and logic : a material culture of microphysics
The first hundred years : egyptology at University College London 1892-1992
Sex versus survival : the life and ideas of Sabina Spielrein
Einstein's unification
Shaping the history of education : the first 50 years of paedagogica historica
Freud on the couch : a critical introduction to the father of psychoanalysis
Organized into six thematic sections, this book gives short biographies and assessments of the achievements of 70 of the worlds greatest practitioners, written by a 40-strong team of contributors, themselves all eminent archaeologists and authors.
Science in the Third Reich
History of the human sciences
Isis : an international review devoted to the history of science and its cultural influences
Leviathan and the air-pump : Hobbes, Boyle, and the experimental life
Pluto's Republic : incorporating The art of the soluble and Induction and intuition in scientific thought
A short history of medicine
The Norton history of chemistry
A history of mathematics. Vol. 1, General survey of the history of elementary mathematics
Friedrich Hayek : a biography
The history of economic thought
Abstract: Equality and Progress - The Finnish Education Project Under Russian Rule.
Modern political science : Anglo-American exchanges since 1880
Local knowledge, global stage
Corridor talk to culture history : public anthropology and its consequences
Lev Vygotsky : revolutionary scientist
Analyticity : selected readings
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
A history of medicine
Phenomenology and deconstruction. Vol. 3, Breakdown in communication
The Norton history of the environmental sciences
Perspectives on higher education : eight disciplinary and comparative views
Historical introduction to modern psychology
From Galileo to Newton 1630-1720
Phenomenology and deconstruction. Vol. 4, Solitude
Science in Russia and the Soviet Union : a short history
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
Soviet studies of premodern China : assessments of recent scholarship
A hundred years of archaeology
International science and national scientific identity : Australia between Britain and America
Haldane, Mayr, and beanbag genetics
The Oxford handbook of the history of psychology : global perspectives
Sociology & empire : the imperial entanglements of a discipline
Forgotten science : strange ideas from the scrapheap of history
American anthropology and company : historical explorations
Darwinism evolving : systems dynamics and the genealogy of natural section
The relationship between ethnology and cultural anthropology in Finland
The environmental sciences
Moral conscience through the ages : fifth century BCE to the present
The history of science : an annotated bibliography
A history of scientific ideas
From caveman to chemist : circumstances and achievements
Voice of the Earth : exploration of ecopsychology
Mind, body, world : foundations of cognitive science
History of western philosophy
A documentary history of the problem of fall from Kepler to Newton
Other peoples, other customs : world ethnography and its history
The Franz Boas papers : Franz Boas as public intellectual : theory, ethnography, activism
"Anthropology and anthropologists provides an entertaining and provocative account of British social anthropology from the foundations of the discipline, through the glory years of the mid-twentieth century and on to the transformation in recent decades. The book shocked the anthropological establishment on first publication in 1973 but soon established itself as one of the introductions for students of anthropology. Forty years later, this now classic work has been radically revised. Adam Kuper situates the leading actors in their historical and institutional context, probes their rivalries, revisits their debates, and reviews their key ethnographies. Drawing on recent scholarship he shows how the discipline was shaped by the colonial setting and by developments in the social sciences"--
Anthropologists and their traditions across national borders
The German historical school and European economic thought
The cold war in biology
Folklore and modern Irish writing
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Women in political theory
Dawn of the neuron : the early struggles to trace the origin of nervous systems
The lost elements : the periodic table's shadow side
The study of music therapy : current issues and concepts
Learning theory and online technologies
Greek science in antiquity
The gene : an intimate history
Anthropology and anthropologists : the British school in the twentieth century
The history of Finnish vocational education and training
In the company of others : the development of anthropology in Israel
Stargazers : Copernicus, Galileo, the telescope and the church : the astronomical renaissance 1500-1700
A history of Western science
A shorter history of science
Judgement on history and historians
Who was Sabina Spielrein? She is probably best known for her notorious affair with Carl Jung, which was dramatized in the film A Dangerous Method, starring Keira Knightley. Yet her life story is much more compelling than just one famous relationship. Spielrein overcame family and psychological abuse to become a profoundly original thinker in her own right. Sex Versus Survival is the first biography to put her life and ideas at the center of the story and examine Spielrein's key role in the development of psychoanalysis. Drawing on fresh research into Spielrein's diaries, papers, and correspondence, John Launer shows how Spielrein's overlooked ideas--rejected by Freud and Jung but substantially vindicated by later developments in psychology and evolutionary biology--may represent the last and most important stage in the rediscovery of an extraordinary life.
H. G. Bronn, Ernst Haeckel, and the origins of German Darwinism : a study in translation and transformation
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Continuity and innovation in medieval and modern philosophy : knowledge, mind and language
Towards an historiography of science
Finnish folklore research 1828-1918
World history in the twentieth century
In context : history and the history of technology : essays in honor of Melvin Kranzberg
Evolution : the history of an idea
Hidden histories of science
Presents a brief yet authoritative 500-year history of the science, the philosophy, and the controversies of modern medicine. While this work mainly explores Western medicine, González-Crussi also describes how modern medicine's roots extend to both Greco-Roman antiquity and Eastern medical traditions. Covered in detail are the birth of anatomy and the practice of dissections; the transformation of surgery from a gruesome art to a sophisticated medical specialty; a short history of infectious diseases; the evolution of the diagnostic process; advances in obstetrics and anesthesia; and modern psychiatric therapies and the challenges facing organized medicine today. González-Crussi's approach to these and other topics stems from his professed belief that the history of medicine isn't just a continuum of scientific achievement but is deeply influenced by the personalities of the men and women who made or implemented these breakthroughs.
The Fontana history of chemistry
In a relatively brief but masterful recounting, Professor Ulf Lagerkvist traces the origins and seminal developments in the field of chemistry, highlighting the discoveries and personalities of the individuals who transformed the ancient myths of the Greeks, the musings of the alchemists, the mystique of phlogiston into the realities and the laws governing the properties and behavior of the elements; in short, how chemistry became a true science. A centerpiece of this historical journey was the triumph by Dmitri Mendeleev who conceived the Periodic Law of the Elements, the relation between the properties of the elements and their atomic weights but more precisely their atomic number. Aside from providing order to the elements known at the time, the law predicted the existence and atomic order of elements not then known but were discovered soon after. An underlying but explicit intent of Lagerkist's survey is to address what he believes was a gross injustice in denying Mendeleev the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1905 and again in 1906. Delving into the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences' detailed records concerning the nominations, Lagerkvist reveals the judging criteria and the often heated and prejudicial arguments favoring and demeaning the contributions of the competing contenders of those years. Lagerkvist, who was a member of the Swedish Academy of Sciences and has participated in judging nominations for the chemistry prize, concludes "It is in the nature of the Nobel Prize that there will always be a number candidates who obviously deserve to be rewarded but never get the accolade".
Women in chemistry and physics : a biobibliographic sourcebook
The sleepwalkers : a history of man's changing vision of the universe
History of Indological Studies
Social theory : the multicultural, global, and classic readings
The historical evolution of the international political economy. Vol. 2
A history of modern psychology
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
Heinrich Hertz : the beginning of microwaves
A concise history of mathematics
Chemistry and modern society : historical essays in honor of Aaron J. Ihde
Styles of scientific thinking in the European tradition : the history of argument and explanation especially in the mathematical and biomedical sciences and arts. 3
History of mathematics. Vol. 2, Special topics of elementary mathematics
Challenging the Matthew effect : international exchange of publications in four Finnish learned societies until the Second World War
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
The social sciences since the second world war
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
Attitudes toward history
The historical evolution of the international political economy. Vol. 1
By the bomb's early light : American thought and culture at the dawn of the atomic age : with a new preface by the author
Scholars of Byzantium
From the idea that the Earth could be hollow, to the notion that bees were far too religious to bother with sex, to the claim that a dying civilisation might inhabit Mars, there have been many crackpot scientific ideas and schemes proposed throughout history. Some of these ideas remained the preserve of the lunatic fringe, whilst others were sincerely believed in by credible mainstream figures and were even put into actual practice. S.D. Tucker discusses the history and nature of several of the most bizarre and outmoded ideas from throughout history, discovering which had a grain of truth to them and which were always destined to end up on the scrapheap of history.
The study of fugue
Social science and historical perspectives : society, science, and ways of knowing
A history of the life sciences
The struggle to understand : a history of human wonder and discovery
Mind in science : a history of explanations in psychology and physics
When the Eiffel Tower was new : French visions of progress at the centennial of the revolution
Directory of British scientific instrument makers 1550-1851
Science deified & science defied : the historical significance of science in Western culture. [Vol. 1], From the Bronze Age to the beginnings of the modern era, ca. 3500 B.C. to ca. A.D. 1640
Pioneers of the field : South Africa's women anthropologists
The idea of historical recurrence in Western thought : from antiquity to the reformation
Peruvian archaeology : a critical history
The story of science : from the writings of Aristotle to the big bang theory
Scientific thought in the twentieth century : an authoritative account of fifty years' progress in science
The life and times of modern physics : history of physics II
World parliament – fact or fiction? : on the feasibility of world parliamentary models
Mapping the historical sense of Finland
Natural selection and beyond : the intellectual legacy of Alfred Russel Wallace
Toward a science of man : essays in the history of anthropology
Fragments on history of physics and mathematics : antras papildytas leidimas
Problemy istoričeskoj demografii SSSR = Essays in problems of historical demography of the U.S.S.R. = Ajaloolise demograafia probleeme NSV Liidus : sbornik statej
Political arithmetic : Simon Kuznets and the empirical tradition in economics
The story of psychology : a thematic history
The history of chemistry in Finland 1828-1918 : With chapters on the political, economic and industrial background
This book brings together papers of the conference on 'Space, Geometry and the Imagination from Antiquity to the Modern Age' held in Berlin, Germany, 27-29 August 2012. Focusing on the interconnections between the history of geometry and the philosophy of space in the pre-Modern and Early Modern Age, the essays in this volume are particularly directed toward elucidating the complex epistemological revolution that transformed the classical geometry of figures into the modern geometry of space.
Charles Darwin is often credited with discovering natural selection, but the idea was not his alone. The naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace, working independently, saw the same process at work and elaborated much the same theory. Their important scientific contributions made both men famous in their lifetimes, but Wallace slipped into obscurity after his death, while Darwin's renown grew. Dispelling the misperceptions that continue to paint Wallace as a secondary figure, James Costa reveals the two naturalists as true equals in advancing one of the greatest scientific discoveries of all time. Analyzing Wallace's "Species Notebook," Costa shows how Wallace's methods and thought processes paralleled Darwin's, yet inspired insights uniquely his own. Kept during his Southeast Asian expeditions of the 1850s, the notebook is a window into Wallace's early evolutionary ideas. Most important, it demonstrates conclusively that natural selection was not some idea Wallace stumbled upon, but the culmination of a decade-long quest to solve the mystery of the origin of species.--From publisher description.
Introduction to economic science
Genetic analysis : a history of genetic thinking
Introduction ; Bibliography
