http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1632 psychology
psychology
Theories in educational psychology
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
How to overcome bullying at school? : the adult survivors' perspective
The handbook of solitude : psychological perspectives on social isolation, social withdrawal, and being alone
Evolutionary psychology has the all answers
A century of psychology : progress, paradigms and prospects for the new millenium
Inventing new uses for tools : a cognitive foundation for studies on appropriation
An introduction to counselling
A practical guide to critical thinking : deciding what to do and believe
Acceptance-, mindfulness- and value-based psychological coaching for elite female floorball players
Introduction to SPSS statistics in psychology : for version 19 and earlier
Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to psychology
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Psychological monographs : general and applied
Overcome psychological obstacles to increase trading success Successful traders need to be well-versed and skilled in a wide range of business and economic areas. But now, in addition to effective trading strategies and sound money management techniques, traders need to possess the know-how to handle the mental and emotional challenges of working in a highly volatile environment. Excellence in Trading is a unique resource that applies cutting-edge psychological techniques to trading skills, allowing readers to improve their mental outlooks and maximize the potential of their trading strategies.
Psychology for A level
The fear of freedom
Psychology : science & understanding
Neuroeconomics : decision making and the brain
Psychology : from science to practice
Flourish : a new understanding of happiness and well-being - and how to achieve them
Introduction to psychology
Comprehensive, straightforward and clear, Introduction to Research Methods in Psychology, 3rd edition is the essential student guide to understanding and undertaking quantitative and qualitative research in psychology. Updated throughout to include new topics such as the latest developments in online support for conducting research and data management, this new edition continues to provide a thorough, accessible and up to date coverage of the field. The book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students check and further their understanding of the subject. Visit www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt to find out more. "Howitt and Cramer's Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition) offers the clearest and most comprehensive coverage of research methods for first year psychology students on the market. Indeed, it is a priceless source of advice and information on research design for students throughout their undergraduate career, and even into postgraduate study."
Association of length of sleep with dietary intake and weight in the Kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study
The Act of Remembering : toward an understanding of how we recall the past
Presents the case for an exciting new research program in the social sciences based on the theory of recognition developed by Axel Honneth and others in recent years. The theory provides a frame for revealing new insights about conflicts and the potential of recognition theory to guide just resolutions of these conflicts is also explored.
Neuroscience and behavioral physiology
This bestseller provides a comprehensive introduction to the theory and practice of counselling and therapy. The book has been thoroughly updated with new references and examples and now has information on topics such as: Transactional analysis; The use of natural environment in counselling; The contribution of arts-based approaches; and, Integrating theory into practice. To help readers, the author has extended the introduction to the book in order to outline the aims of the book and explain its structure so that this is clear to the reader from the outset. The pedagogy of this edition has also been improved in order to enhance learning. Each chapter includes: topics for further discussion; key terms and concepts; suggested further reading; and, case studies and illustrations. This book remains the book of choice for students and tutors on introductory counselling courses.
Psychology : a problem-solving approach
Language and the ineffable : a developmental perspective and its applications
A user-friendly guide to the basics of human behavior and mental processes. Cash cuts through the jargon to explain what psychology is all about and what it tells you about why you do the things you do.
Foundations of psychology : an introductory text
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Diffuse and discrete associations in aversive classical conditioning
Psychology : a study of mental life
This reference work offers a comprehensive compilation of current psychological research related to the construct of solitude Explores numerous psychological perspectives on solitude, including those from developmental, neuropsychological, social, personality, and clinical psychology Examines different developmental periods across the lifespan, and across a broad range of contexts, including natural environments, college campuses, relationships, meditation, and cyberspace Includes contributions from the leading international experts in the field Covers concepts and theoretical approaches, empirical research, as well as clinical applications.
Enhancing the quality of learning : dispositions, instruction, and learning processes
Abnormal psychology : Fundamentals of
New ideas in psychology : an international journal of innovative theory in psychology
Psychology and life
On the application of mathematical learning theories
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
You & your aging parent : a family guide to emotional, social, health, and financial problems
The Silesian town of Bedzin lies a mere twenty-five miles from Auschwitz. Through its linked ghettos and that of its neighboring town, some 85,000 Jews passed on their way to slave labor or the gas chambers. The principal civilian administrator of Bedzin, Udo Klausa, was a happily married family man. He was also responsible for implementing Nazi policies towards the Jews in his area - inhumane processes that were the precursors of genocide. Yet he later claimed, like so many other Germans after the war, that he had 'known nothing about it.' This book re-creates Udo Klausa's story. Using a wealth of personal letters, memoirs, testimonies, interviews and other sources, the author pieces together his role in the unfolding stigmatization and degradation of the Jews under his authority, as well as the heroic attempts at resistance on the part of some of his victims.Portrayed is a fascinating insight into the inner conflicts of a Nazi functionary who, throughout, considered himself a 'decent' man. She also explores the conflicting memories and evasions of his life after the war. But the book is much more than a portrayal of an individual man. Udo Klausa's case is so important because it is in many ways so typical. Behind Klausa's story is the larger story of how countless local functionaries across the Third Reich facilitated the murderous plans of a relatively small number among the Nazi elite - and of how those plans could never have been realized, on the same scale, without the diligent cooperation of these generally very ordinary administrators. As the author shows, men like Klausa 'knew' and yet mostly suppressed this knowledge, performing their day jobs without apparent recognition of their own role in the system, or any sense of personal wrongdoing or remorse - either before or after 1945.This account is no ordinary historical reconstruction. For the author did not discover Udo Klausa amongst the archives, she has known the Klausa family all her life. She had no inkling of her subject's true role in the Third Reich until a few years ago, a discovery that led directly to this inescapably personal professional history.
Mixing methods in psychology : the integration of qualitative and quantitative methods in theory and practice
How to think straight about psychology
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions, and hurtful acts
Searching for physical features and category information : how similar are the processes?
Psychological issues
Differences in selling B2B and B2C markets : sales psychology and customer experience
Consumer culture, identity and well-being : the search for the "good life" and the "body perfect"
This comprehensive reference work on personality psychology discusses the development and measurement of personality, biological and social determinants, dynamic personality processes, the personality's relation to the self, and personality in relation to applied psychology. Each chapter provides a concise summary of the subject. Topics include such areas as: the nature of personality psychology; the Five Factor model; individual differences; stability of personality; evolutionary foundations of personality; cross-cultural perspectives; emotion; psychological defences; and the connection between personality and health.
Does success at work produce well-being and happiness or vice versa?
Ethical issues in behavioral research : basic and applied perspectives
Research methods and statistics in psychology
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Psychological bulletin : evaluative reviews of research literature and articles on research methodology in psychology
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Emotional Intelligence 2.0
Discusses key topics of advertising from the fields of social and consumer psychology. This book addresses important questions such as: What impact does advertising have on consumer behaviour? What causes this impact? And what are the psychological processes responsible for the effectiveness of advertising?
For undergraduate courses in cost-benefit analysis. A practical introduction to cost-benefit analysis through problem solving. This authoritative, market-leading text is known for its consistent application of a nine-step framework for conducting or interpreting a cost-benefit analysis. This edition includes a number of chapters that have been revised and reorganized to make the material clearer and more accessible.
Rational choice and psychology in crisis decision-making
Biological psychology
Encyclopedia of Adolescence
Health-related quality of life and its associating factors among 25-64-year-old adults with or without long-term mental symptoms.
Oxford handbooks online. Psychology
Educational psychology
The principles of psychology. Vol. 1
Textbook of psychology
WTF are men thinking? : 250,000 men tell the truth about what women really want to know
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Written within a bio-psychosocial framework, Cavanaugh and Blanchard-Fields' text covers the specific ages-stages of adult development and aging. In its unparalleled coverage of current research and theory, the authors draw clear connections between research and application. The book's focus on "positive aging" and the gains and losses people experience across adulthood distinguish it from its competitors.
Our sense that a waltz is "in three" or a blues song is "in four with a shuffle" comes from our sense of musical meter. Hearing in Time explores the metric aspect of our musical experience from a psychological point of view. Musical meter is taken as a musically-specific instance entrainment, that is, our more general ability to synchronize our actions to the rhythms around us. As such, musical meter is subject to a number of fundamental perceptual and cognitive constraints. These constraints are the cornerstones of Hearing in Time's account of musical meter. Hearing in Time also takes into account the fact that listening to music, like many other rhythmic activities, is something that we do a lot. It also approaches musical meter in the context of music as it is actually performed, with nuances of timing and dynamics, rather than as a theoretical ideal. Hearing in Time's approach to meter is not based on any particular musical style or cultural practice, and so it discusses musical examples from a wide range of musical styles and cultures--from Beethoven and Bach to Brubeck and Ghanaian (Ewe) drumming. In taking this broad approach a number of fundamental similarities between a variety of different metric phenomena--such as the difference between so-called simple versus complex or additive meters--become apparent. Hearing in Time is written for musicians, musicologists, music theorists and psychologists who are interested in rhythm and meter. Only a modest ability read a musical score is presumed, and most musical examples are taken from familiar popular and classical repertory.
Introducing psychology
Influence : science and practice
Explorations in psychology
From procedures to objects : a research agenda for the psychology of object-oriented programming education
An action research case study intervention : psychological skills training program in high school
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of the psychology of coaching and mentoring
Multivariate behavioral research
Psychology : the essential science
Adult development and aging
Ethical considerations have a formidable influence on planning and conducting research. Concerns over the ethical dimensions of behavioral research have risen dramatically, resulting in significant developments in ethical codification and the research review process. The ever-changing nature of the ethical climate in research coincides with the increased sensitivity to ethics in other domains such as those involving global corporations as Enron and WorldCom. An adherence to basic values of integrity represents a fundamental concern for behavioral researchers as we progress through the 21st century. This new edition focuses on the research community's response to current professional and public demands, the issues imposed by new research technologies, and the ethical challenges that arise in the application of research approaches. Additionally, attention is given to some of the ethical issues and conflicts encountered in cross-cultural research, reflecting the increase of fundamental and applied researchers conducting studies in foreign settings.
Cross-cultural psychology : research and applications
International perspectives on psychological science. Vol. 1, Leading themes : keynote lectures presented at the XXV International Congress of Psychology, Brussels 1992
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
This comprehensive introduction to Qualitative Methods in Psychology offers step by step practical advice and guidance on a range of important topics in this field. The qualitative researcher must learn how to collate data effectively in order to understand behaviour in a natural setting, how to understand an experience from the perspective of the research participant and also how to understand the meanings people give to their experience. Illustrative research studies throughout this book provide a picture of how different methods have been used to answer real research questions. Key concepts outline important terms and ideas; each chapter adopts a common structure to explain what each method encompasses, how to use it, and when to use it. Every chapter ends with recommended resources for further study including books, journal articles, and web pages as appropriate. Chapter overview and summaries provide a useful framework to help guide study and revision. The book is supported by a fantastic companion website www.pearsoned.co.uk/Howitt featuring a range of great resources to help students consolidate their understanding of qualitative methods. Qualitative Research Methods in Psychology will equip the researcher with the ability and knowledge to collate and analyse data, whilst taking into account ethical considerations, to enable them to write up their qualitative research report.
The psychology of advertising
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Handbook of driving simulation for engineering, medicine, and psychology
Identities at work
Cross-Cultural Psychology is a leading textbook offering senior undergraduate and graduate students a thorough and balanced overview of the whole field of cross-cultural psychology. The team of internationally acclaimed authors present the latest empirical research, theory, methodology and applications from around the world. They discuss all domains of behavior (including development, social behavior, personality, cognition, psycholinguistics, emotion and perception), and present the three main approaches in cross-cultural psychology (cultural, culture-comparative, and indigenous traditions) as well as applications to a number of domains (including acculturation, intercultural relations and communication, work and health). With new additions to the writing team, the third edition benefits from an even broader range of cross-cultural perspectives. Now in 2-colour, the format is even more reader-friendly and the features include chapter outlines, chapter summaries, further reading and an updated glossary of key terms. This edition also offers an accompanying website containing additional material and weblinks.
Between man and man
Approaches to psychology
Strangers in their own land : anger and mourning on the American right
The effects of supervisory behavior on distress in a job secure versus job insecure working environment
International perspectives on psychological science. Volume 2, The state of the art : state of the art lectures presented at the XXV International Congress of Psychology, Brussels 1992
Psychology today : Espoo
Now in its 16th edition, Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology has been fully revised and updated to reflect all recent research developments, theories and ideas, whilst also retaining all of the qualities which have established it as a leading undergraduate psychology textbook over the past five decades, including its highly accessible and engaging student-centred approach. The established author team of Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara Fredrickson and Geoffrey R. Loftus has been joined by Christel Lutz (University of Utrecht), who has helped to add a fresh European influence, and thereby create a truly international introductory textbook. The 'Cutting Edge Research' box features and 'Seeing Both Sides' essays which conclude each chapter have been fully updated and replaced throughout, using contributions from a range of experts across the globe, and really help to bring the text to life for students.
Conservation psychology : understanding and promoting human care for nature
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
Encyclopedia of consciousness
Functional limitations and quality of life in schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
Mind whispering : a new map to freedom from self-defeating emotional habits
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Acta psychologica Fennica. I : [toim.] Kai von Fieandt
This handbook addresses universal developmental and cultural factors contributing to child and adolescent mental health and well-being across the globe. It examines sociocultural contexts of development and identifies children's and adolescents' perspectives as critical to understanding and promoting their psychological well-being. It details the Promoting Psychological Well-Being Globally project's methodology for data collection and analysis, provides cross-cultural analyses of its findings, and offers a practical model for clinicians and other professionals seeking to apply this knowledge to real-life settings. Featured topics include:  Sexual health, gender roles, and psychological well-being in India. Psychological well-being as a new educational boundary in Italy. Mapping psychological well-being in Romania. Youth perspectives on contributing factors to psychological well-being in Sri Lanka. Culturally specific resilience and vulnerability in Tanzania. Longing for a balanced life - the voices of Chinese-American/immigrant youth in the United States. The International Handbook of Psychological Well-Being in Children and Adolescents: Bridging the Gaps Between Theory, Research, and Practice is an invaluable resources for researchers, clinicians, scientist-practitioners, and graduate students in child and school psychology, social work, public health, positive psycholo gy, educational policy and politics, and maternal and child health.
Companion encyclopedia of psychology. Volume 1
Handbook of Personality Psychology
Theories in Educational Psychology's purpose is to introduce readers to the pioneering educational psychology theories that continue to shape our understanding of the classroom learning environment, present support for the theories from perspectives in the current research literature, and share how these theoretical traditions have translated into effective teaching methods. Each chapter will be infused with practical teaching examples, classroom vignettes, and instructional strategies so readers are continually confronted with how theory translates to practice. In addition to becoming familiar with the conceptual understanding of core theoretical knowledge, readers will also be presented with current thinking about each theory and an introduction to important related topics at the close of each chapter. The chapters will also conclude with activities designed to help readers reflect on their learning of each chapter's content.
How to win friends and influence people
History and philosophy of psychology
Before we are anything else, we are feeling bodies. In fact, feelings are an important part of every experience we ever have. Feelings are not just emotions, and in practice cannot be separated from the processes of thinking and reasoning they are often assumed to simply interfere with. This book explains what feelings are and describes how they contribute to other psychological phenomena. Although feelings are often thought of as wholly private and personal, this book demonstrates that they are simultaneously social and relational. The book explains how analyses that include feelings can transform understandings of key topics related to health and illness - health beliefs, doctor-patient interactions in chronic fatigue, and madness. Some of the wider implications of this approach are also considered, both with respect to psychology and in relation to the ongoing 'affective turn' in the social sciences and humanities.
Group creativity : innovation through collaboration
Counter transference in music therapy : a phenomenological study on counter transference used as a clinical concept by music therapists working with musical improvisation in adult psychiatry
Psychology of learning for instruction
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Provocative coaching : making things better by making them worse
The sport psychologist's handbook : a guide for sport-specific performance enhancement
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
The Open University's introduction to psychology. Vol. 2
Mapping knowledge and experience about sport psychology consulting among Finnish premier football coaches
Like the first edition, the second edition of the Encyclopedia of Stress covers nearly every conceivable aspect and ramification of stress including a wide range of related topics such as neuroimmune interactions, cytokines, enzymatic disorders, effects on the cardiovascular system, immunity and inflammation, and physical illnesses. Over the last decade, scientists have presented convincing research showing that psychological stress increases vulnerability to disease. They now understand more clearly that stress may be the thread tying together illnesses that were previously believed to be unrelated. Bone loss, increased abdominal fat, and damaged memory cells in the hippocampus have been linked to elevated cortisol levels. Building on the success of the first edition, this completely revised work surveys the vast amount of research generated in the past five years, resulting in a substantial revision with over 30% new material and over 100 new entries. Expanded sections include Animal Studies, Anxiety and Depression, Drugs, Depression, Disasters, and Psychological and Other Therapies.
The effect of prior information on musical preference rating : how our musical preference is shaped by prior information in an online environment
The best of psychology today
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
Introduction to family processes
WHY? HOW? and WHO? : a study on life dynamics and experiences of 50+ people living with HIV/AIDS in Finland
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
Key studies in psychology
An introduction to psychology
Psychological research
Games people play : the psychology of human relationships
Handbook of the teaching of psychology
Feeling bodies : embodying psychology
Psychological distress in dyspepsia
Introduction to research methods in psychology
The principles of psychology. Vol. 2
On some of life's ideals : on a certain blindness in human beings, what makes a life significant
Anxiety research
The art of seduction
Musical imaginations : multidisciplinary perspectives on creativity, performance, and perception
The psychology of creative writing
Cognition : International journal of cognitive science
The gap : the science of what separates us from other animals
Psychology and culture
Psychology : mind, brain, & culture
A new model of the universe : principles of the psychological method in its application to problems of science, religion and art
Forensic psychology for dummies
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Back to life : how to use positive psychology to beat anorexia?
Psychology : frontiers and applications
International handbook of psychological well-being in children and adolescents : bridging the gaps between theory, research, and practice
Understanding psychology
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
Essentials of psychology
Foundations of psychology
The psychology of ageing : an introduction
How authors' minds make stories
A textbook of psychology
Psychologia : an international journal of psychology in the Orient
Change the way you eat : the psychology of food
Psychology survey. 4
Comparison of the cost of antidepressants in a prostate cancer screening trial population
Psychology for dummies
Introduction to psychology. Study guide and unit mastery program
Decisive : how to make better choices in life and work
Includes 103 handbooks and 3325 articles.
Psychology and adult learning
Unthinking : the surprising forces behind why we buy
Journal of the experimental analysis of behavior
Interpretation of ambiguous visual stimuli in depression : a behavioral response study
Type A behavior pattern revisited : long-term follow-up from the Kuopio Ischemic Heart Disease study
Companion encyclopedia of psychology. Volume 2
Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho : a casebook
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Think like a freak : the authors of Freakonomics offer to retrain your brain
Psychologists on psychology
A general theory of emotions and social life
Introduction to qualitative methods in psychology
Handbook of the psychology of science
50 ideas you really need to know : psychology
Mindset : the new psychology of success
Psychology : the science of mind and behaviour
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
Consciousness has long been a subject of interest in philosophy and religion but only relatively recently has it become subject to scientific investigation. Now, more than ever before, we are beginning to understand this mental state. Developmental psychologists understand when we first develop a sense of self; neuropsychologists see which parts of the brain activate when we think about ourselves and which parts of the brain control that awareness.Cognitive scientists have mapped the circuitry that allows machines to have some form of self awareness, and neuroscientists investigate similar circuitry in the human brain. Research that once was separate inquiries in discreet disciplines is converging. List serves and small conferences focused on consciousness are proliferating. New journals have emerged in this field. A huge number of monographs and edited treatises have recently been published on consciousness, but there is no recognized entry point to the field, no comprehensive summary.This encyclopedia is that reference. Organized alphabetically by topic, coverage encompasses a summary of major research and scientific thought regarding the nature of consciousness, the neural circuitry involved, how the brain, body, and world interact, and our understanding of subjective states. The work includes contributions covering neuroscience, psychology, philosophy, and artificial intelligence to provide a comprehensive backdrop to recent and ongoing investigations into the nature of conscious experience from a philosophical, psychological, and biological perspective.
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Psychology : the fundamentals of human adjustment
She-Q : why women should mentor men and change the world
Clinical psychology : concepts, methods, and profession
The 33 strategies of war
Abstract.
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
The human mind
General psychology
Transitions across schools and cultures
Essential practical psychology
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
Single case research methodology : applications in special education and behavioral sciences
The artist's mind : a psychoanalytic perspective on creativity, modern art and modern artists
Reflection : turning experience into learning
Problems of human adjustment
The psychology of leadership : new perspectives and research
Psychology : explorations in behavior and experience
Sport and exercise psychology : a critical introduction
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
Year of yes : how to dance it out, stand in the sun and be your own person
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Leadership in organizations
Trade Mindfully : achieve your optimum trading performance with mindfulness and cutting edge psychology
Introduction to SPSS Statistics in Psychology, 5th edition offers comprehensive and engaging coverage of how to carry out statistical analyses using SPSS Statistics. Fully updated to include an even wider range of statistical methods and to incorporate the latest version of SPSS Statistics, this text offers clear, step by step instruction and advice to students on using SPSS Statistics to analyse psychological data. For each statistical test, the text discusses * What the test is used for * When you should and shouldn't use it * Data requirements and any problems in usage * Step by step direction on how to carry out the test, using colour screenshots and labelled guidance on each part of the process * How to interpret and report the output * At a glance' summary of steps taken to do each test Suitable for students to use alongside lectures or independently when needing to grips with SPSS Statistics. This book is supported by a companion website featuring a range of resources to help students in their studies. Self-test questions, additional datasets plus handy quick guides to carrying out tests can all be found at www.pearsoned.co.uk/howitt "SPSS is the most widely used statistical analysis software suite in the social and behavioural sciences. It is used extensively in undergraduate psychology courses throughout the UK and USA. However psychology students find it notoriously difficult and often impossible to learn and use. Howitt and Cramers' SPSS Statistics in Psychology is an indispensible guide to the software, specially tailored for psychology students at all levels. The new edition is greatly enhanced by a several new features, including chapters on the analysis of moderator variables, statistical power, meta analysis, and the use of SPSS syntax. It is superbly presented and illustrated with excellent step by step procedures and guides to the interpretation of results which even introductory level students will be able to follow. The supporting datasets and worked examples also provide an excellent resource for students and teachers. It has easily maintained its lead in a competitive field, and together with its companion textbooks, Introduction to Statistics (Fifth Edition) and Introduction to Research Methods (Third Edition), it has everything that apprentice and experienced researchers in psychology need."
Affect imagery consciousness : the complete edition
Thanks for the feedback : the science and art of receiving feedback (even when it is off-base, unfair, poorly delivered, and frankly, you're not in the mood)
Contemporary psychology : readings from Scientific American
Theories of development : concepts and applications
Childhood determinants of later health
The principles of psychology. 1
Visual search in graphical interfaces : a user psychological approach
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Why does our memory of our first birthday differ from our memory of our last birthday? What makes children with the same parents have different characters? At what age are children likely to become involved in cyberbullying? Developmental Psychology 1st edition provides a clear and lively coverage of the main topics and concepts required by the British Psychological Society (BPS). The book takes a broadly topical organisation addressing the social and cognitive strands of development, providing an intuitive pathway through the core topics, and a final section which focuses on the clinical and applied aspects of the subject The text has been pedagogically developed to encourage the reader to engage with empirical research as well as theory, to make links between different areas of development, and to recognise common themes.
Encyclopedia of stress
Psychology around the world
The development of expertise in information systems design
Development psychology
Coaching for resilience : a practical guide to using positive psychology
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
Introduction to psychology. Instructor's manual to accompany
Personnel managers and crisis situations : emotion-handling strategies
Occupational therapy in mental health
Psychology today : Helsinki
Advances in psychology research. Vol. 55
Motivational interviewing to increase physical activity in overweight and obese individuals : a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
British journal of psychology
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Psychologists in the criminal justice system
Were you looking for the book with access to MyEducationLab? This product is the book alone, and does NOT come with access to MyEducationLab. Buy the book and access card package to save money on this resource. The 12th Edition of Educational Psychology maintains the lucid, jargon-free writing style for which the author is renowned, combined with a clear emphasis on educational psychology's practical relevance for teachers and students in classrooms. Written to look at teaching from the student's perspective and how students learn and retain information, the new edition continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, assessment. It adds expanded coverage of the brain and neuroscience, the impact of technology, student diversity, as well as a new chapter devoted to Language Development, Language Diversity, and Immigrant Education (Ch 5). This text, known for its state of the art presentation of the field of educational psychology, is exceptionally applied and replete with examples, lesson segments, case studies, and practical ideas from experienced teachers.
Recognition theory as social research
A small town near Auschwitz : ordinary Nazis and the Holocaust
Advances in Positive Organizational Psychology
This text provides a comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
Psychology : a contemporary introduction
Study guide to accompany Robert S. Feldman Understanding psychology
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Guilt, shame, and anxiety : understanding and overcoming negative emotions
Projective psychology : clinical approaches to the total personality
Psychology : a new introduction : for A level
