http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1631 linguistics
linguistics
Constructions
The principles of semantics
A bibliography of contrastive linguistics
Current trends in linguistics. 1, Soviet and east European linguistics
Narrative : a critical linguistic introduction
Population testing : extracting semantic information on near-synonyms from native speakers
A language in space : the story of Israeli sign language
Modern Italian grammar : a practical guide
Hungarians in Finland and Sweden: Comparison of Some Sociocultural and Demographic Factors on Language Choice, Culture and Identity
CLS book of squibs : cumulative index 1968-1977
China and beyond : a collection of essays
AILA 96 : applied linguistics across disciplines : programme, abstracts
Multiple language, variation, variety and use
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
Linguistische Studien im Europäischen Jahr der Sprachen : Akten des 36. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Ljubljana 2001 = Linguistic studies in the European year of languages : proceedings of the 36th Linguistic Colloquim, Ljubljana 2001
INTRODUCTION TO THE PRINCIPLES OF LANGUAGE
Abstract.
Cognitive changes in reader-evoked frames : culture-specific references in Edna O'Brien's The Country Girls and its Finnish translation
Rhetoric and representation : exploring the cultural meaning of the natural sciences in contemporary popular science writing and literature
A select catalog of language universals
Univariate, bivariate, and multivariate methods in corpus-based lexicography : a study of synonymy
Main trends in the science of language
Linguistics : an introduction to linguistic theory
Translation studies
A complex case : a morphosyntactic approach to complexity in early child language
Analogy : a basic bibliography
The varieties of the modern Udmurt language
Linguistics
This paper deals with the Uralic languages, their regional distribution and relationship with one another. The Uralic languages are spoken in a large area in North and Central Eurasia. Most of the Uralic languages are seriously endangered minority languages - only Finnish, Hungarian, and Estonian are principal national languages spoken in independent countries. Despite being relatives, the Uralic languages differ remarkably from one another. In the west, the Uralic languages have had most intensive relationships with Indo-European languages, and in the east, with Turkic languages. The differences within the language group carry information regarding these contacts. In the research of the Uralic languages, the proto-languages and the original home of the peoples speaking these languages have attracted particular interest. Comparative and historical methods and archaeology have been important in the research of the history of the Uralic languages.
Principles and parameters in comparative grammar
Blackwell's nursing dictionary
The languages of the world
Language and information
Lexical priming : a new theory of words and language
Investigating English in Europe : contexts and agendas
The Latin component in English medical texts and some of the possibilities it offers for interdisciplinary integrated teaching
Esipuhe = Preface
Applied language learning
Topics in Uduk phonology and morphosyntax
Pronominal subjects in Peninsular Spanish and European Portuguese : semantics, pragmatics, and formulaic sequences
Sprachwissenschaft auf dem Weg in das dritte Jahrtausend : Akten des 34. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Germersheim 1999 = Linguistics on the way to the third millennium : proceedings of the 34th Linguistics Colloquium, Germersheim 1999. Teil 1, Text, Bedeutung, Kommunikation = Text, meaning, and communication
The measurement of meaning
Translation : an advanced resource book
Language : an introduction to the study of speech
This book is an invaluable resource for anyone interested in researching or just learning more about the changing role and status of English across Europe. The status of English today is explained in its historical context before the author presents some of the key debates and ideas relating to the challenge English poses for learners, teachers, and language policy makers. The Nordic countries provide a focused case study.
Current trends in linguistics. 5, Linguistics in South Asia
Current trends in linguistics. 14, Indexes
Foundations of general linguistics
Current issues in linguistic theory
Word meaning negotiation in online discussion forum communication
Origins of language
Current trends in linguistics. 7, Linguistics in Sub-Saharan Africa
Annotating variational space over time
Explorations in applied linguistics
Change in contemporary English : a grammatical study
Translation studies : in search for vigour and relevance
Language quarterly
An introduction to linguistic science
Proceedings of formal grammar 2004 : August 7/8, 2004, Nancy
Papers from NWAV 30
Methoden der Kontaktlinguistik = Methods in contact linguistic research
Sprachwissenschaft auf dem Weg in das dritte Jahrtausend : Akten des 34. Linguistischen Kolloquiums in Germersheim 1999 = Linguistics on the way to the third millennium : proceedings of the 34th Linguistics Colloquium, Germersheim 1999. Teil 2, Sprache, Computer, Gesellschaft = Language, computer, and society
Handbook of descriptive linguistic fieldwork
This article provides an overview of some sociocultural and demographic factors of language maintenance and shift among Hungarians in Finland and Sweden, predominately at the group level. Some of the factors described are: the historical background of Hungarian immigration, settlement patterns, demographic development, geographical areas, participation in Hungarian associations along with the attitudes of the majority group towards Hungarians and the Hungarian language. After this some data is presented about language choice, culture and identity of second-generation Hungarians. The article shows that Hungarians are not a single unified group in Sweden or Finland and both groups face factors that can support or hinder the preservation of the Hungarian language and culture. Swedish-Hungarians have a greater ability to preserve their Hungarianism as a group due to population size and concentration in certain areas, while Finnish-Hungarians can maintain their Hungarian identity due to their comparably high status in society and the positive attitudes of the Finnish majority.  .
The handbook of bilingualism and multilingualism
Place names, linguistic contact and prehistory : with special reference to Åsele lappmark
Towards an u nderstanding of language learner self-concept
This best-selling textbook provides an engaging and user-friendly introduction to the study of language. Assuming no prior knowledge in the subject, Yule presents information in short, bite-sized sections, introducing the major concepts in language study - from how children learn language to why men and women speak differently, through all the key elements of language. This fourth edition has been revised and updated with twenty new sections, covering new accounts of language origins, the key properties of language, text messaging, kinship terms and more than twenty new word etymologies. To increase student engagement with the text, Yule has also included more than fifty new tasks, including thirty involving data analysis, enabling students to apply what they have learned. The online study guide offers students further resources when working on the tasks, while encouraging lively and proactive learning. This is the most fundamental and easy-to-use introduction to the study of language.
What kind of corpus annotation is needed in sociopragmatic research?
Proceedings of the 20th Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics, Helsinki, January 7-9, 2004
Broadening the horizon of linguistic politeness
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Language as ideology
Difficulty of the translation of primary and complex metaphors : an experimental study
A bibliography of contemporary linguistic research
Sphere semantics for aspect
General linguistics
Language in hand : why sign came before speech
Human resource management in nonprofit organizations
Computational testing of five Swahili dictionaries
Based on the systematic analysis of large amounts of computer-readable text, this book shows how the English language has been changing in the recent past, often in unexpected and previously undocumented ways. The study is based on a group of matching corpora, known as the 'Brown family' of corpora, supplemented by a range of other corpus materials, both written and spoken, drawn mainly from the later twentieth century. Among the matters receiving particular attention are the influence of American English on British English, the role of the press, the 'colloquialization' of written English, and a wide range of grammatical topics, including the modal auxiliaries, progressive, subjunctive, passive, genitive and relative clauses. These subjects build an overall picture of how English grammar is changing, and the linguistic and social factors that are contributing to this process.
A typology of clausal negation : symmetric vs. asymmetric
British sign language
Language and context : a functional linguistic theory of register
Language and identities
Papers from the third Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics, Hanasaari, October 1-3, 1976
Medical terminology for dummies
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Relational and reconstructive aspects of grammatical systematization : data-oriented studies
In this handbook, Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber bring together methodological, theoretical, and empirical studies in the economics of language in a single framework of linguistic diversity that reflects the history and contemporary study of the topic. The impact of linguistic diversity on economic outcomes and public policies has been studied not only by economists and other social scientists in the contemporary era, but all the way back to the 19th century by geographer and naturalist, Alexander von Humboldt, who emphasized the importance of language in the framework of cultural experience. This interdependence of language and culture is reflected in the chapters in this handbook, which have been written by leading economists, linguists, and political scientists from universities in the United States, Australia, Russia, Israel, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. The contributions are divided into four parts. Part I examines linguistic concepts that forge common ground between economists, political scientists, sociologists, and linguists, and introduces the notion of linguistic proximity extensively utilized in various chapters of the volume. Part II assesses the impact of languages on market interactions, including international trade, patent protection, migration, and use of languages in ancient and modern business environments. Part III focuses on the link between linguistic policies and economic development, including the analysis of regional development in Asia, Africa, Europe and Russia. Part IV addresses issues of globalization, minority languages, and the protection of linguistic rights in multilingual societies.
Service encounters in a British cooking show : aspects of organisation and discourse roles
Current trends in linguistics. 2, Linguistics in East Asia and South East Asia
On the semantics of propositional attitude reports
ValTer2 and ForesTer : From a relational term bank to hypertext on the Web
Linguistics for non-linguists
Happiness and joy in corpus contexts : a cognitive semantic analysis
Linguistics : an introduction to language and communication
Mouth actions in sign languages
New departures in linguistics
Linguistic analysis of online conflicts: a case study of flaming in the Smokahontas comment thread on YouTube
Quality assurance in terminology management : recommendations from the TermFactory project
Input and interaction in deaf families
Grammatical complexity of languages : a cross-linguistic pilot study
Scholars have most often concentrated on the retention and upkeep of native languages along with the trend in assimilation to American society and the dominant English language. Seldom have we studied other languages that are spoken and maintained by the immigrant communities. This paper examines new data available through the Minnesota Population Center and the newly developed Integrated Public Use Microdata Series (IPUMS) data base. By analyzing past and current U.S. Census data, distinct trends in languages spoken at home are encountered helping us project changes to come in years ahead. Questions of dominant languages across the United States reveal that Spanish speaking Nordic Americans are increasing at high rates. Regional clustering of Spanish speakers and surprising fi ndings as to the rank of each national language within each ethnic group are investigated. These findings are significant in helping us gain a better understanding of the changing linguistic practices of each Nordic group.
Concise encyclopedia of applied linguistics
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Papers from the Fifth Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics, Frostavallen, April 27-29 1979. Part 2, General session
This volume formalizes, organizes and analyzes the relation of knowledge about language to decision-making in practice. It synthesizes research in psycholinguistics, educational linguistics and sociolinguistics, freely crossing subject fields to establish innovative and expert responses to some of the key debates in the field. Authored and compiled by leaders in their various specialties and collated and extensively re-edited from the award-winning "Encyclopedia of Language and Linguistics, 2nd Edition", this collection will be an ideal one-stop desk reference solution for any linguistics professional and researcher interested in how language operates at the leading edge. It offers an authoritative review of this dynamic field placed in an interdisciplinary context. It includes over 100 articles by leaders in the field. It is presented in compact and affordable single-volume format.
Habla Español? : the growing number of Spanish speaking Nordic Americans
Anglo-Scandinavian language contacts and word order change in early English
Comprising state-of-the-art research, this substantially expanded and revised Handbook discusses the latest global and interdisciplinary issues across bilingualism and multilingualism. Includes the addition of ten new authors to the contributor team, and coverage of seven new topics ranging from global media to heritage language learning Provides extensively revised coverage of bilingual and multilingual communities, polyglot aphasia, creolization, indigenization, linguistic ecology and endangered languages, multilingualism, and forensic linguistics Brings together a global team of internationally-renowned researchers from different disciplines Covers a wide variety of topics, ranging from neuro- and psycho-linguistic research to studies of media and psychological counseling Assesses the latest issues in worldwide linguistics, including the phenomena and the conceptualization of 'hyperglobalization', and emphasizes geographical centers of global conflict and commerce.
Substrata Uralica : studies on Finno-Ugrian substrate in Northern Russian dialects
Irish sign language : a cognitive linguistic account
Some thoughts on Tungusic ethnolinguistics
Information explosition and the use of linguistic tools in Finland
Australian sign language (Auslan) : an introduction to sign language linguistics
Coming to terms with reality
Talking about time in Russian and Finnish
Language and globalization
The counterfactive mood in Forest Enets and its origin
Research methods in sign language studies : a practical guide
Mouth actions in sign languages have been controversially discussed but the sociolinguistic factors determining their form and functions remain uncertain. This first empirical analysis of mouth actions in Irish Sign Language focuses on correlations with gender, age, and word class. It contributes to the linguistic description of ISL, research into non-manuals in sign languages, and is relevant for the cross-modal study of word classes.
Proceedings of formal grammar 2003
Indirectivity and resultativity in Tundra Nenets
An application of the Menzerath-Altmann Law to contemporary written Chinese
Language in action : an introduction to modern linguistics
Linguistics for non-linguists : a primer with exercises
Lexical change in pseudo-medical terminology from 1910 to 2000 in San Francisco Chronicle advertisements
Dialogue with Bakhtin on second and foreign language learning : new perspectives
Introduction to Pragmatics guides students through traditional and new approaches in the field, focusing particularly on phenomena at the elusive semantics/pragmatics boundary to explore the role of context in linguistic communication. * Offers students an accessible introduction and an up-to-date survey of the field, encompassing both established and new approaches to pragmatics * Addresses the traditional range of topics -- such as implicature, reference, presupposition, and speech acts -- as well as newer areas of research, including neo-Gricean theories, Relevance * Theory, information structure, inference, and dynamic approaches to meaning * Explores the relationship and boundaries between semantics and pragmatics * Ideal for students coming to pragmatics for the first time.
Linguistics : an introduction
SKY journal of linguistics : Suomen kielitieteellisen yhdistyksen aikakauskirja
SKY Journal of Linguistics
Language : its nature, development and origin
An approach to linguistic pattern recognition using fuzzy systems
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
Current trends in linguistics. 1, Soviet and East European linguistics
The USF language quarterly
EUROSLA Yearbook. Volume 13 (2013)
Recent studies in empirical approaches to language
Encyclopedia of language & linguistics
Toward a historiography of linguistics : selected essays
The study of language : an introduction
The Cambridge handbook of pragmatics
Apokoinou in swedish talk-in-interaction : a family of methods for grammatical construction and the resolving of local communicative projects
Current trends in linguistics. 6, Linguistics in South West Asia and North Africa
Aspectology : workshop at the fifth Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics, Frostavallen, April 27-29, 1979
Advances in discourse studies
Year's work in modern language studies
Papers from the Fifth Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics Frostavallen...1979
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Future perspectives of dialogue analysis
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
20th Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics, January 7-9, 2004, University of Helsinki, Finland
Employing and elaborating annotation for the study of modality
20th Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics
Language : a theory of its structure and use
A sketch of the phonology and grammar of Rajbanshi
The figurative path to Thomas Hardy's Far from the madding crowd
Name and place : ten essays on the dynamics of place-names
The ubiquity of mouthings in NGT : a corpus study
Experimental linguistics : integration of theories and applications
Semiotics : the basics
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Journal of English and Germanic philology
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
The role of economy principles in linguistic theory
Human resource management (HRM) can aid nonprofit organizations (NPOs) in facing uncertain, changing environments of funding pressures, increasing competition and demand for services as well as internal challenges. As the distinguishing features of NPOs can render the professionalization of HRM different from the private and public sectors, this book fills a gap in the literature by offering an in-depth look at how this distinctive nature of NPOs shapes the development and implementation of their HR practices. Timely and topical, this book addresses the professionalization of HRM in the nonprofit sector using examples from an exploratory multiple case study of NPOs selected across different fields. Not only does it offer both students and practitioners in the field of HRM and nonprofit management a better understanding of the specific challenges for HRM that stem from the management of several, contradictory bottom lines in NPOs, but it also highlights the opportunities that distinguishing nonprofit features create for the development and implementation of HR practices. By illustrating how NPOs can invest in learning and adapting processes that aid them in the alteration of HRM, this book is an essential resource for those involved in designing, implementing and studying HRM in NPOs.
Contemporary perceptions of language: interdisciplinary dimensions
The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication constitutes a comprehensive introduction to the multidisciplinary field of intercultural communication, drawing on the expertise of leading scholars from diverse backgrounds. The Handbook is structured in five sections and covers historical perspectives, core issues and topics, and new debates in the field, with a particular focus on the language dimension. Among the key themes addressed are: the foundation of intercultural communication; core themes and issues; putting intercultural communication theory into practice; new debates and future directions. The Handbook includes an introduction and overview by the editor, which provides readers with an indication of the focus of each section and chapter. The Routledge Handbook of Language and Intercultural Communication is the ideal resource for advanced undergraduates and postgraduate students of applied linguistics, TESOL/TEFL and communication studies.
Writing as a text-cultural competence : challenges and solutions  in defining writing as a basic competence in the new Norwegian  curriculum
Readings in linguistics. 1, The development of descriptive linguistics in America 1925-56
Qualitative research and the study of language use and attitudes
Knowing matters : how students address lack of knowledge in bilingual classroom interaction
The Uralic languages
Current trends in linguistics. 4, Ibero-American and Caribbean linguistics
The third edition of this popular textbook provides an engaging and accessible introduction to semantics for students new to the field. * Explores the basic concepts and methods of the field and discusses some of the most important contemporary lines of research* Contains new solutions to chapter exercises in order to familiarize the student with the practice of semantic description* Completely revised and updated to reflect recent theoretical developments* Includes new sections on classifiers and noun classes, as well as conceptual integration
What is linguistics?
Studies in philology
"Pragmatics is the study of human communication: the choices speakers make to express their intended meaning and the kinds of inferences that hearers draw from an utterance in the context of its use. This Handbook surveys pragmatics from different perspectives, presenting the main theories in pragmatic research, incorporating seminal research as well as cutting-edge solutions. It addresses questions of rational and empirical research methods, what counts as an adequate and successful pragmatic theory, and how to go about answering problems raised in pragmatic theory. In the fast-developing field of pragmatics, this Handbook fills the gap in the market for a one-stop resource to the wide scope of today's research and the intricacy of the many theoretical debates. It is an authoritative guide for graduate students and researchers with its focus on the areas and theories that will mark progress in pragmatic research in the future"--Provided by publisher.
Papers from the Conference on general linguistics, Seili 24.-25.8.1978
The Routledge handbook of language and intercultural communication
Sign language : an international handbook
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Esipuhe = Förord = Preface
Epigraphy, philology, and the Hebrew Bible : methodological perspectives on philological and comparative study of the Hebrew Bible in honor of Jo Ann Hackett
The Palgrave handbook of economics and language / edited by Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber
Linguistics of American Sign Language : an introduction [Elektroninen aineisto]
Dialogue analysis and the mass media : proceedings of the international conference, Erlangen, April 2-3, 1998
Introduction to pragmatics
The study of language
