http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16305 regional social work
regional social work
The European Union and the Nordic countries
Challenging welfare issues in the global countryside
Diffusion of social innovations across the borders : social sector cooperation with the Republic of Karelia
Finnish polytechnics in the regional innovation system : towards new ways of action
Regional aspects of unemployment in the Czech Republic and Slovakia
The recent crises in global economy and in European integration have caused a considerable revival of interest in the Nordic Welfare Model. However, less attention has been given to the ways in which the nations that form Scandinavia or 'Norden' are connected through various forms of inter- and transnational cooperation. With contributions from a team of experts in the field, this volume analyses Nordic cooperation in a European perspective and argues that this special form of transnational cooperation has been crucial in the development of the Nordic Welfare Model. In addition, it also contends that the Nordic model of transnational cooperation is a relevant case study when pondering the present problems of European integration. This text will be of key interest to students, researchers and policy makers studying the Nordic Model and transnational cooperation and more generally to those interested in European studies, Scandinavian studies, welfare studies, international relations and regional integration.
Local partnership : a succesful strategy for social cohesion? : European research report
Rural social work : building and sustaining community assets
Industrial sunset : the making of North America's rust belt, 1969-1984
The eco-social approach in social work and the challenges to the expertise of social work
Oulun pohjoisen ulottuvuuden foorumin 15.01.2001 tulokset / resultat / [Beredningsgruppen för det nationella forumet] = Results of the Oulu Northern Dimension Forum 15.01.2001
Boundless worlds : an anthropological approach to movement
Social workers’ interpretations of generalist social work in rural areas
Social work in the context of Imatra-Svetogorsk twin city
Gerontological social work in small towns and rural communities
Abstract.
Meeting local challenges : mapping industrial identities
Social work in rural communities
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
The ESC and the Northern Dimension - taking the initiative
Summaries of the evaluation reports on [the] strategic priorities and on the five horizontal themes defined in the ESF policy frame of reference : information society, equal opportunities, sustainable development, local partnership and anticipation
Summary (s. 3).
A better globalization : legitimacy, governance, and reform
Collins dictionary of social work
Abstract: Social exclusion in Finnish urban regions : area differences and effects of the social environment in the 1990's.
The Oxford companion to the economics of China
Summary.
English summary.
Rural social work : an international perspective
Unity, solidarity, diversity for Europe, its people and its territory : second report on economic and social cohesion
Action plan for co-operation with areas in North-West Russia and the Baltic States in the field of social protection and health 2003-2005
Nordic cooperation : a European region in transition
Behind the myth of European union : prospects for cohesion
