http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16334 war literature
war literature
Private Fleming at Chancellorsville : The red badge of courage and the Civil War
Without remorse
Slaughter-house five
The lost hero
Two brothers
The dynamite room : a novel
The Caine mutiny : a novel of World War II
Warriors of Japan : as portrayed in the war tales
Charley's war : The great mutiny
Books and the British Army in the age of the American Revolution
The absolutist
Where eagles dare
The Anglo-Saxon warrior ethic : reconstructing lordship in Early English literature
The secret raiders
Civil war women : the civil war seen through women's eyes in stories by Louisa Alcott, Kate Chopin, Eudora Welty and other great women writers
Theatre and war : theatrical responses since 1991
The Somme stations
Fear is a classic of war literature, a book to place on the shelf with Storm of Steel, A Farewell to Arms, and Going After Cacciato. Jean Dartemont, the hero of Gabriel Chevallier's autobiographical novel, enters what was not yet known as World War I in 1915, when it was just beginning to be clear that a war that all the combatants were initially confident would move swiftly to a conclusion was instead frozen murderously in place. After enduring the horrors of the trenches and the deadly leagues of no-man's-land stretching beyond them, Jean is wounded and hospitalized. Away from the front, he confronts the relentless blindness of the authorities and much of the general public to the hideous realities of modern, mechanized combat. Jean decides he must resist. How? By telling the simple truth. Urged to encourage new recruits with tales of derring-do service, Jean does not mince words. What did he do on the battlefield? He responds like a man: "I was afraid." Acclaimed as "the most beautiful book ever written on the tragic events that blood-stained Europe" for five years, prosecuted on first publication as an act of sedition, Fear appears for the first time in the United States in Malcolm Imrie's poetic and prizewinning translation on the hundredth anniversary of the outbreak of World War I, the conflict with which the twentieth century came into its own. Chevallier's masterpiece remains, in the words of John Berger, "a book of the utmost urgency and relevance."
The literature of war
A freedom bought with blood : African American war literature from the Civil War to World War II
The undertaking
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Battlecruiser
In the light of morning
War and peace
The damned and the dead : the Eastern Front through the eyes of Soviet and Russian novelists
No man's land : writings from a world at war
Son of the morning star
Kannas = [The Isthmus]
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
The people's right to the novel : war fiction in the postcolony
The harrowing
The English patient
The guns of Navarone
THE UNKNOWN SOLDIER
The roots of the Finnish war novel
Writing after war : American war fiction from realism to postmodernism
The next war
The yellow birds
"The ambition of this study is shaped by two somewhat contradictory impulses. The first is to use the novel of war in Africa as a case study to say something broader and bigger about the war novel as a genre across literary traditions and reaching backwards and forwards in history. The second is to deepen our understanding of the novel in Africa by doing a literary history of the genre of the war novel that has been overlooked in relation to the more widely read and canonized Bildungsroman form. Pulling in two different directions, one towards a more global context, and the other inwards, to the specificities of a particular tradition, this book, moreover, stresses the convergence of two sensibilities: the naturalist aesthetic and a humanitarian ethos which takes up the responsibility for the suffering of others. Both these sensibilities are present in culturally hybrid forms in the African war novel, reflecting its syncretism as a narrative practice engaged with the colonial and postcolonial history of the continent. The narration of war broadly evokes some form of these two sensibilities of naturalism and humanitarianism, gesturing towards a universal statement about the experience of war. This study offers a literary history of the war novel in Africa and argues for the genre's distinct contribution to the literary culture of the continent while arguing that the war novel is a form of people's history that participates in a political struggle for the rights of the dispossessed"--
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Mitosis : a Reckoners story
Authoring war : the literary representation of war from the Iliad to Iraq
Fictions of the First World War
Court martial
The blood crows
The American novel of war : a critical analysis and classification system
Male armor : the soldier-hero in contemporary American culture
The Fort
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
Son of the morning star : General Custer and the battle of the Little Bighorn
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The dynamite room
Available for the first time in English, here is an unforgettable portrayal by a master novelist of the physical and psychological devastation wrought in the homeland by Hitler's war. Late April, 1945. The war is over, yet Dr Doll, a loner and 'moderate pessimist', lives in constant fear. By night, he is haunted by nightmarish images of the bombsite in which he is trapped - he, and the rest of Germany. More than anything, he wishes to vanquish the demon of collective guilt, but he is unable to right any wrongs, especially in his position as mayor of a small town in north-east Germany that has been occupied by the Red Army. Dr Doll flees for Berlin, where he finds escape in a morphine addiction: each dose is a 'small death'. He tries to make his way in the chaos of a city torn apart by war, accompanied by his young wife, who shares his addiction. Fighting to save two lives, he tentatively begins to believe in a better future. Written with Fallada's distinctive power and vividness, Nightmare in Berlin captures the demoralised and desperate atmosphere of post-war Germany in a way that has never been matched or surpassed.
In the shadow of blackbirds
The rise and fall of the empires : war stories in ancient China
Tiger Dunlop's Upper Canada : Comprising Recollections of the American war 1812-1814 and Statistical sketches of Upper Canada for the use of emigrants by a Backwoodsman
"Phil Klay's Redeployment takes readers to the frontlines of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, asking us to understand what happened there, and what happened to the soldiers who returned. Interwoven with themes of brutality and faith, guilt and fear, helplessness and survival, the characters in these stories struggle to make meaning out of chaos. In "Redeployment", a soldier who has had to shoot dogs because they were eating human corpses must learn what it is like to return to domestic life in suburbia, surrounded by people "who have no idea where Fallujah is, where three members of your platoon died." In "After Action Report", a Lance Corporal seeks expiation for a killing he didn't commit, in order that his best friend will be unburdened. A Morturary Affairs Marine tells about his experiences collecting remains-of U.S. and Iraqi soldiers both. A chaplain sees his understanding of Christianity, and his ability to provide solace through religion, tested by the actions of a ferocious Colonel. And in the darkly comic "Money as a Weapons System", a young Foreign Service Officer is given the absurd task of helping Iraqis improve their lives by teaching them to play baseball. These stories reveal the intricate combination of monotony, bureaucracy, comradeship and violence that make up a soldier's daily life at war, and the isolation, remorse, and despair that can accompany a soldier's homecoming. Redeployment is poised to become a classic in the tradition of war writing. Across nations and continents, Klay sets in devastating relief the two worlds a soldier inhabits: one of extremes and one of loss. Written with a hard-eyed realism and stunning emotional depth, this work marks Phil Klay as one of the most talented new voices of his generation"--
The unknown soldier : a novel
American fictions 1940-1980 : a comprehensive history and critical evaluation
Her war story : : twentieth-century women write about war
Empire of the sun
The First World War in Irish poetry
The Red Badge of Courage : an episode of the American Civil War
Charlotte Gray
Memphis, Nam, Sweden : the story of a black deserter
Unknown soldiers
Arms and the woman : war, gender, and literary representation
Fights of fancy : armed conflict in science fiction and fantasy
Partisans in Yugoslavia : literature, film and visual culture
Power and politeness in historical novels set during the American Civil War
San Andreas
The short story and the First World War
The imagined Civil War : popular literature of the North & South, 1861-1865
Holocaust at sea : the drama of the Scharnhorst
Randall and the river of time
"This work establishes the American Novel of War as its own sub-genre within the greater American Literature of War genre. Each chapter identifies a defining characteristic, analyzes existing criticism, and explores the characteristic in American war novels of record. Topics include violence, war rhetoric, the death of noncombatants, and terrain as an enemy"--Provided by publisher.
Kate McLoughlin's Authoring War is an ambitious and pioneering study of war writing across all literary genres from earliest times to the present day. Examining a range of cultures, she brings wide reading and close rhetorical analysis to illuminate how writers have met the challenge of representing violence, chaos and loss. War gives rise to problems of epistemology, scale, space, time, language and logic. She emphasises the importance of form to an understanding of war literature and establishes connections across periods and cultures from Homer to the 'War on Terror'. Exciting new critical groupings arise in consequence, as Byron's Don Juan is read alongside Heller's Catch-22 and English Civil War poetry alongside Second World War letters. Innovative in its approach and inventive in its encyclopedic range, Authoring War will be indispensable to any discussion of war representation.
The Somme stations : sometimes the enemy lies within
The white pearl
No Man's Land : Writings from a World at War
Abandon the old in Tokyo
The thin red line
Charley's war [Vol VII]: The great mutiny
The Liberation of France : image and event
Veterans' experiences of Iraq war and Afghanistan war and Influences on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder symptoms after deployment : a systematic literature review
Frontiers : a novel
The red badge of courage
Birdsong
Dieppe : the dawn of decision
Jervis Bay
The Finnish war novel
War, atrocities and doubles in Philip Caputo's fiction
The mark of Athena
Vietnam war stories : innocence lost
"Hilarious and tragic, at the heart of Catch-22 is a savage indictment of twentieth-century madness, and a desire of an ordinary man to survive it." -- (Back Cover)
The Burnt-out town of miracles
Catch-22
The great fortune
Dispatches
A deconstructive approach to the opposition between war and peace in William Boyd's An ice-cream war
The yellow birds : a novel
The soldiers' press : trench journals in the First World War
Thai literary works of the Rattanakosin periods, translated version
The runner
The second battlefield : women, modernism and the First World War
Abandon ship! : death of the U. S. S. Indianapolis
A star called Henry
Petros' war
Against forgetting : twentieth-century poetry of witness
Force 10 from navarone
A trauma artist : Tim O'Brien and the fiction of Vietnam
British poetry and the revolutionary and Napoleonic wars : visions of conflict
Warship : volume 46
An uncommon soldier : the Civil War letters of Sarah Rosetta Wakeman, alias Private Lyons Wakeman, 153rd Regiment, New York State Volunteers
A summer promise
Nightmare in Berlin
The quiet American
Wings of fire
Johnny got his gun
Arms and the self : war, the military, and autobiographical writing
The girl with no name
Life after life
The storyteller
Literature at war, 1914-1940 : representing the "time of greatness" in Germany
Fear : a novel of World War I
Waiting for sunrise
The Caine mutiny : a novel by World War II
Narrating war : early modern and contemporary perspectives
Remapping the home front : locating citizenship in British women's Great War fiction
The third world war : a terrifying novel of global conflict
Cold War literature : writing the global conflict
The mammoth book of war correspondents
The poetics of conflict experience : materiality and embodiment in Second World War Italy
Legion of the damned
Virginia Woolf and war : fiction, reality, and myth
This is a great love story set in the tragedy of war. It is 1941. The Italian officer, Captain Corelli, falls in love with Pelagia, a young Greek girl. But Pelegia's fiance is fighting the Italian army ...
Captain Corelli's mandolin
White death
