http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16349 translations
translations
Still lost in translation : more misadventures in English abroad
Three days and a child
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 10, 771 E - 854 D
The author is well known for his translations of other commenataries of Theodoret on biblical books. The explicit sexuality of Song of Songs was a problem for Patristic commentators, particularly those in Antioch, and so Theodoret's work exposed the Antiochenes to the allegorical approach of Origen of Alexandria.
Herodotus : in four volumes. 4, Books VIII-IX
The letters : in four volumes. 3
The black steed : and other selected writings
The bat
Unknown soldiers
A flock in the wilderness
The shape of water
The history of Rome. Vol. 5
Centres of cataclysm : celebrating fifty years of Modern poetry in translation
The tower of the swallow
The Bhagavad Gita
"Of course that place is nowhere near this place" : comparing translations of wordplay in the subtitles of Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Manga in America : transnational book publishing and the domestication of Japanese comics
The quality of silence
Nüshen = The Goddesses
Journey to the center of the earth
Cixin Liu is China’s bestselling science fiction author and one of the most important voices in world SF. His novel, The Three-Body Problem, was the first translated work of SF ever to win the Hugo Award. Here is the first collection of his short fiction: eleven stories, including five Chinese Galaxy Award-winners, form a blazingly original ode to planet earth, its pasts and its futures.
Following her mother's untimely and mysterious death, Delia embarks on a voyage of discovery through the streets of her native Naples searching for the truth about her family.
"Surely the translation of a great writer can have but one purpose" : from dedications to prefaces in translations of Molière
The importance of being consistent : comparison of translation strategies in two Finnish versions of Oscar Wilde's most famous comedy
The voice of the violin
Pragmatic adaptation in translating Skeptics vs creationists: a formal debate from English into Finnish
The summer book
The spy : a novel
The plague
A winter book : selected stories
Everything I don't remember
Kidsnatched from her orphanage by a BFG (Big Friendly Giant), who spends his life blowing happy dreams to children, Sophie concocts with him a plan to save the world from nine other man-gobbling cannybull giants.
The black notebook
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Translation studies
This too shall pass
The history of Rome. Vol. 4
The truth about the world
The Muqaddimah : an introduction to history
Historia animalium in three volumes. 1, Books I-III
On sophistical refutations ; On coming-to-be and passing away
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The vegetarian : a novel
Arrian : in two volumes. 2, Anabasis Alexandri : (Books V-VII) ; Indica (Book VIII)
The master and Margarita
Detective Inspector Huss
Nights of awe
The alchemist
The works of the Emperor Julian : in three volumes. 2
Nineteen ways of looking at Wang Wei : (with more ways)
Suspended sentences : three novellas
Independent people : an epic
Musashi : an epic novel of the samurai era
The Oxford India Ghalib : life, letters, and ghazals
Strings of life
The fourth victim
The track of sand
Warsztaty translatorskie = Workshop on translations. 1
The wandering earth
The problem of translating children's literature : a study of four Moomin books and their English and Finnish translations
Troubling love
The heart of a dog
The map and the territory
Warsztaty translatorskie = Workshop on translations. 3
Into the wild
Bible translation and the spread of the church : the last 200 years
The Barcelona brothers
"With the scope of Dune and the commercial action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to experience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. Set against the backdrop of China's Cultural Revolution, a secret military project sends signals into space to establish contact with aliens. An alien civilization on the brink of destruction captures the signal and plans to invade Earth. Meanwhile, on Earth, different camps start forming, planning to either welcome the superior beings and help them take over a world seen as corrupt, or to fight against the invasion. The result is a science fiction masterpiece of enormous scope and vision"
The ice queen : a novel
"Good old Watson! You are the one fixed point in a changing age" : a comparative study of two Finnish translations of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The sign of the four
Sword of destiny
The collected works of James Joyce
Transgressor of the nation
Warsztaty translatorskie = Workshop on translations. 2
The letters : in four volumes. 4, Address to young men on reading Greek literature
Qi yuan = Garden of repose
Pesn' o veŝem Olege = The Song of wise Oleg
An old programmer's tradition - Vanhojen ohjelmoijien perinne : observations on the quality of the Finnish translations of three American computer programming guides
The dream of the red chamber
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
I am your judge : a novel
"Inspired by the great tradition of French love poetry, New Directions presents a beautiful, small gift edition, dedicated to what makes the world go round In 1853, bursting with emotion, Charles Baudelaire confessed to his muse Madame Sabatier: "Sometimes, I can find relief only in composing verses for you." Is there any better way of expressing feelings of passion and longing than with poetry? The French have excelled at this, resulting in a rich tradition of love poetry: theirs is the language of love. Filled with devotion and lust, sensuality and eroticism, fever and overture, these poems showcase some of the most passionate verses in the French language. From the classic sixteenth-century love sonnets of Louise Labé, to the piercing lyricism of the Romantics, to the dreamlike compositions of the love-drunk Surrealists, French Love Poems is the perfect, seductive gift for the one who makes your heart flutter. This collection includes poems by Louise Labé, Charles Baudelaire, Stéphane Mallarmé, Paul Valéry, Paul Éluard, Albertine Sarrazin, and many others" --
William Shakespeare's Sonnet 18 = William Shakespearen sonetti 18
The republic
Historia animalium : in three volumes ; with an English translation by A. L. Peck. 2, Books IV-VI
Herodian in two volumes. 1, Book I-IV
Lifting the veil : selected writings
Plutarch's Moralia : in fifteen volumes. 7, 523 C - 612 B
On the nature of things
The Makioka sisters
My friends = Mis amigos
Translators in production networks : reflections on agency, quality and ethics
Aristotle : in twenty-three volumes. [16], Problems : 2. Books XXII-XXXVIII
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
The snack thief
Great Russian short stories of the twntieth century : a dual-language book = Zametšatelnyi russki korotki rasskaz dvadtsatogo veka / edited and translated by Yelena P. Francis
Translation technique and translation studies : the problem of translation universals
Finnish summary.
The deipnosophists. 1
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
The night watch
The lives of the sophists
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 14, 1086 C - 1147 A
"Juvenal's fourth book of Satires consists of three poems which are all concerned with contentment in various forms. These poems use enormous humour and wit to puncture the pretensions of the foolish and the wicked, urging an acceptance of our lives and a more positive stance towards life and death by mockery of the pompous and comic description of the rich and famous. The Introduction places Juvenal in the history of Satire and also explores the style of the poems as well as the degree to which they can be read as in any sense documents of real life. The text is accompanied by a literal English translation and the commentary is keyed to important words in the translation and aims to be accessible to readers with little or no Latin. It seeks to explain both the factual background to the poems and also the literary qualities which make this poetry exciting and moving to a modern audience."
I'll be right there : a novel
The translation of culture-bound items in the Finnish subtitles of The Simpsons
River of fire = Aag ka darya
Euripides : in four volumes. 3, Bacchanals, Madness of Hercules, Children of Hercules, Phoenician maidens, Suppliants
Art in nature
Demosthenes. 5, Private orations : XLI-XLIX
Memory of water
Philo : in ten volumes. 3
After her : a novel
One glittering moment : and other selected writings
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
The letters : in four volumes. 2
The limit
Aristotle : in twenty-three volumes. 18, Metaphysics : books X-XIV
Wildfire / Lene Kaaberbøl ; illustrated by Rohan Eason ; translated by Charlotte Barslund
The howling miller
Dayanhe : my wet-nurse
Difficulty of the translation of primary and complex metaphors : an experimental study
The lost daughter
The deipnosophists. 2
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Drops of life
Satires. Book IV
Plutarch's staff
Blind willow, sleeping woman : twenty-four stories
The torso
Reading cultural difference : the reception of a short story in six European countries
Death in holy orders
Map : collected and last poems
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Kafka on the shore
The ashtonishment of words : an experiment in the comparison of languages
French love poems
Behind God's back
Brothers
Element order in Old English and Old High German translations
Miscellany on translation criticism
Prodigies : a novel
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
Portrait of Jennie
It's not my heiniä : 50 Finnish idioms in English and Finnish
War and peace
The deipnosophists. 5
Linjia puzi ; Chuncan = The shop of the Lin family ; Spring silkworms
Diodorus of Sicily : in twelve volumes. 5, Books XII 41-XIII
This volume on the Hymn of the Pearl, an early Syriac hymn preserved in the Acts of Thomas, contains an illuminating introduction, fresh translations, copious notes and facsimiles of the original Syriac and Greek texts, published here in convenient format for the first time. The study explores the significance of the hymn for understanding Gnosticism and Manichaeism and argues that the hymn is one of the best examples of the basic Gnostic soteriological myth.
The story of the lost child
The traitor's niche
Torah from our sages Pirke Avot
The core of the sun
Mimosa : and other selected writings
Arjuna and the hunter
On the lexical coherence of some modern Bible translations
The unbearable dreamworld of Champa the driver
The age of doubt
New English words in Scrubs and their Finnish translations
Follows the continuing story of the friendship between fiery Lina and bookish Elena, now grown with children and successful in their chosen careers, and both again living in Naples, the city of their birth.
The redbreast
Commentary on the Song of songs
The year of the hare
Rising storm
Victim without a face
This book is the first comprehensive corpus study of element order in Old English and Old High German, which brings to light numerous differences between these two closely related languages. The study's innovative approach relies on translated texts, which allows to tackle the problem of the apparent incomparability of OE and OHG textual records and to identify the areas of OE and OHG syntax potentially influenced by the Latin source texts. This is especially important from the point of view of OE research, where Latin is rarely considered as a significant variable. The book's profile and content is of direct interest for historical linguists working on OE and/or OHG (and Old Germanic languages in general), but it can also greatly benefit several other groups of researchers: scholars applying corpus methods to the study of dead languages, historical linguists generally, linguists researching element order as well as specialists in translation studies.
The Gallic war
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 8, 612 B - 697 C
Sounds of trees falling - the translations of The hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy and Under milk wood
Chaguan = Teahouse
The BFG
Death by water
The stranger
The dark forest
"With the scope of Dune and the rousing action of Independence Day, this near-future trilogy is the first chance for English-speaking readers to2 8xperience this multple-award-winning phenemonenon from China's most beloved science fiction author. In Dark Forest, Earth is reeling from the revelation of a coming alien invasion--in just four centuries' time. The aliens' human collaborators may have been defeated, but the presence of the sophons, the subatomic particles that allow Trisolaris instant access to all human information, means that Earth's defense plans are totally exposed to the enemy. Only the human mind remains a secret. This is the motivation for the Wallfacer Project, a daring plan that grants four men enormous resources to design secret strategies, hidden through deceit and misdirection from Earth and Trisolaris alike. Three of the Wallfacers are influential statesmen and scientists, but the fourth is a total unknown. Luo Ji, an unambitious Chinese astronomer and sociologist, is baffled by his new status. All he knows is that he's the one Wallfacer that Trisolaris wants dead"-- Provided by publisher
Index translationum : repertoire international des traductions : international bibliography of translations
Adultery : a novel
The discourses as reported by Arrian, the manual, and fragments. 2, Discourses, books III and IV
Pesikta de-Rab Kahana : R. Kahana's compilation of discourses for sabbaths and festal days. transl. from Hebrew and Aramaic by William G. (Gershon Zev) Braude and Israel J. Kapstein
The family
Three sisters
The secret life of bees
Red sorghum : a novel of China
Fire and ice
Death's end
Folklore from Maramuresh : Folclor din Maramureş
The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam
Singing Finland : translations from Finnish verse
A dangerous path
Francia et Germania : studies in Strengleikar and Þiðreks saga af Bern
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Tonight we improvise, and, "Leonora, addio!"
About Grace
The Roman antiquities of Dionysius of Halicarnassus. 1, [Books I and II]
The brothers
The beggar & the hare : a novel
The three-body problem
Ver̲r̲i vēr̲kai or the hand with a victorious spear : a popular books of maxims attributed to the 16th century king Ativīrarāma Pāṇṭiyan̲
Law and literature in medieval Iceland : Ljósvetninga saga and Valla-Ljóts saga
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
The library of shadows
Rasuto vriǰeme : izbor iz savremene kn̂ičevnosti Republike Srpske = Scattered time : a selection of contemporary literature from the Republic of Srpska
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
The butterfly
The priest of evil
Forest of secrets
Good news Bible
The Upanishads
A whole life
Englantilaisperäinen hartauskirjallisuus Suomessa Ruotsin vallan aikana : bibliografia = English devotional literature in Finland during the Swedish era : bibliography
The library of unrequited love
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Volume 11, South and East Asia, Africa and the Americas (1600-1700)
The Hymn of the pearl : the Syriac and Greek texts : with introduction, translations, and notes
Lotus creek
Rounding the mark
Connotations in Kenneth Grahame's The wind in the willows and its Finnish translation
Autobiography of a corpse
City of memory : a bilingual anthology of contemporary Polish poetry
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
The darkest hour
To steal her love
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 12, 920 A - 999 B
Dio's Roman history : in nine volumes. 2, Books XII-XXXV
Translation under negotiation : the textual interplay of translators and editors in contemporary Finnish Shakespeare translation
Contemporary Macedonian writers
Selection of Russian stories, reprinted from standard Russian texts, accompanied by new English translations.
Grimm's fairy tales
An ancient Syriac translation of the Kur'an exhibiting new verses and variants
My temples, too : a novel
The republic of Plato
The Dead Sea scrolls
Plutarch's Moralia : in sixteen volumes. 9, 697 C - 771 E
Metaphysics
Amazing tales : first series
Love must not be forgotten : and other selected writings
Dio's Roman history : in nine volumes. 9, Books LXXI-LXXX
Idioms and language users : the effect of the characteristics of idioms on their recognition and interpretation by native and non-native speakers of English
The client factor : a study of clients' expectations regarding non-literary translators and the quality of non-literary translations
The spy
The miraculous pigtail : and other selected writings
Translating the medieval Icelandic romance-sagas
In the land of the living
Between shadow and sunlight
The days of abandonment
Re-engineering legacy software through language conversion
The paper moon
Dio Chrysostom in five volumes. 4, [Discourses XXXVII-LX]
The Count of Monte Cristo
The shadow of the wind : a novel
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
Lu ye shu huai : ershi shiji Taiwan xiandai sanwen jingxuan = Down memory lane : a selection of 20th -century Taiwan prose
Christian-Muslim relations : a bibliographical history. Vol. 8, Northern and Eastern Europe 1600-1700
Snow White must die
