http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16462 golf courses
golf courses
Resorts : management and operation
Revenue management : a practical pricing perspective
Golf course news international
Practical drainage for golf, sportsturf and horticulture
Demonstration trials with winter cover protection : a Swedish–Finish project 2007-2010
Contemporary club management
Revenue management : a path to increased profits
The murder on the links
The superintendent's guide to controlling putting green speed
The Links
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Horticultural Plants in Urban and Peri-Urban Life : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Journal of turfgrass and sports surface science
Classic golf hole design : using the greatest holes as inspiration for modern course
Fundamentals of planning and developing tourism
Sustainable golf courses : a guide to environmental stewardship
The care of the golf course
Standard test methods for saturated hydraulic conductivity, water retention, porosity, and bulk density of putting green and sports turf root zones
A century of greenkeeping
Turf managers handbook for golf course construction, renovation and grow-in
Practical golf course maintenance : the magic of greenkeeping
Segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses
Golf greens : history, design, and construction
Best Golf Course Management Practices provides up-to-date basic and applied information on grasses available, their selection and use; soils and soil amendments; critical management decisions; pest management and IPM practices; environmental concerns and strategies to develop best management practices for golf courses; and personnel and financial considerations when developing and implementing annual budgets, leasing vs. buying equipment, and managing inventory. The author and contributors share their expertise in areas ranging from turfgrass to environmental science.
Resort hotels : planning and management
Golf course architecture : design, construction & restoration
Golf and Green space in Finland : Tali golf course since 1932
Golf monthly : Espoo
Top golf courses of the world
Bulletin for sports surface management
Travel industry economics : a guide for financial analysis
Golf course management and construction : environmental issues
The objective of the research was to map and investigate segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses. Furthermore, the research focused on investigating whether there was a need for segmentation, what kind of criteria can be found for segmentation and what kind of co-operation possibilities there were for golf courses. An international aspect to the research was added by investigating the situation of golf in Sweden. Currently there are 115 golf courses in Finland which are operating mainly on a similar basis. The operation of golf clubs in Finland is professional with profound golf knowledge, golf course masters and training as well as good international contacts. Similarly, the sport itself is traditional possessing rules, etiquette and awareness of environmental issues. However, there is imbalance in the use of golf courses between growth areas and the rest of Finland. Weaknesses can be found in the lack of playing possibilities for players who are not members of a golf club. Similarly, the capacity of golf courses in the growth areas of Finland is limited. These facts formed the background for the research. The research was qualitative with inductive approach. The conceptual framework was derived from the theories in the field of segmentation, consumer behaviour and services. The primary data collection method was group interviews. The data was audio-recorded and transcribed. The transcribed data was categorised and analysed using data reduction, data display and analysis. The research results and conclusions were presented in Finnish. The secondary data sources were various reports and data from the Internet. The research process started in December 2008 and three group interview sessions were held in early May 2009 at HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The research indicated that criteria for segmentation can be found and there were several co-operation possibilities between different golf courses, and with various interest groups. Based on the research findings and conclusions, two different approaches to the differentia-tion of golf courses were suggested; a golf course which would concentrate on a specific area e.g. business golf or competitions or a golf course which would differentiate its internal club and/or course operations based on the needs and requirements of segments/player groups. The research indicated that the identification of potential segments enables a golf course to adjust and optimise its operations. Therefore, it could be suggested that, within the research context, the need for segmentation was found.
Golf's best new destinations
Golf Greens and Green-Keeping
International turfgrass bulletin
Root growth dynamics in golf greens with different compression intensities and winter survival
Proceedings of the First International Conference on Turfgrass Management and Science for Sports Field : Athens Greece, 2-7 June
Turf management for golf courses
Best golf course management practices : construction, watering, fertilizing, cultural practices, and pest management strategies to maintain golf course turf with minimal environmental impact
A practical guide to ecological management of the golf course
Sports turf & amenity grasses : a manual for use and identification
Golf course architecture : the quarterly journal of golf course design and modification
Handbook of turfgrass management and physiology
Standard test methods for putting green and sports turf root zone mixes
Standard test method for particle size analysis and sand shape grading of golf course putting green and sports field rootzone mixes
Natural turf for sport and amenity : science and practice
Golf monthly : e-lehti
Marketing Vierumäki Golf Club in Russia
Biodiversity in golf courses and its contribution to the diversity of open green spaces in an urban setting
Sport, recreation and green space in the European city
IPM  Handbook for golf courses
My mission well over 500 : Scotland's golf courses
Specifications for a method of putting green construction
Evaluation of the plant growth regulator Primo MAXX® (trinexapac-ethyl) on Nordic golf courses : results from the second evaluation year 2008 and recommendations
Introduction of Rapid Turf in North America : an analysis of the marketing channel system
