http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16416 wind orchestras
wind orchestras
New Orleans brass bands : down yonder
Susato suite : six dances from "The danserye" : for brass ensemble
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Electric bass
The Bagpipe : A complete tutor with a selection of forty-six Irish and Scottish tunes
Ghosts in Hollywood
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, E flat baritone saxophone
From the red book
The four coronation anthems
Huntingtower : ballad for band
The power and the glory : 3. Ritual dance : op49 : for brass choir
Cousins : for trumpet (cornet) & trombone (euphonium) and wind band
Wind music in Finland : from military band to youth orchestra
The magic of Andrew Lloyd Webber
Hooked on a feeling
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, E flat horn
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Piano/Guitar accompaniment
Texas Bohemia revisited
Nationalhymnen : 55 Nationalhymnen = National anthems
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Timpani & auxiliary percussion
Starting out right : beginning-band pedagogy
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, E flat alto saxophone
Premium ouvertyr
Tombstone
Music for Queen Mary
The story of American classical music
The modern brass band : from the 1930s to the new millennium
From Vardø with love
Heavy Tuba and Jon Sass at Montreux Jazz Festival
Gipsy manifesto
Canzon duodecimi toni for ten-part brass choir : Sacrae Symphoniae - Venice, 1597
TixiMix : studio-live
Music for a ceremony
The music of the people : the story of the band movement in New Zealand, 1845-1963
Christmas on Broadway : for band, optional choir and strings
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Baritone T.C
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Trombone
Petrushka ; Ragtime ; Octet for Wind ; Suite: The Soldier's tale
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, B flat trumpet/cornet
I'm back..at carnival time!
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Tuba
Event horizon : for wind orchestra & mixed choir (ad libitum)
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Brass roots : a hundred years of brass bands and their music, 1836-1936
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, E flat baritone saxophone
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, B flat tenor saxophone
Classic christmas carols for a band
Roll with it : brass bands in the streets of New Orleans
Brass bands
Septet : for winds and percussions
New York now
Screamers / March Time
Finnish clarinet ensemble
The soldier's tale
Dead & gone : Aus & vorbei. 2, Totenlieder = Songs of death
The final chorale ; Five orchestral pieces
Festivo for brass ensemble and percussion
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, B flat clarinet
Sacrae symphoniae : sonata octavi toni : for twelve-part brass choir : score and parts
Prelude from Die Meistersinger : for four trumpets in C (piccolo) four horns, euphonium, three trombones, tuba, percussion
Beginner's guide to brass
Is that a riot?
Concerto for piano and wind instruments
Partita for brass : for twelve-part brass choir
Fanfares and overtures for wind band
A royal tribute : music performed at the wedding of HRH Prince William and Kate Middleton April 29 2011
Brass unbound : secret children of the colonial brass band
The Final Chorale
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, French horn
Marche funebre : music for solemn occasions
The life & times of..
Londonderry air : arranged for trombone and brass ensemble
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Drums & mallet percussion
Praeludium for brass, bells and percussion
Fanfare for brass
Variations on a theme by Haydn
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Baritone T.C
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, E flat alto saxophone
The sociology of wind bands : amateur music between cultural domination and autonomy
The British brass band : a musical and social history
March of the Zapotec ; Holland
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Oboe
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Flute
Original 19th century music for brass
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, B flat trumpet/cornet
The splendour of baroque brass
Symphoniae sacrae : no. 7 : canzon primi toni à 10 : for 7 trumpets and 3 trombones (5 trumpets and 5 trombones)
The complete bandmaster
Suite for brass instruments
Rebirth of New Orleans
Bells : for brass choir
The final chorale
Patrick Conway and his famous band
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
Kyrie : brass for ten voices : 5 trps & 5 trbs : parts
Russian funeral : for brass & percussion : (1936)
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Timpani & auxiliary percussion
Bodyguard : I will always love you : voice solo, wind band
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, B flat tenor saxophone
Symphoniae Sacrae : no. 8 : canzon duo decimi toni à 10 (no. 1) : foe 6 trumpets and 4 trombones
Native informant
Fanfare for the common man
Short classics for band : 17th Century Compositions
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Conductor score
The Main event : Live at the Maple Leaf
Born in the sauna
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Flute
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Drums & mallet percussion
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Tuba
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Conductor score
Take it to the street
Jokipuiston orkesteri featuring Bianca Morales & Pepe Ahlqvist
What a performance! : The brass band plays..
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Trombone
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, French horn
Ears to the wall
March of the Zapotek ; Holland
Military marches
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 2, Piano/Guitar accompaniment
Finnish Music Quarterly 2001:1 : Finnish Brass Shines On
Finnish works for wind band
Satchmo! : a tribute to Louis Armstrong : a medley including: What a wonderful world, When the saints go marching in, St. Louis blues, Hello, Dolly!
Funeral March from Die Götterdämmerung : transcribed for ten-part Brass choir with percussion
The James Bond theme
The water music
The wind band : its literature and technique
Standard of excellence : comprehensive band method. Book 1, Eb Tuba
Canzon quarti toni for fifteen-part brass choir : Sacrae Symphoniae - Venice, 1597
Finnish Junior all star big band
