http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16465 binding agents
binding agents
Handbook of adhesives and surface preparation : technology, applications and manufacturing
Binding medium, pigments and metal soaps characterised and localised in paint cross-sections / Katrien Keune
Dissolution of mineral fibre in a formic acid solution: kinetics, modelling and gelation of the resulting sol
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain : a chemical study
Development of an eco- and material-efficient pellet production chain—a chemical study
Adhesion science and engineering. 2, Surfaces, chemistry, and applications / edited by M. Chaudhury, A.V. Pocius
Care and repair of advanced composites
Ida's storehouse, the youngest of the group of the buildings belonging to the Niemelä tenant farm in the Seurasaari open-air museum, was conserved and restored in 2014-2015. For the restoration painting, the paint surfaces on the storehouse's door and window structures were analysed to identify the pigments and binders used. Several layers of paint and three different types of paint surfaces were found on the door panelling. Some of the paint layers are presumably a result of maintenance painting during the time the building has been at the museum. However, there is only one layer of paint on the frames, linings and door edges, which is therefore likely to be paint surface from the time before the building was relocated to Seurasaari. The aim was to confirm the binder used in the paint of this layer in particular, because identifying it had not been possible during preliminary studies..
Adhesive and sealant compounds and their formulations
Ida's storehouse : a case study on pigments and paint binders on the folk buildings in Seurasaari
Adhesive compendium for conservation
Common drugs and side effects : a handbook for the aesthetician
Formulating adhesives and sealants : chemistry, physics and applications /.
Resins : ancient and modern
Holding it all together : ancient and modern approaches to joining, repair and consolidation
Thin-layer chronomatography for binding media analysis
A sol-gel derived adhesive for industrial use
The effect of two pesticides (Vitavax-300 and Gaucho) on rhizobia and on the nodulation of four legumes
Science for conservators. Volume 3, Adhesives and coatings
Influence of cementing materials on the permeability of concrete
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Computational toxicology : methods and applications for risk assessment
Explaining ceramic variability : the case of two tempers
Interactions betweenlatex and starch binders in pigment coating of paper
Collagen XV as a matrix organizer : its function in the heart and its role together with laminin α4 in peripheral nerves
Ancient binding media, varnishes and adhesives
Formulas for stress, strain, and structural matrices
Drug-induced diseases : prevention, detection, and management
Adhesives handbook
Dermatologic, cosmeceutic, and cosmetic development : therapeutic and novel approaches
Occupational asthma and rhinoconjunktivitis caused by senna : [case report]
Fatigue of asphalt mixes
Thermoreactive polymer composite with high particulate filler content
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Preparation of corrugating adhesives : a project of the Process and Quality Control Committee, Corrugated Containers Division
The structure and function of normal and mutated collagen IX
The role of weight reduction sensitive genes in adipose tissue biology and adipocyte function : special emphasis on the expression of MFAP5 and CPPED1
Climate policy and nonrenewable resources : the green paradox an beyond
Starch and other carbohydrate adhesives for use in textile conservation
Materials for conservation : organic consolidants, adhesives and coatings
Converting raw materials into the products : road base material stabilized with slag-based binders
Lost secrets of Flemish painting, including the first complete English translation of the De Mayerne Manuscript, B. M. Sloane 2052
Adhesive compendium for conservation / written and compiled by Jane L. Down
Management and control of wax and stickies
Structural characterization of road base materials treated with hydraulic binders
Computational Toxicology: Methods and Applications for Risk Assessment is an essential reference on the translation of computational toxicology data into information that can be used for more informed risk assessment decision-making. This book is authored by leading international investigators who have real-world experience in relating computational toxicology methods to risk assessment. Key topics of interest include QSAR modeling, chemical mixtures, applications to metabolomic and metabonomic data sets, toxicogenomic analyses, applications to REACH informational strategies and much more. With a free companion website featuring an image bank from the book and web links for further research and reading, this authoritative reference is your complete guide to computational toxicology methods and applications to risk assessment. Authored by leading international researchers engaged in cutting-edge applications of computational methods for translating complex toxicological data sets into useful risk assessment informationIncorporates real-world examples of how computational toxicological methods have been applied to advance the science of risk assessment Provides the framework necessary for new technologies and fosters common vocabularies and principles upon which the effects of new chemical entities should be compared.
Adhesives and Consolidants : preprints of the contributions to the Paris congress, 2-8 september 1984
