http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16426 lorries
lorries trucks
The illustrated encyclopedia of american trucks and commercial vehicles
American Semi Trucks
Truck racing : circuit, drag, oval & desert truck racing from America, Africa &Europe
Motor truck engineering handbook
Lowe ́s transport managers & operators handbook 2015
Where do diggers sleep at night?
Tough trucks
Draw 50 boats, ships, trucks & trains
My first trucks and diggers : let's get driving!
Wild about trucks and diggers
Lowe's transport mager's  & operator's handbook 2011
Lorries, trucks and vans : 1927-1973
The world encyclopedia of trucks : An illustrated guide to classic and contemporary trucks around the world
Heavy vehicle and highway dynamics
Modern diesel technology : heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration
The old blue pickup truck
Heavy vehicle systems
Passenger car, truck and bus tyres: methods of measuring rolling resistance : single point test and correlation of measurement results
Abstract: Improving the use of plastics in heavy truck industry.
Richard Scarry's trucks
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Medium / heavy duty truck diesel engines : computer based training (CBT) course
Modern diesel technology : electricity and electronics
Mighty trucks
American semi trucks
Commercial road vehicles
Lowe's transport mananger ́s & operator's handbook 2014
Holistic work system design and management : a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers' work outside the cab
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
My big truck book
Pictorial history of american trucks
Classic American semi trucks
Can you see what I see? : Trucks & cars
Heavy Vehicle Brake Code
Everything will look different ten years from now
Tyre pressure on trucks
American trucks of the early thirties
Tremendous toy trucks
American trucks of the late thirties, 1935-1939
Design and Simulation of Tail Lifts for Truck
Big Rigs in for long haul
Kids meet the tractors and trucks
Harmonization of vechile weights and dimensions : consequences in Finland
Kafka on the shore
Market entry to axle business of Indian heavy-duty truck industry
Great Trucks
First book of tractors and trucks
Big rigs : on the road with the world's best semi trucks
Chilton's truck and van repairmanual 1971-1978
The truckin' sessions
Euro truck simulator : gold edition : PC CD-ROM
SUPER TRUCKS
Heavy equipment : the world's largest machinery
Truck & commercial vehicle international
Truck crashworthiness, occupant protection and ergonomics
Farmer Dale's red pickup truck
Toyota Truck & Land Cruiser owner's bible : a hands-on guide to getting the most from your Toyota
Brake design and safety
Afghan trucks
Correlation of road retardation and dynamometer measurements for lorries and trailer combinations
Truck vehicle dynamics & suspenions
Road accidents of trailer combinations in Finland : a case study
Service manual : trucks. Group 37, Version 02, Wiring diagram, FM7, FM10, FM12 LHD
Launching Avant Compact Multi-functional Loaders in Southeast Asia  : Golf, Construction, Landscaping and Property Maintenance Industries
The illustrated encyclopedia of tractors & trucks : the ultimate world reference with over 1,500 photographs
The world encyclopedia of trucks : an illustrated guide to classic and contemporary trucks around the world
American work trucks : a pictorial history of commercial trucks 1900-1994
Illustrated book of trucks : from the early classics to contemporary trucks around the world
The advanced Ackerman steering system of a full trailer
Trailer-truck drivers in work zones : effects of a focussed campaign
The Safety Design Research of a LNG Carrier Vehicle
Aerodynamics of heavy vehicles : trucks, buses, and trains
Truck chassis and cabin dynamic behaviour
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Giants of the road : The story of the truck
Big rigs in action
Guide to load analysis for durability in vehicle engineering
American truck spotter's guide, 1920-1970
Improving the use of plastics in heavy truck industry
This is my dump truck
THE ILLUSTRATED ENCYCLOPEDIA OF TRUCKS AND BUSES
The world encyclopedia of trucks : an illustrated guide to classic and contemporary trucks around the world with over 650 colour illustrations covering the great makes and the landmarks in design and development
Tumbler and the slippery ice
Service manual : trucks. Group 37, Version 01, Wiring diagram, FM12, FM16 LHD
