http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16494 newspaper advertising
newspaper advertising magazine advertising
Commercialisation of the regional press : the development of monopoly, profit and control
You are what you eat : food advertising, contemporary food consumption and life-style strategies
Epica book 19 : Europe's best advertising
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Special effects of American magazine advertising language
Communication arts
SPD 50th publication design annual
Standardization and adaptation of international advertising : special emphasis on print advertising in Poland
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Evolution of revenue streams and the business model of newspapers : the U.S. industry between 1950-2000
Chinese women and consumer culture : discourses on beauty and identity in advertising and women's magazines 1985-1995
A study of the more than fifty US and International glossy publications for women. This analysis focuses on the strategies by which the commercial structure shapes the cultural content, the magazines' repetitive attempts to secure a consensus about the feminine that is grounded in consumerism, and the contradictory semiotic structures at work within and between purchased ads, covert ads, and editorial features.
Baltic media book. 2000.
Modeling newsprint consumption : a Finnish case study for the period 1960-1986
English job titles in Finnish recruitment advertisements
Sales promotion works : vol. 2.
Adbusters : journal of the mental environment
Advertising : principles & practice
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Observations on advertising of flight services by different companies
Differnces is Spanish and English advertising in the Miami area
Aspects of information in travel advertising
Advertising America : ideology in contemporary American magazine advertising
Integrated marketing communications plan for online newspaper : case : ess.fi of Mediatalo Esa
English in Suosikki magazine's ads 1970-2012
Cultural branding applied to design : a case of a finnish chocolate brand
The modern female gender roles of print advertising : a study of female gender roles of print advertising and their differences in localized and standardized advertising
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
The Best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
The big book of typographics : Typographics 1 : the art of typography from digital to dyeline : Typographics 2 : cybertype - screens and 'zines
Journal of advertising research
English in Finnish magazine advertisements : attention and selling power?
Adam in ads : a hhirty-year look at mediated masculinities in advertising in Finland and the US
The practice of advertising
National culture appearance in international luxury : a content analyse of print advertisements in France and Russia
Finnish summary.
Visual and verbal advertising language in Blue Wings magazine
Cross cultural study : critical examination of the British and Finnish journalists' ethics when being involved in a PR launch of a new health or beauty product
Now 42 : that's what I call advertising
The international annual of advertising = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbung = le répertoire international du la publicité
Observations on the lexis and style of bank advertising in business magazines
The society of publication designers 43rd publication design annual
Promotional culture and convergence : markets, methods, media
Epica book 24 : Europe's best advertising
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Lexical creativity in advertising English
How to write great copy : learn the unwritten rules of copywriting
Posters & publicity : fine printing and design "commercial art" annual 1928
Changing world changing word: a study of Anglicisms in Finnish newspaper advertisements
The one show : advertisingś best print, design, radio, TV. Vol 23
The little blue book of advertising : fifty-two small ideas that can make a big difference
The functions and meanings of English code-switching in Finnish print advertising
Translating promotional and advertising texts
Advertising to women through the internet : a comparative multimodal study between finnish and english
Taboo in advertising
Values, health and medicalization : a study of the ethical language in printed advertisements
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
The magazine from cover to cover : inside a dynamic industry
The future of newspapers
The Copy Book
The fundamentals of creative advertising
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
The unwritten rules of copywriting : a guide to better press, poster, TV, radio and Web site advertising
The media of mass communication
A discourse analysis of recruitment advertisements in three British women's magazines
Representations of women in advertising : comparison of women's magazine advertising in 1950s and 2010s
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
Looking good! : a content analysis of men's cosmetics advertisements in Finnish magazines
From print to online : how lifestyle magazine editors-in-chief perceive advertising influence
The 42nd publication design annual
Marketing for Dummies
El Making of ... Top Trendit! : Anglicisms in women's magazine advertising in Finland and Spain
Customer relationship marketing
On advertising with special reference to selected features in car advertisements in Finnish and English magazines
Advertising in women's magazines : 1956-74
Advertising today
"Women and men like different things"? - doing gender als Strategie der Werbesprache
Representation of global and local in advertising : multimodal code-switching?
The use of English in the advertisements of a Finnish business magazine
Adam in ads : a thirty-year look at mediated masculinities in advertising in Finland and the US
Stile italiano : twenty yearsǵraphic design in Italian fashion
Audience members' goals of media use and processing of advertisements
On gender-based persuasion techniques in cosmetics advertising : a comparative analysis of advertisements for female and male consumers
Lürzer's int'l archive : ads, TV and posters worldwide
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
The role of a magazine as an advertising medium : case: Työ, terveys, turvallisuus magazine
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
Advertising creative : strategy, copy + design
The magazine from cover to cover
Marketing communication plan for Tmi Jukka Vainio
Contemporary advertising
Exploring the media : text, industry, audience
Development of magazine sector and magazine advertising in China
Ad critique : how to deconstruct ads in order to build better advertising
Decoding women's magazines : from mademoiselle to ms.
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
The best magazine design : photography, illustration, infographics & digital
Advertising language and gender
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
