http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16473 beef cattle
beef cattle
Effects of concentrate level and rapeseed meal supplementation on performance, carcass characteristics, meat quality and valuable cuts of Hereford and Charolais bulls offered grass silage-barley-based rations
Breeding for carcass traits in dairy cattle
Animal performance and carcass characteristics of growing Hereford bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions in Northern Finland
Beef cattle nutrition and tropical pastures
Processing of poultry
Animals and modern cultures : a sociology of human-animal relations in modernity
Beef production from silage and other conserved forages
Feed efficiency in the beef industry
A randomised complete block design was used to study the effects on animal performance of (1) the increasing level of supplementary concentrate with grass silage (GS), and (2) feeding GS and concentrates separately or as a total mixed ration (TMR). A feeding experiment comprised 32 dairy bulls with average initial live weight of 145 kg. The feeding treatments were: (1) GS (660 g kg-1 dry matter intake) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered separately, (2) GS (660) plus medium level of rolled barley (330) offered as TMR, (3) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered separately, and (4) GS (330) plus high level of rolled barley (660) offered as TMR. During the experiment (398 days) the bulls were fed ad libitum either GS or TMR. The increasing concentrate level increased energy intake, carcass gain and dressing proportion of the bulls but had no effects on carcass conformation or fat score. TMR feeding had no effects on carcass gain, dressing proportion, carcass conformation or fat score but increased dry matter and energy intake compared to the separate feeding.
Suckled calf production
The objective of this study was to determine the effects of silage plant species (faba bean and field pea based whole crop legume-cereals vs. grass) on performance and meat quality of growing Aberdeen Angus (AA) and Nordic Red (NR) bulls. A 2×3 factorial design was used. The experiment comprised 30 AA and 30 NR bulls. Both breeds were randomly allotted to the three feeding treatments. The compositions (g kg-1 dry matter) of diets were: 1) grass silage (650) plus rolled barley (350), 2) faba bean-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350) and 3) pea-wheat silage (650) plus rolled barley (350). The experimental diets were offered as total mixed rations ad libitum. The AA bulls grew faster, had better feed conversion rates and superior dressing proportion and carcass conformation compared to the NR bulls. Replacing grass silage by whole crop legume-cereal silages in the diet did not have remarkable effects on animal performance, carcass characteristics or meat quality..
Campylobacter is a leading cause of enteric infections in many countries. The principal reservoir of pathogenic Campylobacter spp. is the alimentary tract of wild and domesticated mammals and birds. FAO and WHO have undertaken a risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens. An interpretative summary of that work is described in this volume. This assessment compared the risk for a variety of scenarios and mitigation measures for control of the organism in a range of broiler chicken products. This volume contains information that is useful to both risk assessors and risk managers, governments and food regulatory agencies, industry and other people or institutions with an interest in Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens, the public health impact and the use of risk assessment in the evaluation and selection of potential control strategies--Publisher's description.
A photographic guide to the muscular and skeletal anatomy of the beef carcass
Breeding soundness evaluation of zebu bulls : with special reference to variations in clinical parameters and sperm characteristics in sires extensively managed in the dry tropics of Costa Rica
Rationing beef cattle : a practical manual
This study estimated the possibilities of reducing costs and improving input use in a sample of Swedish farms specialising in beef production. Input use efficiency was measured in a multi-output, multi-input function distance function analysis, covering the period 2008-2011. For comparison, both the classical radial and the generalised non-parametric approach were used. The results revealed that on average, costs could be decreased by 20%. Both models constructed frontiers where: i) the rankings of farms according to efficiency were positively and highly correlated and ii) the size and the significance of the parameter estimates were similar. Input-saving technologies were found to be positively influenced by livestock density, pasture availability and the use of coupled income support. Larger farms, farms with higher specialisation in beef cattle, farms with a larger number of animals older than 2 years, farms converting to organic production, farms located in less favoured areas and farms located in regions with a shorter grazing period were found be less efficient.
Introduction to animal science
Beef today
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Beef cattle science
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Holstein-Friesian (Hol) and Hol×beef breed crossbred bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 87323 purebred Hol, 783 Hol×Aberdeen angus (Hol×Ab), 621 Hol×Blonde d'Aquitaine (Hol×Ba), 562 Hol×Charolais (Hol×Ch), 349 Hol×Hereford (Hol×Hf), 1691 Hol×Limousin (Hol×Li) and 570 Hol×Simmental (Hol×Si) bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected and included observations of 8806 purebred Hol, 57 Hol×Ab, 29 Hol×Ba, 22 Hol×Ch, 15 Hol×Hf, 111 Hol×Li and 58 Hol×Si bulls. Crossbreeding Hol cows with late maturing breeds (Ba, Ch, Li, Si) had favorable effects on carcass gain, conformation and proportion of high value joints of the progeny when compared to purebred Hol bulls. No advantages in proportion of valuable cuttings seemed to be obtained by crossbreeding with Ab or Hf breeds, while the improvements in gain and conformation were intermediate compared to the late maturing crossbreds.
Chemical and microbiological changes occurring during aerobic exposure of maize silages and their influence on dry matter (DM) intake and preference by goats were evaluated. Eight maize silages differing in DM content, chopping length and compaction pressure were used for the study. After opening, silages were exposed to air for 8 days (d). In 2-d intervals, silage was stored anaerobically for use in preference trials. During the experimental phase, each possible two-way combination of the five silages (d0, d2, d4, d6 and d8) and one standard lucerne hay, was offered as free choice to six goats. Generally, a significant decline occurred in DM intake after 4 d of aerobic exposure. After 8 d, mean decrease in intake was 53% in comparison to the fresh silages. Preference when expressed as DM intake was negatively correlated to silage temperature (as difference to ambient), ethanol and ethyl lactate.
Production and utilization of ensiled forages by beef cattle, dairy cows, pregnant ewes and finishing lambs : a review
Cattle feeding
Lawrie's meat science
Properties of intramuscular connective tissue in pork and poultry with reference to weakening of structure
The microbiology of poultry meat products
The importance of grass in profitable beef production
A keen eye : fact and folklore on Scottish Highland cattle
Streamlined inspection system : broiler chicken
Beef cattle production systems
The homoeopathic treatment of beef and dairy cattle
Cattle housing design : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Charlie Trotter's meat & game
This paper reviews the production of, and factors affecting the performance of dairy cows, beef cattle and sheep offered silage based diets in Ireland and UK. Digestibility is the most important factor influencing the feed value of grass silage and consequently animal performance. Each 10 g kg-1 increase in digestive organic matter in the dry matter (DOMD) increases milk yield of dairy cows by 0.33 kg d-1, carcass gain of beef cattle by 23.8 g d-1 , carcass gain of finishing lambs by 9.3 g d-1, lamb birth weight by 52.3 g and ewe weight post lambing by 1.3 kg, respectively. Factors influencing feed value of grass silage are discussed including harvest date, wilting, fertilizer management, chop length and use of additives at ensiling. Maize silage increases the performance of cattle and sheep whilst whole crop wheat silage has no beneficial effect. Advances in silage technology, has enabled the ensiling high protein forages, such as red clover, lucerne and kale.
The cattle health handbook : preventive care, disease treatments & emergency procedures for promoting the well-being of your beef or dairy herd
A keen eye : fact and folklore on scottish highland cattle
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Poultry cook book
Performance of growing and finishing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation relative to a grass silage-based diet
Poultry science
Environmental impacts of pasture-based farming
Organic meat production in the '90s : proceedings of a conference held at Reading University 22 September 1989
Beef cattle at grass
Poultry diseases and meat hygiene : a color atlas
Poultry products processing : an industry guide
Nutrient requirements of beef cattle
Meat, poultry and game : fift supplement to the fift edition of McCance and Widdowson's The Composition of Foods
Insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing for replacement beef heifers on restricted grass silage-based diet in a cold environment
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Tactical decisions of concentrate level, slaughter age and carcass weight of bulls of five beef breeds under Norwegian conditions
Costs of two alternative Salmonella control policies in Finnish broiler production
Time budgets of finishing bulls housed in an uninsulated barn or at pasture
Beef cattle production
World animal science. 100 5, Beef cattle production
Beef production from different dairy breeds and dairy beef crosses : a seminar in the CEC programme of coordination of research on beef production held at Castleknock, Co. Dublin, Ireland, April 13-15, 1981
"All in - all out" finishing units for dairy beef production
Meat quality and fatty acid profile of M. longissimus dorsi of growing bulls under insulated, uninsulated and outdoor housing conditions
Efficient livestock handling : the practical application of animal welfare and behavioral science
Towards more profitable and sustainable milk and beef production system
A comparison of purebred Holstein-Friesian and Holstein-Friesian × beef breed bulls for beef production and carcass traits
Meat quality traits for Holstein-Friesian (HF), Norwegian Red × Holstein-Friesian (NR) and Jersey × Holstein-Friesian (JE) cattle reared to slaughter as two genders (bulls and steers) and 2 slaughter weights (570 kg and 640 kg) were compared. Adipose tissue from JE was more yellow (p<0.05) than HF or NR which were similar. There was no difference between breeds and no breed-related interactions for chemical composition, cook loss or instrumental tenderness of longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle (LT). When adjusted for differences in lipid concentration, LT from NR-sired animals tended to be less red (p=0.058) and LT from JE-sired animals had a lower hue (p<0.05). Substitution of NR or JE for HF sires in the dairy herd will not have important effects on LT characteristics in the production systems examined but the more yellow carcasses from JE-sired cattle may limit their suitability for markets with a carcass fat colour specification.
Effects of supplementary concentrate level and separate or total mixed ration feeding on performance of growing dairy bulls
Effects of barley grain compared to commercial concentrate or rapeseed meal supplementation on performance of growing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet
A comparison of Nordic Red, Holstein-Friesian and Finnish native cattle bulls for beef production and carcass traits : research notes
Beef production and management decisions
Factors affecting calf crop
The objective of this study was to determine beef production traits of purebred Nordic Red (NR), Holstein-Friesian (Hol), Eastern Finncattle (EF), Northern Finncattle (NF) and Western Finncattle (WF) bulls. The data collected from slaughterhouses included observations of 164 862 NR, 87 323 Hol, 283 EF, 523 NF and 1 728 WF bulls. For estimating valuable cuttings also a separate dataset was collected including observations of 16 036 NR, 8 806 Hol, 18 EF, 126 NF, and 133 WF bulls. NR and Hol had the highest carcass gain (532 and 542 g d-1, respectively). Overall, the data showed poorer gain of the Finnish native breeds compared to NR and Hol. Among the native breeds, WF (427 g d-1) showed better growth compared to EF (356 g d-1) and NF (385 g d-1).  Less differences were observed in valuable cuttings as might be inferred based on the differences in carcass conformation scores.
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens : interpretative summary
Introduction to animal science : global, biological, social, and industry perspectives
The objective of the present study was to compare the colour, chemical composition, meat quality and fatty acid profile of the longissimus dorsi (LD) muscle of growing bulls housed in an insulated tie-stall, an uninsulated barn or a forest paddock. Two housing experiments were conducted at the North Ostrobothnia Research Station of MTT Agrifood Research Finland in Ruukki (64°44'N, 25°15'E). The first experiment was conducted from November 1999 to October 2000 and comprised 30 Hereford bulls, the second from November 2000 to December 2001 with 30 Ayrshire bulls. In both experiments the bulls were divided into six groups of five animals according to live weight and the groups were randomly allotted to one of three treatments: tie-stall in an insulated barn (IB bulls, ten animals/individual stall), uninsulated barn (UB bulls, five animals/pen, two pens) and forest paddock (PAD bulls, five animals/paddock, two paddocks). Nine carcasses from experiment 1 (three/treatment) and twelve from experiment 2 (four/treatment) were randomly selected for meat quality analyses. After slaughter, the carcasses were cooled for 24h at 2 °C and LD samples were taken by complete cross-section between the 12th and 13th ribs. The results were calculated across the two experiments and analysed as one data. There were no differences between housing environments in temperature or pH of the LD or meat moisture, fat or protein composition of the LD. Instead, the myoglobin content of the LD was 21% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). Between IB and UB bulls there was no difference in meat myoglobin content and there were no significant (p < 0.05) differences between housing environments in the colour of the LD. However, the muscle tended to be 6% lighter (L-value) in IB bulls than in PAD bulls (p = 0.09). There were no significant differences in shear force or sensory analysis (tenderness, juiciness, overall flavour) between treatments. The LD of the PAD bulls contained a higher proportion of 18:2 and 18:3 fatty acids compared to that of IB bulls (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the saturated fatty acid (SFA) or monounsaturated fatty acid proportions of the LD between treatments. Instead, the polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) proportion of the LD was 34% higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05). The PUFA:SFA ratio was higher in PAD bulls than in IB bulls (p < 0.05) but there was no difference in the PUFA:SFA ratio between UB and IB bulls. In conclusion, there were no important effects of housing system on the meat quality characteristics of the LD, although according to meat fatty acid profiles, outdoor housed bulls produced meat with a higher PUFA:SFA ratio than tethered bulls in an insulated barn.
Poultry meat hygiene and inspection
The objectives of the study with dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diet were to determine the effects on animal performance of (1) concentrate type (barley vs. commercial concentrate) and (2) supplementation of rapeseed meal (RSM) in barley-based concentrate, with data being compared from preweaning to slaughter. The experiment comprised a total of 37 Finnish Ayrshire and 23 Holstein-Friesian bulls. Experimental concentrate treatments were 1) rolled barley (B), 2) rolled barley + rapeseed meal (BRSM) and 3) commercial concentrate (CC). During the preweaning (from 0.5 to 2.5 months) there were no differences in intake, gain or feed conversion. During the postweaning (from 2.5 to 6.0 months) the energy intake and gain of the B bulls were 12-13% lower than those of the BRSM bulls (p < 0.05) and 16% lower than those of the CC bulls (p < 0.01). However, there were no treatment differences in the energy intake or gain of the bulls during the finishing period (from 6.0 to 18.0 months of age) or on average during the experiment. Furthermore, carcass traits of the bulls did not differ between treatments. It is concluded that production traits were unaffected by concentrate type or RSM supplementation when data is compared from preweaning to slaughter.
Targeted sampling of beef animals at slaughter
Production, carcass characteristics and valuable cuts of beef breed bulls and heifers in Finnish beef cattle population
Getting started with beef & dairy cattle
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
Domestic duck production : science and practice
Cattle and buffalo meat production in the tropics
Grass-fed cattle : how to produce and market natural beef
Storey's guide to raising chickens : [care, feeding, facilities]
Performance and meat quality of Nordic Red and Aberdeen Angus bulls offered faba bean or field pea based whole crop legume-cereal silages
Input saving possibilities and practices contributing to more efficient beef production in Sweden
Housing design for cattle : Danish recommendations : interdisciplinary report
Beef cattle feeding and nutrition
Breeding, production recording, health and the evaluation of farm animals : proceedings of the 35th biennial session of ICAR, Kuopio, Finland june 6-10, 2006
Gaining the edge in ruminant production : nutritional strategies for optimal productivity and efficiency
Barley fibre and wet distillers' solubles in the diet of growing cattle
Beef management and production : a practical guide for farmers and students
Storey's guide to raising beef cattle : health, handling, breeding
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
Multi-step beef ration optimisation : application of linear and weighted goal programming with a penalty function
This study aimed at comparing the behaviour of finishing bulls raised in an uninsulated barn (UB) and at pasture (PAS). In experiment 1, dairy bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (two groups of five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (groups of four and five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). In experiment 2, Hereford bulls were housed in an uninsulated barn (three groups of four or five bulls, 32 m2/pen) or at pasture (three groups of five bulls, 5000 m2/paddock). There were no differences in drinking, social licking, butting, other social behaviour, self-licking or idling between the UB and PAS bulls. The UB bulls spent more time in lying, ruminating, oral explorative and manipulative behaviour and rubbing and less time foraging and walking than the PAS bulls. The UB bulls performed more social licking and oral manipulation of objects and less mounting than the PAS bulls. These differences resulted most probably from the different feeding regimes and different space allowances.
Modern livestock & poultry production
Beef cattle management practices
This study was conducted to examine the performance of growing dairy bulls offered diets based on whole-crop barley silage with or without protein supplementation when compared to a grass silage-based diet. A feeding experiment comprised 36 bulls which were fed a total mixed ration ad libitum. The four dietary treatments were: 1) grass silage (600 g kg-1 dry matter) and rolled barley (400), 2) whole-crop barley silage (600) and rolled barley (400), 3) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (310) and rapeseed meal-based protein supplementation (90), and 4) whole-crop barley silage (600), rolled barley (330) and rapeseed meal + urea -based protein supplementation (70). Replacing grass silage with whole-crop barley decreased the carcass gain and carcass weight of the bulls due to lower energy intake. Protein supplementation either as rapeseed meal or rapeseed meal + urea of whole-crop barley silage based diets had no effects on animal performance.
Consequences of hazardous dietary calcium deficiency for fattening bulls
Principles of cattle production
Model-It : International Symposium on Applications of Modelling as an Innovative Technology in the Agri-Food Chain : 29 November - 2 December, Wageningen, Netherlands
The objectives of this experiment with Hereford (Hf) and Charolais (Ch) bulls offered grass silage-based diets were to determine the effects on performance, carcass traits and meat quality of the proportion of concentrate in the diet, and the inclusion of rapeseed meal (RSM) in the barley-based concentrate. The two concentrate proportions were 200 and 500 g kg-1 dry matter, fed without or with RSM. The Ch bulls tended to achieve higher gain, produced less fat, had a higher percentage of meat from high-priced joints and had a lower degree of marbling in their meat compared to the Hf bulls. Dry matter and energy intakes, growth performance and carcass conformation improved with increasing concentrate level. Intake parameters and conformation improved more with the Ch bulls than with the Hf bulls as a consequence of increased concentrate allowance. RSM had only limited effects on the performance, carcass traits or meat quality.
Feedlot processing and arrival cattle management
The objective of the experiment was to study the performance, carcass traits and meat quality of purebred Aberdeen Angus (Ab) and Limousin (Li) bulls and Ab×Li crossbred bulls offered grass silage-grain-based rations and raised to heavy carcass weights. The experiment included eight bulls in all breed groups. The average slaughter age for all breeds was 540 days and the mean carcass weights for the Ab, Ab×Li and Li bulls were 391, 399 and 439 kg, respectively. Significant breed differences in carcass traits and meat quality were observed. The Limousin bulls tended to achieve a higher conformation score, produced less fat and had a higher percentage of valuable cuts compared with the Aberdeen Angus bulls. The crossbred Ab×Li bulls produced better conformed carcasses and a higher share of the rounds compared to the pure Ab bulls which indicate that this type of crossbreeding can enhance beef production under the studied conditions.
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
The cull cow as a beef producer
The aim of this paper is to present the method and tool for optimisation of beef-fattening diets. Changes in policy environment and changes in costs of feed pose challenges for farm efficiency. We construct a spreadsheet from two modules based on mathematical deterministic programming techniques. In order to obtain an estimate of the magnitude of costs that may be incurred, the first module utilizes a linear program for least-cost ration formulation. The resulting value is then targeted as a cost goal in the second module. This is supported by weighted goal programming with a penalty function system. The approach presented here is an example of how a combination of mathematical programming techniques might be applied to prepare a user-friendly tool for "optimal" ration formulations. We report results that confirm this approach as useful, since one is able to formulate a least-cost ration without risking a decrease in the ration's nutritive value or affecting the balance between nutrients.
Colour of subcutaneous adipose tissue and colour and tenderness of the longissimus thoracis et lumborum muscle from Holstein-Friesian, Norwegian RedxHolstein-Friesian and JerseyxHolstein-Friesian cattle slaughtered at two live weights as bulls or steers
Effect of breed on production, carcass traits and meat quality of Aberdeen Angus, Limousin and Aberdeen Angus×Limousin bulls offered a grass silage-grain-based diet
Optimal beef cattle management under agricultural policy reforms in Finland
Nutrition and feeding of organic cattle
How to raise cattle : everything you need to know
Muscle foods : meat, poultry and seafood technology
Gut efficiency : the key ingredient in ruminant production : elevating animal performance and health
Modern livestock and poultry production
Poultry meat processing
The objective of the present study was to determine growth and carcass traits of beef breed bulls and heifers in the Finnish beef cattle population. The data collected from Finnish slaughterhouses included observations of 6323 and 2385 Hereford (bulls and heifers, respectively), 4421 and 1794 Charolais, 4335 and 1951 Limousin, 4068 and 1692 Aberdeen Angus, 2151 and 774 Simmental, 344 and 147 Blonde d'Aquitaine animals. For estimating valuable cuttings, a separate dataset including in total 1112 bulls and 260 heifers was also collected. Significant breed differences were observed in growth performance, carcass traits and retail product yield. The later maturing, Continental beef breeds seem to reach higher carcass gains, produce less fat and have more valuable cuts than the earlier maturing British beef breeds. The later maturing beef breeds tend to have carcass traits that suit well in the Finnish beef production system.
Genetic studies of beef characteristics in Swedish cattle breeds
Changes in maize silage fermentation products during aerobic deterioration and effects on dry matter intake by goats
Animal breeding : an introduction
Bovine muscle glycogen concentration in relation to diet, slaughter and ultimate beef quality
The Highland Cow
Concentrate feeding strategies for growing and finishing dairy bulls offered grass silage-based diets
Relationship of breast fillet deboning time to shear force, pH, cooking loss and color in broilers stunned by high electrical current
"Eating Animals" is a riveting expose which presents the gut-wrenching truth about the price paid by the environment, the government, the Third World and the animals themselves in order to put meat on our tables more quickly and conveniently than ever before. Interweaving a variety of monologues and balancing humour and suspense with informed rationalism, "Eating Animals" is as much a novelistic account of an intellectual journey as it is a fresh and open look at the ethical debate around meat-eating. Unlike most other books on the subject, "Eating Animals" also explores the possibilities for those who do eat meat to do so more responsibly, making this an important book not just for vegetarians, but for anyone who is concerned about the ramifications and significance of their chosen lifestyle.
