http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16493 newspaper advertisements
newspaper advertisements magazine advertisements
Commercialisation of the regional press : the development of monopoly, profit and control
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '77
Translating promotional and advertising texts
Lonely hearts killers
Photographis 83 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 83
Contrastive study of personal advertisements in American and Finnish newspapers with special reference to meaning and explicitness of utterances
The proposal
Publication design workbook : a graphic designer's handbook for real-world guide to designing complex texts--newsletters, magazines, annual reports, and newspapers
Who's who in hell
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
Perfect match? : analysis of personal ads as a text type
Discourse, of course : an overview of research in discourse studies
The language of job advertisements in a Finnish newspaper
Bugfree coders and konsulttitrainee : on the use of English in job titles in Helsingin Sanomat
Finnish summary.
Lonely hearts
Lääkemainokset lääkäreiden ammattilehdissä = Läkemedelsreklam i facktidskrifter för läkare = Pharmaceutical advertising in professional journals for medical doctors
Photographis 84 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 84
Photographis 82 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 82
Pulse St. Petersburg : English ed
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '79
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '78
Adjectives in job advertisements in English in Helsingin Sanomat : a semantic analysis
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
The international annual of advertising = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbung = le répertoire international du la publicité
English in job ads : comparison between Finland and Spain
Photographis 81 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 81
On advertising English in classified motoring advertisements
Contemporary advertising
Representations of leaders in education and recruitment advertisements in The Economist
English job titles in Finnish recruitment advertisements
Superhero for hire : true stories from small ads
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '73
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '76
Ad critique : how to deconstruct ads in order to build better advertising
Comparative content analysis for the use of "strategic alliance" in announcements and journals
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '68
Generic features of runaway slave advertisements from eighteenth-century America
A murder is announced
Photographis 86 : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography. 86
Photographis : the international annual of advertising  photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire. '71
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '80
Successful, low-cost direct marketing methods : [a handbook of highly effective marketing and direct marketing methods]
English, German, Dutch, and Finnish contact-ads
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '74
Photographis : the international annual of advertising and editorial and television photography = das internationale Jahrbuch der Werbephotographie und der redekationellen Photographie = le répertoire international de la photographie publicitaire et rédactionelle. '72
