http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16490 organ sales
organ sales organ traffic
The grocers : rise and rise of supermarket chains
Virtue ethics, bioethics and the ownership of biological material
Wheat policy reform in Egypt : adjustment of local markets and options for future reforms
Ab Me Group Oy Ltd catering management managerial issues
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Proceedings of the International Conference Postharvest Unlimited : 11-14 June
The red market : on the trail of the world's organ brokers, bone thieves, blood farmers, and child traffickers
This paper examines the vertical price transmission of banana and orange prices in Finland using import and consumer price series from years 1998-2009. Considering the stationary behaviour of the price series, the dynamic relationship between import and consumer price is investigated by Autoregressive Distributed Lag (ADL) models and Error Correction Models (ECM). The results show that the vertical price transmission is symmetric both with banana and orange. However, the analysis concentrates on the speed of adjustment towards the equilibrium of prices. Due to linearity of the model it does not take into account the magnitude of the price change.
Dead tomorrow
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Fish Trade and Food Security : Casablanca, Morocco, 27-30 January 2003.
Health enhancing foods : opportunities for strengthening the sector in developing countries
Summary (s. 9-15).
Marketing in the food chain : conference proceedings. Part 2
Marketing of agricultural products
Industry transformation initiated by a technological innovation : case of UK grocery retailing
Functional foods as a strategic area for food manufacturers : a study on the manufacturer/retailer interface in the French food industry
Abstract: Import channels and distribution of industrial foodstuffs in Finland.
Commodity futures trading and international market stabilization
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Fish Trade : Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 3-5 December 2003.
Contested commodities : [the trouble with trade in sex, children, body parts, and other things]
Supermarkets and agri-food supply chains : transformations in the production and consumption of foods
Journal of food distribution research
Dangerous tastes : the story of spices
Understanding the Japanese food and agrimarket : a multifaceted opportunity
Global Markets for Processed Foods : Theoretical and Practical Issues
WTO rules for agriculture compatible with development
The Experiment
Espoo hitech & business
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
Dirty pretty things
World food marketing systems
Proceedings of the International Conference on Banana and Plantain in Africa : harnessing international partnerships to increase research impact ; Mombasa, Kenya, October 5 - 9, 2008 ; [Banana 2008]
Food economics : industry and markets
Ethical aspects of owning biological material
The food economy : global issues and challenges
Food engineering operations
Manifestos on the future of food & seed
Research on the "cost of non-Europe". Basic findings. Volume 12, Part A, The "Cost of Non-Europe" in the foodstuffs industry
"Markets are important forms of social and economic organization. They allow vast numbers of people, most of whom never meet, to cooperate together in a system of voluntary exchange... The noted philosopher Debra Satz takes a skeptical view of markets, pointing out that free markets are not always a force for good. The idea of free exchange of child labor, human organs, reproductive services, weapons, life saving medicines, and addictive drugs, strike many as toxic to human values. She asks: What considerations ought to guide the debates about such markets? ...Satz develops a broader and more nuanced view of markets whereby they not only allocate resources and incomes, but shape our culture, foster or thwart human development, and create and support structures of power--Provided by publisher.
Agro-food marketing
The fifth vial
Report of the thirteenth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 February 2012 = Rapport de la treizième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Hyderabad, Inde, 20-24 février 2012 = Informe de la decimotercera reunión del Subcomité de Comercio Pesquero, Hyderabad, India, 20-24 de febrero de 2012.
Responsible fish trade and food security
Organized crime : an inside guide to the world's most succesful industry
Supply chain considerations for electronic grocery shopping
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
The economics of coffee
Why some things should not be for sale : the moral limits of markets
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
Effects of exchange rate and trade policies on agriculture in Pakistan
Food security in the long term
Equivalence and mutual recognition in trade arrangements : relevance for the WTO and the Codex Alimentarius Commission
Global human trafficking : critical issues and contexts
The road half traveled : agricultural market reform in Sub-Saharan Africa
Valuation of economic benefits from the Finnish salmonella control program = An economic assessment of effects of the Finnish salmonella control program on trade
Report of the Eighth Session of the Subcommittee on Fish Trade : Bremen, Germany, 12-16 February 2002 = Rapport de la huitième session du Sous-comité du commerce du poisson : Brême, Allemagne, 12-16 février 2002 = Informe de la octava reunión del Subcomité sobre comercio pequero : Bremen, Alemania, 12-16 de febrero de 2002
Swaziland review 2001 : a review of industry, commerce and tourism
Agricultural review for Europe
Causes of detentions and rejections in international fish trade
Agriculture and agricultural policy in Japan : XXI IAAE Conference
Bloody harvest : the killing of Falun Gong for their organs
Proceedings of the IVth International Conference Postharvest Unlimited 2011 : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, May 22-26, 2011
A shocking tour through a macabre global underworld where organs, bones, and live people are bought and sold on the red market. Investigative journalist Scott Carney has spent five years tracing the lucrative and deeply secretive trade in human bodies and body parts. The Red Market reveals the rise, fall, and resurgence of this multibillion-dollar underground trade through history, from early medical study and modern universities to poverty-ravaged Eurasian villages and high-tech Western labs; from body snatchers and surrogate mothers to skeleton dealers and the poor who sell body parts to survive. While local and international law enforcement have cracked down on the market, advances in science have increased the demand for human tissue--ligaments, kidneys, even rented space in women's wombs--leaving little room to consider the ethical dilemmas inherent in the flesh-and-blood trade.--From publisher description.
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Eurofood
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Bodies for sale : ethics and exploitation in the human body trade
Enhancing participation in Codex activities : an FAO/WHO training package
Rice grain marketing and quality issues : selected papers from the International rice research conference, 27-31 August 1990, Seoul, Korea
Refashioning nature : food, ecology and culture
The role of post-harvest management in assuring the quality and safety of horticultural produce
Report of the twelfth session of the Sub-committee on Fish Trade, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010 = Rapport de la douzième session du Sous-comité du Commerce du Poisson, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 Avril 2010 = Informe de la duodécima reunión del Subcomité Sobre Comercio Pesquero, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 26-30 April 2010.
Danish business law
Moveable feasts : the incredible journeys of the things we eat
Commodity review and outlook
The WTO negotiations in the field of agriculture and food : strategic positions of the US and China
Waste : uncovering the global food scandal
Food supply in Java during war and decolonisation, 1940-1950
Food security and trade : a GTAP study of how agricultural trade protection affects food security in developing countries
Role of LDCs in international agricultural and food trade and the WTO negotiations
Worldwide regulations for mycotoxins in food and feed in 2003.
Stakes and kidneys : why markets in human body parts are morally imperative
Agricultural trade policy and food security in the Caribbean : structural issues, multilateral negotiations and competitiveness
FAO principles of surplus disposal and consultative obligations of member nations
Grocery revolution : the new focus on the consumer
Statistical compendium of basic food commodities
Commodifying bodies
Citrus juices : trends and prospects in world production and international trade
Food safety regulations applied to fish by major importing countries
New types of crime : proceedings of the International Seminar held in connection with HEUNI's thirtieth anniversary, Helsinki 20 October 2011
Vertical price transmission in the Finnish import fruit markets
Commodity market review
Market chains of non-high value cultured aquatic commodities : case studies from Asia
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
