http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16420 pine
pine
Height-diameter models for Scots pine and birch in Finland
Annual pattern of photosynthesis in Scots pine in the boreal zone
Nutritional status in pine forest in the Pechenganickel Company surroundings : Russian-norwegian cooperation report
Initial fertilisation, when the fertilizer is supplied during the plantation, is applied to improve the competitive ability of the seedlings and hence to increase their growth and productivity; however, fertilization could also alter wood properties and timber quality. In this study, the dimensions and tree-ring parameters - width, proportion of latewood, maximum and mean density, mean earlywood and latewood density - of initially fertilized (by 14, 6 and 11 g of N, P and K per seedling, respectively) Norway spruce (Picea abies Karst.) growing in an experimental plantation in Kalsnava, Latvia (temperate climate region) were assessed. The fertilization significantly increased the dimensions of trees in long-term (ca. 17% increase of stemwood volume). The analysis of tree-ring width suggested that the duration of the effect was ca. 15 years. The maximum and latewood density were higher for the fertilized trees only in a few years. The mean and earlywood density of tree-rings were mainly similar for both treatments. Altogether, considering the one-time application of a limited amount of fertilizer, such treatment had notable and lasting effect on Norway spruce..
Effects of liming on pine ectomycorrhiza
Progeny tests in a Pinus silvestris (L.) seed orchard in Finland
The relationships between yield components in the breeding of Scots pine
Carbon balance and component CO2 fluxes in boreal Scots pine stands
Diversity of Archaea in habitats created by pine mycorrhizospheres
Pines of silvicultural importance
The effects of abiotic and biotic factors on somatic embryogenesis and seedlings of Pinus sylvestris (L.)
Nematodes in forest tree nurseries in Finland = Suomen metsätaimitarhojen nematodeista
Establishment and height development of harvested and naturally regenerated Scots pine near the timberline in North-East Finnish Lapland
Climatic adaptation of seed maturity in Scots pine and Norway spruce populations
Long-term variation in Scots pine seed crop size and quality in northern Finland
Trees as a water transport system
Climate impact on 100-year foliage chronologies of Scots pine and Ponderosa pine in the northeast lowlands of Brandenburg, Germany
Acclimation and adaption as determinants of growth in Scots pine
Height distributions of Scots pine sapling stands affected by retained tree and edge stand competition
Developmentally regulated proteins in Pinus sylvestris roots and ectomycorrhiza
A bioelement budget of an old Scots pine forest in central Sweden
Overwintering and productivity of Scots pine in a changing climate
Impacts of different thinning regimes in the yield of uneven-structured Scots pine stands on drained peatland
Variation in needle nutrient concentrations in the crown of Scots pine on peatland
Pine mycorrhizospheres as variable habitats for bacterial communities
Effects of long-term CO2 and temperature elevation on gas exchange of Scots pine
Genetic transformation of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Effects of pruning and stand density on cone and pollen production in an experimental Pinus sylvestris seed orchard
Past pollen production reconstructed from needle production in Pinus sylvestris at the northern timberline : a tool for evaluating palaeoclimate reconstructions
Effects of long-term fertilisation on soil properties in Scots pine and Norway spruce stands
Foliar nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium concentrations of Scots pine in drained mires in Finland
Natural regeneration of Scots pine and Norway spruce close to the timberline in northern Finland
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Nitrogen assimilation in ectomycorrhizal fungi and mycorrhizal and non-mycorrhizal Scots pine seedlings
Long-term exposure of Scots pine seedlings to monochloroacetic and trichloroacetic acid : effects on the needles and growth
Market Signals from the Solid Wood Consumers to Timber Producers : Methods for Improving the Connections  Between Users and Producers of Radiata Pine in New Zealand
Chitosan treated wood and its effectiveness against soft rot
Cleaning methods in planted Scots pine stands in southern Finland : 4-year results on survival, growth and whipping damage of pines
Pines : drawings and descriptions of the genus Pinus
Embryonic lethals of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris
Variation in soil organic carbon and thickness of soil horizons within a boreal forest stand - effect of trees and implications for sampling
Relationship between Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Analysis of monoterpene variation in natural stands and plustrees of Pinus sylvestris in Finland
Summary.
High and dry: Consequences of drought exposure in Scots pine seedlings grown in authentic peat soil
Respiration in a forest soil 27 years after fertilization with different doses of urea
Records of rare aphyllophoroid fungi on Scots pine in northern Sweden
Comparison of protection methods of pine stacks against Tomicus piniperda
Germinability of Norway spruce and scots pine pollen exposed to open air
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Measurements of O3, CO2 and H2O fluxes over a Scots pine stand in eastern Finland by the micrometeorological eddy covariance method
The ozone transfer between atmosphere and vegetation : a study on Scots pine in the field
Modelling the effect of temperature on height increment of Scots pine at high latitudes
Effect of species composition on economic return in amixed stand of Norway spruce and Scots Pine
The effect of storage temperature, time and spore source on the germination of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini aeciospores in vitro
Circumferential variation in wood density in radiata pine
Nutrient retranslocation within pinus sylvestris
Effect of initial fertilization on 34-year increment and wood properties of Norway spruce in Latvia
Cambium dynamics of Pinus sylvestris and Betula spp. in the northern boreal forest in Finland
Studies on Scots pine seed orchards in Finland with special emphasis on the genetic composition of the seed
Growth response of boreal coniferous forest in northern Sweden after the addition of nitrogen as sewage sludge pellets
Soil hydrological properties and conditions, site preparation, and the long-term performance of planted Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) on upland forest sites in Finnish Lapland
Modelling the growth and properties of stem and wood of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) as related to silvicultural management with implications for sawing yield and properties of sawn pieces
A method for using random parameters in analyzing permanent sample plots
Seed orchards are the link between tree breeding and reforestation. This paper presents data on cone, seed and pollen production and seed quality gathered over 21 years in a Pinus sylvestris (L.) experimental seed orchard containing plots with 14 different combinations of stand density and targeted pruning height. The treatments' stand densities ranged from 267 to 4000 stems ha-1, and the target graft heights ranged from 2 to 6 meters. Pollen production began at the same orchard age for all studied combinations of stand density and target height but the level of pollen production per hectare increased more rapidly in treatments with higher stand densities. In treatments with dense spacing, cone and seed production initially increased more rapidly than in treatments with wider spacing, thereby providing an earlier return on investment and a shorter seed production lag time. However, the levels of cone and seed production in such treatments over the entire study period were not appreciably different to those achieved in treatments with wider spacing and higher target height. The treatments did not differ substantially with respect to seed quality. These results show that comparable levels of seed production can be obtained with different combinations of stand density and target height, giving seed orchard owners and managers a wide range of viable management options..
Timing and intensity of precommercial thinning and their effects on the first commercial thinning in Scots pine stands
Tree-limit and climate evolution at the southern extremity of the Swedish Scandes have been reconstructed for the entire Holocene and for the past century. The main objective was to test the reproducibility of a similar study further north in the Swedish Scandes. The long-term history relies mainly on radiocarbondated megafossil tree remains preserved in peat and mineral soil. The more recent perspective was analysed from age distributions in the most marginal, extant tree populations. Pinus sylvestris (pine) immigrated to the study region already during the Late-Glacial, 10,500 14C yr BP, when it grew in the summit areas of fi rst deglaciated mountains. The pine tree-limit peaked ca. 9200 14C yr BP, followed by a 345 m gradual descent (summer cooling + land uplift) until about a century ago. Presence of tree species assemblages without modern analogs at high elevations during the early-Holocene, Pinus sylvestris (dominant), Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa, Picea abies, Larix sibirica, Quercus robur and Corylus avellana, strengthens the view of a warm and dry summer climate, although with a different seasonal distribution of incoming radiant energy than today. The longterm natural trend of tree-limit retreat and summer cooling was anomalously broken about a century ago. During the 20th century, the pine tree-limit has shifted 140 m uphill, in congruence with instrumentally recorded summer warming by ca. 1 &ordm;C. In a perspective of the entire Holocene tree-limit chronology, the modern tree-limit rise (and climate warming) is anomalous for the past 4000-7000 years. Except for tree-limit rise, recent warming has contributed to changes in the alpine plant cover, e.g. vanishing snow-bed communities, expansion of deciduous dwarf-shrubs, graminoids, and invasion of exotic and thermophilic plant species. Overall, this study has reproduced processes and patterns previously reported further north in the Scandes.
Light sources with different spectra affect root and mycorrhiza formation in Scots pine in vitro
Studies on the shoot elongation in Scots pine : diurnal variations in relation to temperature
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
In this study, we developed models of transfer effects for growth and survival of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Sweden and Finland using a general linear mixed-model approach. For model development, we used 378 provenance and progeny trials with a total of 276 unimproved genetic entries (provenances and stand seed check-lots) distributed over a wide variety of climatic conditions in both countries. In addition, we used 119 progeny trials with 3921 selected genetic entries (open- and control pollinated plus-tree families) for testing model performance. As explanatory variables, both climatic indices derived from high-resolution gridded climate datasets and geographical variables were used. For transfer, latitude (photoperiod) and, for describing the site, temperature sum were found to be main drivers for both survival and growth. In addition, interaction terms (between transfer in latitude and site altitude for survival, and transfer in latitude and temperature sum for growth) entail changed reaction patterns of the models depending on climatic conditions of the growing site. The new models behave in a way that corresponds well to previous studies and recommendations for both countries. The model performance was tested using selected plus-trees from open and control pollinated progeny tests. Results imply that the models are valid for both countries and perform well also for genetically improved material. These models are the first step in developing common deployment recommendations for genetically improved forest regeneration material in both Sweden and Finland..
Old and fresh Gremmeniella abietina damage on Scots pine in eastern Lapland in 1992.
Intra-specific variation in cell wall constituents of needle age classes of Pinus sylvestris in relation to soil fertility status in Southwest England
Photosynthetic production of Scots pine in the natural environment
Timing of fungicide control of Gremmeniella abietina on Scots pine seedlings
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
The physical basis of mycotrophy in Pinus
Studies on the microfungi in the forest floor of subarctic pine forests
Microsatellite sequences in a conifer Pinus sylvestris
Tree-ring chronologies are commonly extended back in time by combining samples from living trees with relict material preserved in man-made structures or natural archives (e.g. lakes). Although spatially close, these natural archives and living-tree-sites often comprise different micro-climates. Inhomogeneous growth conditions among these habitats, which may yield offsets in growth-rates, require caution in data processing. Here we assess species-specific growth dynamics in two micro-habitats and their potential effects on long chronologies by combining tree-ring data from different living-tree-sites with an “artificial” subfossil dataset. Well replicated (n > 80) Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) chronologies from northern Fennoscandia, sampled directly at the lakeshore (wet) and several meters beyond the lakeshore (dry) reveal high coherence of the variance between micro-sites (rspruce = 0.59, rpine = 0.68). Significant differences of the Regional Curves (RC) indicate faster growth of both species at the drier site though. Growth differences are more pronounced between the spruce micro-sites. The combination of recent dry and wet spruce data with artificial relict data results in two long chronologies covering the last 800 years with substantially different trends, although they consist of the same relict material and the micro-site chronologies correlate significantly over the past two centuries. The combination of spruce samples from dry inland micro-sites with subfossil samples originating from the wet lake shore can result in an underestimation of past temperatures prior to the 19th century. Such effects, hidden in the composition of long chronologies (living trees + subfossil samples) can bias long-term trends in climate reconstructions..
Rooting of Scots pine needle fascicles with different growth substances and media
Procedure for managing large-scale progeny test data : a case study of Scots pine in Finland
A dynamic whole-stand growth model, derived from allometric relationships
Changes in wood production of Picea abies and Pinus sylvestris under a warmer climate: comparison of field measurements and results of a mathematical model
Genetic variability of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) provenances in Spain: growth traits and survival
Dynamics of monoterpene emissions in Pinus sylvestris during early spring
Mobilization of plant nutrients in a Scots pine forest mor in central Sweden
Seasonal fluctuations in the nitrogen assimilation of scots pine
Nuclear DNA content of Pinus sylvestris as determined by laser flow cytometry
Carbon Dioxide Exchange of Scots Pine Shoots as Estimated by a Biochemical Model and Cuvette Field Measurements
Effects of forest management on sustainability of integrated timber and energy wood production : scenario analysis based on ecosystem model simulations
Effects of gibberellins GA4 and GA7 on flowering in Scots pine grafts
Estimating canopy cover in Scots pine stands
Energy wood thinning as a part of the stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Within-plot subsampling of trees for assessment in progeny trials of Scots pine
Scots pine transfer effect models for growth and survival in Sweden and Finland
Irrigation and twig-covering experiments in Scots pine forests
Site characteristics of Scots pine stands infected by Gremmeniella abietina in central Finland. I: Mineral soil sites
Nested PCR detection of Archaea in defines compartments of pine mycorrhizospheres developed in boreal forest humus microcosms
The estimation of proportional mean needle mass of pine forests through angle counts
Variation in the results of Norway spruce planting and Scots pine direct seeding in privately-owned forests in southern Finland
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Effects of clone and fertilization on the seed and foliar chemical composition of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) grafts
Variability of morphological and nutritional quality attributes of bareroot Scots pine seedlings in nurseries
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
A growth model for a biological population, applied to a stand of pine
Seasonal changes in concentrations of free and bound arginine in context to growth disturbances in Scots pine
Water balance of a boreal Scots pine forest
Effect of different potassium sources on the seasonal variation of potassium and free polyamines in scots pine needles
The effect of supply system on the wood paying capability of a kraft pulp mill using Scots pine harvested from first thinnings
Effects of copper and nickel subarctic scots pine needles
Crown envelope shape measurements and models
Pine wilt disease
Variation of boron concentration in pine needles from trees growing on mineral soil in Sweden and response to nitrogen fertilization
Clonal variation in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) and in transgenic silver birch (Betula pendula)
Seedling establishment after prescribed burning of a Clear-Cut and Partially Cut mesic boreal forest in Southern Finland
The effect of seedling, site, and silviculture factors on vole damage to seedling stands in Päijät-Häme, Finland, during winter 2008/09
A severe frost event in the winter of 1986/1987 that resulted in widespread defoliation in northern Finland was used to test the influence of such growth disturbances on tree ring parameters commonly used for palaeoclimate reconstruction. In mature pine trees there was no effect on ring widths, latewood densities or on stable carbon isotope ratios. In young trees, however, the effect was immediate and prolonged, with a measurable increase in water stress for two years and a suppression of ring widths lasting for 6 to 7 years. There was no effect on latewood density. Where pine tree ring chronologies are used to reconstruct summer temperatures, the common practice of ignoring the juvenile years should ensure that severe frost events do not bias the reconstructions. However, extreme events may be important for understanding changes in forest dynamics, and changes in the magnitude, and frequency of such events may be important signals of human impact. The sensitivity of young pines makes them a potential archive for reconstructing past changes in growth disturbance events such as severe ground frosts.
Testing of frost hardiness models for Pinus sylvestris in natural conditions and in elevated temperature
Climate change and the risks of Neodiprion sertifer outbreaks on Scots pine
The effect of severe ground frost on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) trees in northern Finland and implications for palaeoclimate reconstruction
Biomass distribution in a young Scots pine stand
An assessment of different fertilization regimes in three boreal coniferous stands
Chromosome aberrations in stored seeds of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies and the consequences on plant properties
Retention forestry and intensified biomass harvest : epiphytic lichen assemblages under opposing ecological effects in pine-dominated boreal forests
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Characteristics of eastern white pine and red pine : provenance experiments with Douglas fir
Elongation of Scots pine seedlings under blue light depletion
Coarse root architecture of three boreal tree species growing in mixed stands
Structure and winter hardening status of Scots pine needles at different K availabilities
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
Injury to pines in the vicinity of a chemical processing plant in northern Finland = Männyn vaurioita erään Pohjois-Suomen kemiallisen tehtaan läheisyydessä
Forest regeneration on nutrient-poor peatlands: effects of fertilization, mounding and sowing
Pollen - pollen interactions in Pinus sylvestris
Stand characteristics and external quality of young Scots pine stands in Finland
Evolutionary forces influencing variation among populations of Pinus sylvestris
Should the frequency of drought increase in boreal forests due to climate change, seedlings planted in prepared peat mounds could become more susceptible to soil desiccation. The resistance of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) seedlings to drought will thus be a key factor in the regeneration success of pine-dominated, forestry-drained peatlands. In this study, we evaluated the physiological, metabolic, and morphologi¬cal responses of year-old seedlings gradually exposed to extreme drought in highly decomposed Sphagnum-Carex peat blocks. Drought clearly suppressed root and shoot growth as well as fractional colonization of ectomycorrhizal fungi. Sustained declines in photochemical efficiency (Fv/Fm) of previous-year and current-year needles did not occur until the volumetric soil water content had dropped to 30% and 10%, respectively. Polyamine analysis revealed that new needles are preferred in protecting the different parts of the seedlings against drought stress. Despite growth losses, the maintenance of rather high photochemical efficiency in current-year needles under severe water stress would appear to indicate a potential for seedling recovery if water availability in the peat improved. Given the high tolerance exhibited by Scots pine seedlings, death by drought seems a lesser concern.
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Nutrient release from heaps of logging residues in a thinned Scots pine stand
Allocation of above-ground growth in Pinus sylvestris - impacts of tree size and competition
Nutrient retranslocation within Pinus sylvestris
Decline of young Scots pines in a dry heath forest
Age-dependent climate sensitivity of Pinus sylvestris L. in the central Scandinavian mountains
Influence of solar UV radiation on the nitrogen metabolism in needles of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
One and two-year-old Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L) seedlings from various origins : The effect of various growing conditions on winter hardening
Optimizing thinnings and rotation of Scots pine and Norway spruce mixtures
Architecture of Scots pine crown : phytometrical characteristics of needles and shoots
Developing a Scots pine breeding objective : a case study involving a Swedish sawmill
Effect of fertilization on flowering and seed crop in Scots pine seed orchards
Fill-in seedlings in constituting the stocking of Scots pine stands in northern Finland
Peat ash as a fertilizer on drained mires : effects on the growth and nutritional status of Scots pine
Summary: Enlarging the seed utilization areas toward to north by selective harvesting of Scots pine seed orchards.
On the hidden significance of differing micro-sites on tree-ring based climate reconstructions
Needle chronologies on Pinus sylvestris in northern Estonia and southern Finland
UV-induced NOy emissions in gas-exchange chambers enclosing Scots pine shoots : an analysis on their origin and significance
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Growth and yield tables are constrained by a standard production regime and the stand-level dynamic models are an attractive alternative for the even-aged monospecific stands. The objective of this study is to derive a parsimonious and biologically sound whole-stand dynamic growth model and to validate its consistency and relevance for prediction of stand growth and yield. The state-space modelling approach was employed, introducing several novelties in comparison with its current usage. The model consists of a three-dimensional state vector, defined by dominant stand height, number of trees per hectare and mean stem volume, and three transition functions. A site index model was incorporated for height growth projection and transition functions for stand density and mean stem volume with respect to dominant height increase were derived from simple allometries and biological rationale. The model was examined with data from 79 permanent sample plots in Scots pine plantations. Nonlinear Seemingly Unrelated Regression was used to account for cross-equation correlations, and the Base-Height-Invariant dummy variable method was employed to estimate dynamic-form equations. Model consistency was validated in terms of accuracy of predictions and applicability to both thinned and unthinned stands. The new dynamic growth model is a parsimonious biometric whole-stand model that simulates the expected stand development for a broad spectrum of potential management alternatives and can be incorporated in a computer program for further use. It may be especially useful for application when a scarcity of longitudinal data prevents the use of more complicated modelling approaches..
Impact of sawfly defoliation on growth of Scots pine Pinus sylvestris (Pinaceae) and associated economic losses
Relation between growth cessation and frost hardening in Scots pine of different origins
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
Seasonal variations in the ribosome assemblies and in vitro translations in the buds of Scots pine
Improving the properties of solid scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) wood by using modification technology and agents
Height growth of trees is a crucial parameter that influences the composition and productivity of forest stands and quality of timber; however, the relationships between annual height increment (HI) and climatic factors have been poorly studied. In this study, the effect of monthly mean temperature and precipitation sums on the HI of Scots pine in two sites in Latvia have been determined using dendrochronological techniques. Correlation and response function analyses were conducted for entire chronologies of HI and for 50-year intervals within them. Climatic factors significantly affected the HI of Scots pine; however, not only did the suite of significant factors differ between the sites, but the influence of these factors changed during the 20th century. In the site in western Latvia where climate is milder, temperature in the preceding summer was the main climatic determinant of HI. The effect of temperature in the dormant period and spring was significant during the first part of the 20th century, while the effect of temperature in the previous September and November has become significant since the second half of the 20th century. In the site in eastern Latvia where summers are hotter, HI has been affected by both temperature and water deficit related factors in the summer. However, since the later part of the 20th century, the effect of temperature in the previous October has intensified and become the main climatic determinant of HI.
Abstract.
Reproductive adaptation and mating system in Pinus sylvestris L. : some observations on population structure and breeding strategies
Ips acuminatus kills pines in southern Finland
Comparing regression estimation techniques when predicting diameter distributions of Scots pine on drained peatlands
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
Open-top chamber fumigation system for exposure of field grown Pinus sylvestris to elevated carbon dioxide and ozone concentration
First-year results on the effects of elevated atmospheric CO2 and O3 concentrations on needle ultrastructure and gas exchange responses of Scots pine saplings
Genetic variability of Scots pine maternal populations and thei progenies
Predicting the growth response to thinning for Scots pine stands using individual-tree growth models
Stem straightness and compression wood in a 22-year-old stand of container-grown Scots pine trees
Shoot growth and flower development in tropical pines : studies on genetic and environmental variation
Heritability studies in open-pollinated Pinus sylvestris populations in Estonia
Predicting basal area of Scots pine branches
Nature and rational use of Pretundra pine forests in the European part of the USSR
Studies on the mechanism of wind-induced damage of Scots pine
Investigations on the flowering and seed crop of Pinus silvestris
Species richness and structure variations of Scots pine forest communities during the period from 5 to 210 years after fire
Spatial growth model for Scots pine on drained peatland
Dependence of light interception efficiency of Scots pine shoots on structural parameters
Competition indices and the prediction of radial growth in Scots pine
The knottles
Patterns of dry matter partitioning and 14C-photosynthate allocation in 1.5-year-old Scots pine seedlings
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Growth pattern and cytoskeleton in Suillus bovinus hyphae, Pinus sylvestris roots, and in Pinus sylvestris - Suillus bovinus ectomycorrhiza
Identification of cytoskeletal components in pine ectomycorrhizas
On variation, inheritance and chemical interrelationship of monoterpenes in Scots pine [Pinus silvestris L.]
The quality and value of sawn goods from plantation-grown scots pine
Prediction models for the annual seed crop of Norway spruce and Scots pine in Finland
Modelling the factors predisposing Scots pine to moose damage in artificially regenerated sapling stands in Finnish Lapland
Performance of pine sawflies under elevated tropospheric ozone
The pine bark bug, Aradus cinnamomeus (Heteroptera, Aradidae) and the height growth rate of young Scots pines
The effect of climatic factors on height increment of Scots pine in sites differing by continentality in Latvia
Photosynthetic production and resource use efficiency of Scots pine : an analysis along environmental gradients
Impacts of forest harvesting related soil disturbance on end-of-rotation wood quality and quantity in a New Zealand radiata pine forest
Needle trace method (NTM) for retrospective needle retention studies on scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Tree-limit landscape evolution at the southern fringe of the Swedish Scandes (Dalarna province) - Holocene and 20th century perspectives
Diseases of Scots pine in Finland
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Distance-dependent models for predicting the development of mixed coniferous forests in Finland
Complete tree utilization of southern pine : proceedings of a Symposium, New Orleans, Louisiana April, 1978
Investigations into pine tree grading methods and their accuracy.
Impacts of climate change and forest management on monoterpene emission and needle secondary compounds of boreal Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Climatic signals extracted from ring-width chronologies of Scots pines from the northern, middle and southern parts of the boreal forest belt in Finland
Effects of living crown reduction on needle element status of Scots pine
Models for growth of pine stands in territories of northern Eurasia
On repeated browsing of Scots pine saplings by moose (Alces alces)
Common growth signal and spatial synchrony of the chronologies of tree-rings from pines in the Baltic Sea region over the last nine centuries
Weed control trials with fibre mulch, glyphosate and terbuthylazine in Scots pine plantations
Diversity of microsatellite markers in the populations of Picea asperata originating from the mountains of China
Postfire recovery of forest litter in Scots pine forests in two different regions of boreal zone
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Gremmeniella abietina produces pycnidia in cankers of living shoots with green needles on Scots pine
The Northern limit of pine forest in Finland during the Weichselian interstadials
