http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16441 music researchers
music researchers
Memoirs of Dr. Charles Burney, 1726-1769
The musical realism of Leos̆ Janác̆ek : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Perfect pitch : a life story
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
Pioneers of ethnomusicology
Letters on ancient and modern music : to Vincenzo Galilei and Giovanni Bardi
The music theory of Harald Vallerius : three dissertations from 17th-century Sweden
The music practitioner : research for the music performer, teacher and listener
Georg Lukács : theory, culture, and politics
Hornbostel opera omnia. Bibliographien : Bibliographies
Construction of freedom and other writings
Music, culture, & experience : selected papers of John Blacking
Music and the mind : essays in honour of John Sloboda
The musical realism of Leoš Janáček : from speech melodies to a theory of composition
Western musicologist on Hindustani music
Muualla, täällä : kirjoituksia elämästä, kulttuurista, musiikista : juhlakirja Erkki Salmenhaaralle = festschrift for Erkki Salmenhaara on occasion of his 60th birthday
A sounding of signs : modalities and moments in music, culture, and philosophy : essays in honor of Eero Tarasti on his 60th anniversary
The problem of the modern and tradition : early Soviet musical culture and the musicological theory of Boris Asafiev (1884–1949)
The present study discusses the Czech composer Leoš Janáček (1854-1928) as a music theorist. The general aim of the study is to examine the composer's aesthetics and compositional style in the light of his theoretical writings. These writings consist of versatile articles and autographs (including also drafts for lectures) on the theory of music (harmony, rhythm, theory of composition), folk music, acoustics, psychology, linguistics, and the so-called speech melodies.
On the life and contributions of seventy one musicologists from India; covers the period 1947-2006.
Musica viva! : Matti Vainion juhlakirja : Festschrift for Matti Vainio
Glimpses on Indian musicology
Ernst Kurth as theorist and analyst
Professor Percival Robson Kirby, M.A., D.Litt., F.R.C.M., head of the Department of Music, University of the Witwatersrand, 1921-1954 : a bibliography of his works
Abstract: The influence of Ilmari Krohn upon Hungarian Ethnomusicology.
The great Dr. Burney : his life, his travels, his works, his family and his friends
Studies of music performance : papers given at a seminar organized by the Music Acoustics Committee of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music
Folklorist, archivist, anthropologist, singer, political activist, talent scout, ethnomusicologist, filmmaker, concert and record producer, Alan Lomax is best remembered as the man who introduced folk music to the masses. Lomax began his career making field recordings of rural music for the Library of Congress and by the late 1930s brought his discoveries to radio, including Woody Guthrie, Pete Seeger, and Burl Ives. By the 1940s he was producing concerts that brought white and black performers together, and in the 1950s he set out to record the whole world. Lomax was also controversial. When he worked for the government he was tracked by the FBI, and when he worked in Britain, MI5 continued the surveillance. In his last years he turned to digital media and developed technologies that anticipated today's breakthroughs. Featuring a cast of characters from Eleanor Roosevelt to Lead Belly, Carl Sagan to Bob Dylan, Szwed's biography provides an account of an era seen through the life of one extraordinary man.
Muusikakasvatus eile, täna, homme : II rahvusvaheline kraadiõppe üliõpilaste teaduskonverents : 24.04.2008, [Tallinn] : teeside kogumik = Music education yesterday, today, tomorrow : 2nd International Scientific Conference for MA and PhD students : 24.04.2008, [Tallinn] : abstract-book
Encounters in ethnomusicology : a memoir
The man who recorded the world : a biography of Alan Lomax
The Oxford handbook of applied ethnomusicology
The Hungarian social philosopher and literary critic Georg Lukács (1885-1971) is one of the seminal intellectual figures of the twentieth century. With the possible exception of Leon Trotsky, he is also widely recognized as the outstanding Marxist thinker aside from Marx himself. Yet, as Lewis Coser has observed, Lukács has remained the most enigmatic figure of the modern communist movement. Why were his theories so important to modern political and social thought? How did he come to have such influence on so many distinguished Western Intellectuals, and for such a long time? And why, despite this, did so many of his writings infuriate contemporary readers and critics? The centenary of Lukács birth was celebrated in 1985 with symposia in a number of countries on several continents. Hundreds of Lukács scholars and students attended, along with others who were interested in his time and his ideas, as well as the man and his work. In the process, new understanding of some of his most controversial concepts, ideas, and theses emerged. Newly discovered information and writings, as well as previously unknown preocupations in his seventy-year intellectual career were shared. This volume brings together some of the best and most original of the essays of participants in New York, Paris, Budapest, and Mexico City. Some of the contributions in this volume are sharply critical of Lukács; others are clearly admiring. A great many take an objective but severe look at diverse aspects of his work. Together they constitute a close examination of the life work of the man Thomas Mann once called "The most important literary critic of today," Jean-Paul Sartre hailed as a significant modern philosopher," and Irving Howe declared "a major force in European intellectual life." Collectively, this volume shows why Georg Lukács remains one of the remarkable intellectual figures of the twentieth century, whose work is of enduring significance for us today.
The world of Mykola Lysenko : ethnic identity, music, and politics in nineteenth and early twentieth century Ukraine
