http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16485 pupils
pupils
Mars. Volume 13 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Nora Wong]
Mars. Volume 7 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 6
Mayo Chiki : Omnibus collection. 1-3
Ceres. Vol. 1 : Aya / [English adaptation/Gary Leach]  ; [translation/Lillian Olsen] : celestial legend
Attack on titan : Junior high. 4
UNESCO Philosophy day in Finland - November 18th 2010 : The Finnish qualification competition of International philosophy olympiad
Identifying first graders at risk of reading and writing difficulties  : creating a group-based screening tool in Kiswahili in Tanzania
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 10
School judgment : Gakkyu hotei. 1, The Suzuki murder and dismemberment case
The drifting classroom. vol. 6
Mars. Volume 5 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Mars. Volume 15 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Nora Wong]
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 9
Pupil welfare in Finnish schools : communal or falling apart?
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 4
Why do we have to go to school? : school poems
The drifting classroom. vol. 3
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Oddly Normal. Book 1
Contemporary educational psychology : some models applied to the school setting
Lexical inferencing in reading in English on the secondary level
Attack on titan : Junior high. 3
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 7
Chicimire ankha = The eyes of a dragonfly : (four eyes can see four times more!)
Vampire knight. Vol. 8
Vampire knight. Vol. 6
The drifting classroom. vol. 7
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
The crossover
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 3
Attack on titan : Junior high. 2
Self-esteem : a classroom affair. Volume 2, More ways to help children like themselves
This is where it ends
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 6
Vampire knight. Vol. 1
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Bring it on!. vol. 4
What is it that makes some children bully and some become victims? What can you do if despite your best efforts, a child keeps on taunting another? What steps can you take before communicating with parents and what will you say? The practice of bullying endures in all schools today. Despite the implementation of bullying policies, parents and staff can be equally perplexed: not really understanding what they have or haven't done to allow it to happen. Christine Macintyre explores this highly emotive topic, asking why as many as one in 12 school children are bullying victims, and will show in a highly practical way, what can be done to support the children and help staff improve their own practice. This book will provide help and guidance on: enhancing the self-esteem of the affected children, showing how new-found confidence will enable children to offset the effects of being bullied or indeed being a bully; how to tell parents their child is bullying or being bullied, and how to build up a meaningful and mutually supportive relationship with them; and, creating a learning environment that prevents the desire for children to bully. Based on case studies giving first hand accounts of real-life situations, and evaluations of strategies that have been tried and tested, this book suggests fresh and inspiring ways of tackling a problem faced by many practitioners today.
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 1
Ghost boy : the miraculous escape of a misdiagnosed boy trapped inside his own body
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 11
Microbial exposure and health in schools : effects of moisture damage and renovation
Mars. Volume 8 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Vampire knight. Vol. 7
Bioenergy knowledge, perceptions, and attitudes among young citizens : from cross-national surveys to conceptual model
Vampire knight. Vol. 4
Communication disorders in the classroom
Mental maps of Danish schoolchildren
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
Sideways stories from Wayside School
Future ratboy and the invasion of the Nom Noms
Vampire knight. Vol. 2
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
Current state of research on mathematical beliefs XVIII : proceedings of the MAVI-18 Conference, September 12-15, 2012
Mars. Volume 12 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Nora Wong]
Kare kano. volume 4 / [translator Amy Forsyth] ; [English adaptation Darcy Lockman] : his and her circumstances
The Usborne book of school jokes
Kare kano. Volume 7 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [English adaptation Darcy Lockman] : his and her circumstances
Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder : a multidisciplinary approach
Peer groups and children's development
Kare kano. Volume 11 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [additional translation Chrissy Schilling] : his and her circumstances
The school of wellbeing : 12 extraordinary projects promoting children and young people's mental health and happiness
Blue bottle mystery : an Asperger mystery
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
Friendship games
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 8
Mars. Volume 1 / [translator: Shirley Kubo]
The development of successive bilingualism in school-age children
Α motor creativity intervention in the Greek early childhood education settings: effects on beliefs about health
Kare kano. Volume 9 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [English adaptation Darcy Lockman] : his and her circumstances
Mars. Volume 11 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Ricky Ricotta's mighty robot vs. the uranium unicorns from Uranus
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
Mars. Volume 9 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Vampire knight. Vol. 5
The drifting classroom. vol. 1
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 7
After-school hours : a risk being alone?
Mars : horse with no name. Vol. 1 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; by Fuyumi Soryo
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 9
New friend old friends
Relations between teacher-child interactions and children's learning and motivation in Finnish kindergartens
The drifting classroom. vol. 2
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 5
Bleach. Vol. 65 : Marching out the zombies
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Physical Sexual Harassment as Experienced by Children at School:in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
The it girl
Children with special needs in the infants' school
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 10
The drifting classroom. vol. 5
School shootings and student performance
Difficult features of English segmental pronunciation for Finns and related exercises in the third grade workbooks
The drifting classroom. vol. 9
Kare kano. Volume 13 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [additional translation Chrissy Schilling] : his and her circumstances
Assessing and evaluating preschoolers' socio-emotional skills
How to ensure ethicality of action research in the classroom?
Best ever classroom jokes
Vampire knight. Vol. 12
Bring it on!. vol. 3
Writing and reading in the classroom
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 1, The night of the nasty nostril nuggets
Poop Fountain!
Predicting writing skill development with word recognition and preschool readiness skills
Pencil grip : a descriptive model and four empirical studies
Children's understanding of disability
The balancing act of teaching : a comparison between EFL teachers' views and a textbook analysis of the role of perceptual learning styles in Finnish 3rd grade EFL textbooks
The occurrence of voices in third graders' beliefs about the ease and difficulty of foreign languages
Kare kano. Volume 14 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] : his and her circumstances
Alice-Miranda at camp
My little monster. 10
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 4
A spin-off series to the number one bestseller in Japan. Eren and Mikasa enter a new school-- Titan Junior High! However, Eren's hated Titans for years-- can he get along with his new (harmless?) classmates? Featuring all of the characters from the main series as you've never seen them before
Flora the frog
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Pragmatic competence in the English of Finnish upper secondary school students
Bring it on!. vol. 1
Mars. Volume 14 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Nora Wong]
Geometry by tiling? : Geometric thinking based on van Hiele's theory and a Tiling project of tessellations in basic education.
The rottenest angel
The year of Billy Miller
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 2
Pita-ten. Volume 7 / [translation: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Attack on titan : Junior high. 1
Kare kano. Volume 8 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [English adaptation Darcy Lockman] : his and her circumstances
A girl's guide to the English public Schoolboy
Clamp school detectives. volume 1
Captain Underpants and the preposterous plight of the purple potty people : the eighth epic novel
Physical sexual harassment as experienced by children at school in Northern Finland and Northwest Russia
Don't tell the bridesmaid
The drifting classroom. vol. 10
Kare kano. Volume 17 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] : his and her circumstances
Education and mental disorders : a 31-year follow-up in the Northern Finland 1966 birth cohort
The shark In the pool
School predictors of psychosis : what we know and what can be done at school?
Mental health and achievement : increasing potential and reducing school dropout
Self-esteem : a classroom affair. Volume 1, 101 ways to help children like themselves
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 11
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 5
Captain Underpants and the big, bad battle of the Bionic Booger Boy. Part 2, The revenge of the ridiculous robo-boogers
Captain Underpants and the attack of the talking toilets
Kare kano. Volume 10 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [English adaptation Darcy Lockman] : his and her circumstances
Understanding English word formation : a study among 6th-grade pupils in Finnish comprehensive school
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Mars. Volume 10 / [translator: Shirley Kubo] ; [English adaptation: Elizabeth Hurchalla]
Vampire knight. Vol. 9
Vampire knight. Vol. 11
Summer camp at Trebizon
The gentlemen's alliance cross. Vol. 8
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Oddly Normal. Book 2
The challenges of health education : Finnish students' perceptions of how to cherish health
Haganai : I don't have many friends. Volume 3
Kare kano. Volume 12 / [translator Michelle Kobayashi] ; [additional translation Chrissy Schilling] : his and her circumstances
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
The drifting classroom. vol. 11
Vampire knight. Vol. 3
The peer status of sixth and seventh grade children
Every other day
Bring it on!. Vol. 5
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Pterodactyls and old lace : museums in education
Vampire knight. Vol. 10
The drifting classroom. vol. 4
Student engagement in two Singaporean secondary schools
Also known as
School, culture and well-being : ArctiChildren research and development findings from northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and north-west Russia
2nd and 3rd graders' attitudes towards the English language : attitudes before and after studying English at school
The drifting classroom. vol. 8
Captain Underpants and the wrath of the wicked wedgie woman
The Usborne book of classroom jokes
Learning and the educational process : selected papers from the Research Conference on Learning and the Educational Process held at Stanford University June 22-July 31, 1964
Readings in educational psychology
Future Ratboy and the attack of the killer robot grannies
Yes! No. (Maybe...)
