http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16436 family relations
family relations
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Getting back out there : secrets to successful dating and finding true love after the big breakup
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
Family business dynamics
The shade of the moon
Effects of family configuration on cognitive functions and health across the adult life span
The lowland
Silent garden : raising your deaf child
Silence is goldfish
Setting limits with your strong-willed teen : eliminating conflict by establishing clear, firm, and respectful boundaries
The beautiful truth
Look at me
Aging in early industrial society : work, family, and social policy in nineteenth-century England
Penny Leighton, TV Producer and wife of the local vicar Simon Canter, is struggling to cope with motherhood. The couple have had their only child Jenna, while Penny is in her forties and it's been a big shock to her system. When Simon engages the services of a nanny, Ella, as a way of helping Penny, it only serves to push her further away from him and from Jenna. After Penny's sister arrives in the village after the death of the woman Penny called her mother, it bring memories of her troubled childhood to the surface. As a distraction, she finds herself drawn to the village's new Doctor, but he isn't quite the charmer than he seems, as new arrival, Ella, is about to find out. But will all this be too late for Penny, who is about to risk everything?
Fertility rate decline in Japan from the perspective of gender inequality and social problems of modern Japanese family
The factory girls
Clover Quinn was a surprise. She used to imagine she was the good kind, now she's not sure. She'd like to ask Dad about it, but growing up in the saddest chapter of someone else's story is difficult. She tries not to skate on the thin ice of his memories. Dad rarely mentions her mother, but the second bedroom is still full of her belongings. This summer, while Dad drives the number 300 bus back and forth to Liverpool, Clover will unpack her mother's things and curate an exhibition - it's her turn to surprise him.
Snowed in for Christmas
Ice lolly
The carriage house : a novel
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Asperger syndrome and long-term relationships
The art of racing in the rain : a novel
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
You don't have to be good
Love and parenthood in an intercultural family
The family business on the couch : a psychodynamic-systems perspective
Landline : a novel
Not my father's son : a memoir
Children and the changing family : between transformation and negotiation
The challenge faced by family businesses and their stakeholders, is to recognise the issues that they face, understand how to develop strategies to address them and more importantly, to create narratives, or family stories that explain the emotional dimension of the issues to the family. The most intractable family business issues are not the business problems the organisation faces, but the emotional issues that compound them. Applying psychodynamic concepts will help to explain behaviour and will enable the family to prepare for life cycle transitions and other issues that may arise. Here is a new understanding and a broader perspective on the human dynamics of family firms with two complementary frameworks, psychodynamic and family systematic, to help make sense of family run organisations. Although this book includes a conceptual section, it is first and foremost a practical book about the real world issues faced by business families. The book begins by demonstrating that many years of achievement through generations can be destroyed by the next, if the family fails to address the psychological issues they face. By exploring cases from famous and less well known family businesses across the world, the authors discuss entrepreneurs, the entrepreneurial family and the lifecycles of the individual and the organisation. They go on to show how companies going through change and transition can avoid the pitfalls that endanger both family and company. The authors then apply tools that will help family businesses in transition and offer their analyses and conclusions. Readers should draw their own conclusions from careful examination of the cases, identifying the problems or dilemmas faced and the options for improved business performance and family relationships. They should ask what they might have done in the given situation and what new insight into individual or family behaviour each case offers. The goal is to avoid a bitter ending.
The best advice I ever got on parenting : incredible insights from well-known moms and dads
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
Secrets of the tides
One step closer to you
More people to love me
Merciless gods
The prodigal mage
Miracle on I-40
The last anniversary
Burnout and self-reported health among finnish physicians
The song collector
The brothers
Campari for breakfast
The essential guide to... children & separation : surviving divorce & family break-up
The man who loved children
The distance between us
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
The man who disappeared
This heartwarming women's fiction series from beloved New York Times bestselling author Mary Alice Monroe centers on Marietta Colson Muir, a dowager of Charleston society who has retired to her historic summer home on Sullivan's Island called Conquest, and her three granddaughters Carson, Eudora, and Harper. It's summer once again on idyllic Sullivan's Island, but Eudora, or Dora as she's affectionately called by her family, is feeling anything but perfect. With a perpetually withdrawn son and an impending divorce, the pressure is just too much to handle, and Dora cracks, suffering what the doctors are calling 'Broken Heart' syndrome. Mamaw, Lucille, Harper, and Carson all rally around Dora to support her and nurse her back to health--however, it seems Dora isn't the only one falling apart this summer. Between Lucille's health scare and an unexpected surprise that has Carson reconsidering her life's direction, it looks like all the women of Sullivan's Island could use some TLC. When Sullivan's is hit with a tropical storm, it will be up to the three sisters to band together and weather the tempest together--both the one outside their windows, and the raging sea of emotions within each one of them.
The fallback plan
Jane Austen : her life, her times, her novels
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
The ninth life of Louis Drax
Strane boy
Confronting a victim of intimate partner violence in nursing care : a literature review
The lowland : a novel
The acquisition of early reading skills : the influence of the home environment in Lusaka, Zambia
Abstract: Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland.
Swing time
A suitable boy : a novel
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of adulthood and aging
The virgin suicides
The summer's end
This exceptional collection draws on the most recent demographic data and combines classic research with cutting-edge approaches to provide an invaluable overview of the developmental psychology of the adult years. Covers a wide range of topics within adult development and aging, from theoretical perspectives to specific content areasIncludes newly commissioned essays from the top researchers in the fieldTakes a biopsychosocial perspective, covering the biological, psychological and social changes that occur in adulthood.
The Boleyn reckoning
A Mersey mile
Crossroads at midlife : your aging parents, your emotions, and your self
A Nantucket Christmas
American horror story. The complete third season, Coven
Too close to the edge
Brides of war
Sharp objects : a novel
The museum of you
Oh dear Silvia
Son of a gun : a memoir
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
The postcard
First comes love
A spool of blue thread
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
The miner's daughter
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
Family Violence is a comprehensive, multi-disiplinary work that brings together in one source many findings from years of scientific research. Dr. Pagelow introduces various theories of the cuases of family violence; in addition she explores child abuse and neglects, spouse abuse, adolescent abuse, abuse of elderly partents, and the various types of sexual abuse in the family. The work is a summary of research in sociology, psychology, law, women's studies, family studies, social work, medicine, and counseling. It is essential reading for social workers, counselors, and others who are concerned with the causes, identification, and prevention of the many types of family violence.
News from Berlin
The reluctant mage
Boundless
"Simon Watson, a young librarian on the verge of losing his job, lives alone on the Long Island Sound in his family home--a house, perched on the edge of a bluff, that is slowly crumbling toward the sea. His parents are long dead, his mother having drowned in the water his house overlooks. His younger sister, Enola, works for a traveling carnival reading tarot cards, and seldom calls. On a day in late June, Simon receives a mysterious package from an antiquarian bookseller. The book tells the story of Amos and Evangeline, doomed lovers who lived and worked in a traveling circus more than two hundred years ago. The paper crackles with age as Simon turns the yellowed pages filled with notes, sketches, and whimsical flourishes; and his best friend and fellow librarian, Alice, looks on in increasing alarm. Why does his grandmother's name, Verona Bonn, appear in this book? Why do so many women in his family drown on July 24? Could there possibly be some kind of curse on his family--and could Enola, who has suddenly turned up at home for the first time in six years, risk the same fate in just a few weeks? In order to save her--and perhaps himself--Simon must try urgently to decode his family history while moving on from the past. The Book of Speculation is Erika Swyler's gorgeous and moving debut, a wondrous novel about the power of books and family and magic"--
The informant
Widows and orphans : a novel
My mother's secret
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
Are we related? : the new Granta book of the family
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Couples and Family Relationships presents original articles from leading experts that link research, policy, and practice together to reflect the most current knowledge of contemporary relationships. Offers interesting new perspectives on a range of relationship issues facing twenty-first century Western society Helps those who work with couples and families facing with relationship issues Includes practical suggestions for dealing with relationship problems Explores diverse issues, including family structure versus functioning; attachment theory; divorce and family breakdown; communication and conflict; self regulation, partner regulation, and behavior change; care-giving and parenting; relationship education; and therapy and policy implications.
Children and violence : nature, consequences and interventions
New family values : liberty, equality, diversity
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Informal care of the elderly
Here's to us
"An ambitious, exuberant new novel moving from North West London to West Africa, from the multi-award-winning author of White Teeth and On Beauty  Two brown girls dream of being dancers--but only one, Tracey, has talent. The other has ideas: about rhythm and time, about black bodies and black music, what constitutes a tribe, or makes a person truly free. It's a close but complicated childhood friendship that ends abruptly in their early twenties, never to be revisited, but never quite forgotten, either.  Tracey makes it to the chorus line but struggles with adult life, while her friend leaves the old neighborhood behind, traveling the world as an assistant to a famous singer, Aimee, observing close up how the one percent live.  But when Aimee develops grand philanthropic ambitions, the story moves from London to West Africa, where diaspora tourists travel back in time to find their roots, young men risk their lives to escape into a different future, the women dance just like Tracey--the same twists, the same shakes--and the origins of a profound inequality are not a matter of distant history, but a present dance to the music of time"--
This book presents chapters by many eminent researchers and interventionists, all of whom address the development of deaf and hard-of-hearing children in the context of family and school. A variety of disciplines and perspectives are provided in order to capture the complexity of factors affecting development of these children in their diverse environments. Consistent with current theory and educational practice, the book focuses most strongly on the interaction of family and child strengths and needs and the role of educational and other interventionists in supporting family and child growth. This work, and the authors represented in it, have been influenced by the seminal work of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans, whose work continues to apply a multidisciplinary, developmental approach to understanding the development of deaf children. The book differs from other collections in the degree to which the chapters share ecological and developmental theoretical bases. A synthesis of information is provided in section introductions and in an afterword provided by Dr. Meadow-Orlans. The book reflects emerging research practice in the field by representing both qualitative and quantitative approaches. e chapters in the book may surprise readers in that they present a more positive view of family and child functioning than has historically been the case in this field. This is consistent with emerging data from deaf and hard of hearing children who have benefitted from early identification and intervention. In addition, it represents an emerging recognition of strengths shown by the children and by their deaf and hearing parents. The book moves from consideration of child and family to a focus on the role and effects of school environments on development. Issues of culture and expectations pervade the chapters in this section of the book, which includes chapters addressing effects of school placement options, positive effects of learning about deaf culture and history, effects of changing educational practice in developing nations, and the need for increased knowledge about ways to meet individual needs of the diverse group of deaf and hard of hearing students. Thus, the book gives the reader a coherent view of current knowledge and issues in research and intervention for deaf and hard of hearing children and their families.
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
The longest fight
The trouble with goats and sheep
A wedding at Christmas
Before the war
City of savages
The lavender house
This is how it ends
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
A tale of two families
The outside lands
Gone to the forest : a novel
A lowcountry wedding
Not my father's son : a family memoir
Saint anything
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Religious clashes, conversion and family relations in Imperial Russia : the life of Rabbi and Pastor Rudolf Hermann Gurland
A place called home
Celebrity chef Deacon Rowe is struggling with addiction, depression and not one, but two scandals. As summer nears, he travels to the idyllic Eastern bluff of Nantucket, where he takes his own life. In the shocking wake of Deacon's suicide, his first wife and childhood sweetheart, Laurel Rowe, sets out to gather Deacon's far-flung family - including Deacon and Laurel's son, and Deacon's other ex-wives and children on the island. This book brings together three very different, resilient women and their children, who start out not only as strangers, but as bitter rivals, each wanting to claim the prime place in Deacon's life. Secrets are revealed, confidences are shared, and improbable bonds are formed as this unlikely family says goodbye to the man they loved.
The truth of me : about a boy, his grandmother, and a very good dog
Crimes of the heart
August : Osage County
The Vietnamese family in change : the case of the Red River Delta
"A discussion of the power of introverts for kids and teens with a focus on school, family life, and friendship"--
A brother chosen. A brother left behind. And a family where you'd least expect to find one. Leon is nine, and has a perfect baby brother called Jake. They have gone to live with Maureen, who has fuzzy red hair like a halo, and a belly like Father Christmas. But the adults are speaking in low voices, and wearing Pretend faces. They are threatening to give Jake to strangers. Since Jake is white and Leon is not. As Leon struggles to cope with his anger, certain things can still make him smile - like Curly Wurlys, riding his bike fast downhill, burying his hands deep in the soil, hanging out with Tufty (who reminds him of his dad), and stealing enough coins so that one day he can rescue Jake and his mum. Evoking a Britain of the early eighties, 'My Name is Leon' is a heart-breaking story of love, identity, and learning to overcome unbearable loss.
Fancy dancer
"The monumental bestseller Quiet has been recast in a new edition that empowers introverted kids and teens    Susan Cain sparked a worldwide conversation when she published Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking. With her inspiring book, she permanently changed the way we see introverts and the way introverts see themselves.  The original book focused on the workplace, and Susan realized that a version for and about kids was also badly needed. This book is all about kids' world--school, extracurriculars, family life, and friendship. You'll read about actual kids who have tackled the challenges of not being extroverted and who have made a mark in their own quiet way. You'll hear Susan Cain's own story, and you'll be able to make use of the tips at the end of each chapter. There's even a guide at the end of the book for parents and teachers.  This insightful, accessible, and empowering book, illustrated with amusing comic-style art, will be eye-opening to extroverts and introverts alike"--
By winter's light : a Cynster novel
Three brothers
The Boleyn king : a novel
The ghost lover
All bones and lies
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Scissors, paper, stone
Caring and counting : the impact of mothers' employment on family relationships
Lights out Liverpool
Hyosasanggwa mirae sahoe = Filial piety and future society : May 15-17, 1995
Family law
The book of life
Quiet power : the secret strengths of introverts
Terrified : the heartbreaking true story of a girl nobody loved and the woman who saved her
The woman in the picture
Family careers : developmental change in families
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
The jeweller's wife
The outcast
Fates and furies
The rose girls
New ways to kill your mother : writers and their families
Stepfamilies : who benefits? : who does not?
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Mahtavat Ambersonit
Lizzy lives with her father, Julian, and her brother, Ig, in North London. Two years ago her mother died, leaving in her trail a family bereft by her absence and a house still filled with her things: for Margaret was lively, beautiful, fun, loving; she kept the family together. So Lizzy thinks. Then, one day, Lizzy finds a letter from a stranger to her father, and discovers he has another child. Lizzy invites her into their world in an act of outraged defiance. Almost immediately, she realises her mistake. LOOK AT ME is a deft exploration of family, grief, and the delicate balance between moving forward and not quite being able to leave someone behind. It is an acute portrayal of how familial upheaval can cause misunderstanding and madness, damaging those you love most.
Florence Gordon
Becoming Nicole : the transformation of an American family
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Yhteenveto (Summary)
The Christmas angel
A proper family adventure
Through black spruce
Chinese family and society
Breakout : no prison can hold a father's fury
The memory cage
Human chain
The mill girl
The deaf child in the family and at school : essays in honor of Kathryn P. Meadow-Orlans
The best advice I ever got on marriage : transforming insights from respected husbands and wives
The clover house : a novel
Obligations, loyalties, conflicts : highly educated women and family life in Nairobi, Kenya
Response based approaches to the study of interpersonal violence
The Boleyn King : a novel
Change your name and disappear : a terrifying true tale of survival
You will know me : a novel
The summer wind
The book of speculation
The Boleyn deceit : a novel
The corrections
A good catch
Mother, mother : a novel
Moonglow : a novel
About Grace
Humanistic Marketing is a response to the currently growing mega-trend call for rethinking marketing. The book organizes current thinking around the problems of marketing theory and practice as well as solutions and ways forward, providing a diverse exploration of the position of marketing in the face of challenges for societal transformation.
Hallowed
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Sons of anarchy : the final season
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of couples and family relationships
Children and young people's relationships : learning across majority and minority worlds
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
The summer we fell apart : a novel
Dark places : a novel
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
"A monumental new novel from the bestselling author of Everything Is Illuminated and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close    In the book of Genesis, when God calls out, "Abraham!" to order him to sacrifice his son Isaac, Abraham responds, "Here I am." Later, when Isaac calls out, "My father!" to ask him why there is no animal to slaughter, Abraham responds, "Here I am." How do we fulfill our conflicting duties as father, husband, and son; wife and mother; child and adult? Jew and American? How can we claim our own identities when our lives are linked so closely to others'? These are the questions at the heart of Jonathan Safran Foer's first novel in eleven years--a work of extraordinary scope and heartbreaking intimacy. Unfolding over four tumultuous weeks, in present-day Washington, D.C., Here I Am is the story of a fracturing family in a moment of crisis. As Jacob and Julia and their three sons are forced to confront the distances between the lives they think they want and the lives they are living, a catastrophic earthquake sets in motion a quickly escalating conflict in the Middle East. At stake is the very meaning of home--and the fundamental question of how much life one can bear. Showcasing the same high-energy inventiveness, hilarious irreverence, and emotional urgency that readers and critics loved in his earlier work, Here I Am is Foer's most searching, hard-hitting, and grandly entertaining novel yet. It not only confirms Foer's stature as a dazzling literary talent but reveals a mature novelist who has fully come into his own as one of the most important writers of his generation. "--
Now, this completely rewritten edition presents parents of deaf children with more crucial information enhanced by the advances made in the general understanding of what it means to be deaf and the greater possibilities afforded deaf children today. Author Paul Ogden provides parents with a firm foundation for making the difficult decisions necessary to begin their child on the road to realizing his or her full potential.  The Silent Garden orients parents to their child's lack of hearing, what usually is an earthshaking discovery to them. The broad range of types of hearing loss is explained, from minor loss to profound deafness, descriptions that clearly illustrate why being "deaf" does not indicate one specific set of characteristics. This encouraging book also informs parents that their sense of shock is a normal reaction, and that they need to address critical concerns right away, such as how to communicate with their child, including choosing the best mode. Parents also will have to consider what type of school their child should attend and what kinds of professional help will be best for the entire family.  The Silent Garden describes all forms of communication, detailing the choices in sign communication from American Sign Language to the various manual systems based upon English. Technological alternatives are presented, including when and when not to consider cochlear implants. Case studies and interviews with parents of deaf children help to reassure parents that they can prepare their deaf child for a full, productive life.
Happy spouses, happy parents? : family relationships among Finnish and Dutch dual earners
The sound and the fury
Here I am : a novel
Family violence
Going home again
Coming home
Künstlerbürgertum : the social spheres of Berliner actors in the years 1815-1848
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Ten things I've learnt about love
The chaos of stars
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Sibling identity and relationships : sisters and brothers
Terms of endearment : a novel : with a new preface
Alternative patterns of family life in modern societies
Uneasy reunions : immigration, citizenship, and family life in post-1997 Hong Kong
The summer girls
My name is Leon
Still waters
Everyone hates Fiona Methodist. Her war veteran father shot a young couple in broad daylight before killing himself. The engaged pair had witnessed a robbery and were due to give evidence but, with all three now dead, no one knows the true motive. For Fiona, it's destroyed her life. It's not just those who whisper behind her back or the friends who pretend she doesn't exist; it's the landlords who spot her name and say no, the job agencies who can't find her work. But Fiona knows her dad didn't do it. He couldn't have - he's her father and he wouldn't do that ...would he? Private investigator Andrew Hunter takes pity on the girl and, even with stolen bengal cats to find, plus an ex-wife who's not quite so 'ex', he can't escape the creeping feeling that Fiona might be right after all.
Interpersonal relations across the life course
Something hidden
Unearthly
Go set a watchman
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Short cuts
The secrets sisters keep
The princess diaries
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
Head over heart
Building strengths and skills : a collaborative approach to working with clients
