http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16480 Early Christianity
Early Christianity
Men and women in the early Christian centuries
The New Testament and Hellenistic Judaism
Manipulating theophany : light and ritual in north Adriatic architecture (ca. 400-ca. 800)
The homilies of Proclus are a valuable source for the christological issues of the fifth century and formed an important basis for the subsequent formulation of the orthodox faith at Chalcedon in 451, yet they have not received as much attention as the works of Cyril of Alexandria. For the first time in English the twenty-seven homilies of Proclus that deal with the life of Christ are presented.
Jewish law in gentile churches : Halakhah and the beginning of Christian public ethics
The making of Colossians : a study on the formation and purpose of Deutero-Pauline letter
Pseudoclementina Elchasaiticaque inter judaeochristiana : collected studies
The Christian west and its singers : the first thousand years
The human body in death and resurrection
Worship and evangelism in pre-Christendom
Augustine of Hippo is considered the most influential theologian in the history of the Church in the West. Augustine developed a sexual ethic that became decisive for later teachings on issues of marriage, reproduction and sexuality. Some of the most significant passages are reproduced here.
Sociology of early Palestinian Christianity
Essays in early Eastern initiation
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 2, Catechesis, baptism, eschatology, and martyrdom
Didachè = Didachē tōn Dōdeka Apostolōn : the unknown teaching of the twelve apostles
Opposition to Paul in Jewish Christianity
The New Testament in its Hellenistic context : proceedings of a Nordic Conference of New Testament Scholars, held in Skálholt = af norrænu þingi nýjatestamentisfræđinga í Skálholti
Early Christianity and the Roman Empire
"When the New Testament was read publicly, what effect did the performances have on the audience? In Delivering from Memory, William Shiell argues that these performances shaped early Christian paideia, among communities of active, engaged listeners. Using Greco-Roman rhetorical conventions, Shiell's groundbreaking study suggests that lectors delivered from memory without memorizing the text verbatim and audiences listened with their memories in a collaborative process with the performer. The text functioned as a starting place for emotion, paraphrase, correction, and instruction. In the process, the performances trained and shaped the character of the reader and the formation of the audience."--P. [4] of cover.
The birth of Christianity : reality and myth
The Syriac writers of Qatar in the seventh century
The way of the Didache : the first Christian handbook
And man created God : kings, cults and conquests at the time of Jesus
Christian Oxyrhynchus : texts, documents, and sources
Edessa : 'the blessed city'
Light from ancient letters : private correspondence in the non-literary papyri of Oxyrhynchus of the first four centuries and its bearing on the New Testament language and thought
Archaeology, the rabbis & early Christianity
The essays collected in Christians Shaping Identity celebrate Pauline Allen's significant contribution to early Christian, late antique, and Byzantine studies, especially concerning bishops, heresy/orthodoxy and christology. Covering the period from earliest Christianity to middle Byzantium, the first eighteen essays explore the varied ways in which Christians constructed their own identity and that of the society around them. A final four essays explore the same theme within Roman Catholicism and oriental Christianity in the late 19th to 21st centuries, with particular attention to the subtle relationships between the shaping of the early Christian past and the moulding of Christian identity today. Among the many leading scholars represented are Averil Cameron and Elizabeth A. Clark.
The Didache : the epistle of Barnabas, the epistles and the martyrdom of St. Polycarp, the fragments of Papias, the epistle to Diognetus
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 1
Dialogue with Trypho
The  theology of the first Christians
Restoration : Old Testament, Jewish and Christian perspectives
The name of Jesus
Early Christian art
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
This is the first comprehensive study in the English language of the commentaries of Didymus the Blind, who was revered as the foremost Christian scholar of the fourth century and an influential spiritual director of ascetics. The writings of Didymus were censored and destroyed due to his posthumous condemnation for heresy. This study recovers the uncensored voice of Didymus through the commentaries among the Tura papyri, a massive set of documents discovered in an Egyptian quarry in 1941. This neglected corpus offers an unprecedented glimpse into the internal workings of a Christian philosophical academy in the most vibrant and tumultuous cultural center of late antiquity. By exploring the social context of Christian instruction in the competitive environment of fourth-century Alexandria, Richard A. Layton elucidates the political implications of biblical interpretation. Through detailed analysis of the commentaries on "Psalms", "Job", and "Genesis", the author charts a profound tectonic shift in moral imagination as classical ethical vocabulary becomes indissolubly bound to biblical narrative. Attending to the complex interactions of political competition and intellectual inquiry, this study makes a unique contribution to the cultural history of late antiquity. -- Review: "This book retrieves an important Christian thinker from neglect and obscurity. Layton's use of primary texts is exemplary, and his book makes a major contribution to several areas of scholarship--historical, theological, and philosophical." -- David Brakke, author of Athanasius and Asceticism
Time and sacramentality in Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium
The Bible in ancient christianity
Sacred scripture and secular struggles
History and thought of the early Church
Pain and polemic : anti-Judaism in the Gospels
The social world of the first Christians
Defender of Rome
The oral ethos of the early church : speaking, writing, and the Gospel of Mark
Studia patristica. 35, Papers presented at the Thirteenth International Conference on Patristic Studies held in Oxford 1999 : Ascetica, gnostica, liturgica, orientalia
Captivity
Adventus Domini : eschatological thought in 4th-century apses and catecheses
According to Mary : [the life of Mary Magdalene : a novel]
Baptism : ancient liturgies and patristic texts
Early Christian and Byzantine political philosophy : origins and background
Montanism : gender, authority and the new prophecy
Universalism : the prevailing doctrine of the Christian church during its first five hundred years : with authorities and extracts
Beyond belief : the secret gospel of Thomas
Tolerance and intolerance in early Judaism and Christianity
According to the scriptures : the origins of the gospel and of the church's Old Testament
Paul, the wordly ascetic : response to the world and self-understanding according to 1 Corinthians 7
The tree of gnosis : gnostic mythology from early Christianity to modern nihilism
Epiphanius' Alogi and the Johannine controversy : a reassessment of early ecclesial opposition to the Johannine Corpus
The triumph of christendom in the Roman empire
Jesus & the rise of early Christianity : a history of New Testament  times
Clement's biblical exegesis : proceedings of the Second Colloquium of Clement of Alexandria (Olomouc, May 29-31, 2014)
My name was Judas
Delivering from memory : the effect of performance on the early Christian audience
Memoirs of early christianity in Northern Lapland
The bishop of Rome in late antiquity
The studies collected in this volume address the role of men and/or women in theology, in history, in narrative, in liturgy – in short, in a range of aspects of Christianity as it emerged and rose into prominence as a religion.
Martyrdom and persecution in the early Church : a study of a conflict from the Maccabees to Donatus
Adam's dust and Adam's glory in the Hodayot and the letters of Paul : rethinking anthropogony and theology
Messiah and exaltation : Jewish messianic and visionary traditions and New Testament Christology
Hippolytus between East and West : the commentaries and the provenance of the corpus
Studia Patristica. Vol. LXXIV, Including papers presented at the Fifth British Patristics Conference, London, 13-15 September 2014
Twelve leading scholars have collaborated on this unique volume, bringing their biblical and patristic expertise together to show how the first followers of Jesus used their own canonical scriptures to address concerns central to life in the Roman Empire. Sacred Scripture and Secular Struggles offers an overview of how early Christians approached and appropriated biblical texts in addressing wider societal issues of imperial power, slavery, the use of wealth, suicide and other fundamental issues brought about by the convergence of empire and ecclesia.
Mystery and the making of a Christian historical consciousness : from Paul to the second century
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
Jewish messianism and the cult of Christ
Early Christian doctrines
The unriddling of Christian origins : a secular account
Sarapion of Thmuis : Against the Manicheans and Pastoral letters
New documents illustrating early Christianity. Vol. 5, Linguistic essays
The impact of scripture in early Christianity
The Bible in ancient and modern media : story and performance
This cutting-edge volume has been brought together in honor of Thomas Boomershine, author, scholar, storyteller, innovator. The particular occasion inviting this recognition of his work is the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Society of Biblical Literature's section on The Bible in Ancient and Modern Media (BAMM), which Tom was instrumental in founding. For two and half decades this program unit has provided scholars with opportunities to explore and experience biblical material in media other than silent print, including both oral and multimedia electronic performances. This book explores many, though by no means all, of the issues lifted up in those sessions over the years.
Contested ethnicities and images : studies in acts and art
Syriac perspectives on late antiquity
The Dead Sea scrolls and Christian origins
Barbarian philosophy : the religious revolution of early Christianity
St. Augustine on marriage and sexuality
Gospel and wisdom : Israel's wisdom literature in the Christian life
The collection of essays focuses on the twin areas of research undertaken by Prof. Michael W. Holmes. These are the sub-disciplines of textual criticism and the study of the Apostolic Fathers. The first part of the volume on textual criticism focuses on issues of method, the praxis of editing and collating texts, and discussions pertaining to individual variants. The second part of the volume assembles essays on the Apostolic Fathers. There is a particular focus on the person and writings of Polycarp, since this is the area of research where Prof. Holmes has worked most intensively.
Justinian and the making of the Syrian Orthodox Church
In this volume, Bradley R. Trick argues that Hellenistic testamentary adoption provides the key to understanding Abrahamic descent and its implications for the law in Galatians. By thoroughly analyzing the Greco-Roman and Jewish contexts of Paul's references to testaments/covenants (deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaalphaiota) and adoption, Trick establishes that Gal 3-4 portrays the Abrahamic deltaiotaalphathetaetakappaeta as a Hellenistic testament through which God adopts Abraham. This insight enables a coherent and collectively consistent interpretation of Paul's Abrahamic appeals to emerge, one in which "sons" (3:7) designates Jews, "children of promise" (4:28) designates gentiles, and "seed" designates Christ (3:16) and the interdependent union of Jews and gentiles in Christ (3:29). The need to preserve the singularity of this seed then grounds God's giving of the law.
Worship in the Early Church is a collection of excerpts from early Christian writings illustrating the Church's liturgical practice in both East and West, from its Jewish beginnings through the end of the sixth century.
Heretics : the other side of early Christianity
Who was the Church Father Hippolytus? The answer to this question has eluded scholars for centuries. His true identity was unknown even to Eusebius, the church historian, in the fourth century and to subsequent writers of the ancient Church. Yet his corpus was largely preserved through the early centuries and influenced numerous theologians and exegetes, including Origen, Ambrose, and Jerome. Using ancient, Byzantine, and modern sources, the present study charts the growth of the Hippolytus question from its inception to the present day. It traces how early speculations led to the formation of various traditions of a prolific and controversial writer. This book is the first thorough analysis of the Hippolytus question in English for over a hundred years. Drawing on leading scholarship of the twentieth century, it untangles millennia of theory and points to the evidence of the Asian roots of the great biblical commentator known as Saint Hippolytus. It suggests that this writer, so influential on the rethinking of western liturgical practice in the twentieth century, is best viewed as a scion of the East. -- Review: ... a significant study ... most insightful. Journal of Ecclesiastical History ... this is a solid piece of scholarship which throws more light on an intractable problem relating to the Church in the first decades of the third century ... the author has opened up new lines of research. The Expository Times An intriguing and potentially significant contribution to the debate. Church Times
The anthropology of western religions : ideas, organizations, and constituencies
Textual history and the reception of scripture in early Christianity : Textgeschichte und Schriftrezeption im fruhen Christentum
The Commentary on the Gospel of John is the only surviving, primarily christological work of Theodore of Mopsuestia to have reached our time. The original Greek fragments of The Commentary on the Gospel of John are an invaluable guide in the discussion of Theodore's christology, bridging the gap between the hostile florilegia and the Syriac hagiographies that have dominated the field for so long. Written in the early fifth century, this commentary reflects the author's ongoing attempts to interpret and support the Nicene and Constantinopolitan definitions of faith in a time when theological language was still in flux.
In this work T. Scott Manor provides a new perspective on a common view, known as the 'Johannine Controversy', which maintains that the early church once tried to jettison the Gospel and Apocalypse of John as heretical forgeries. Primary evidence comes from Epiphanius of Salamis, who mentions a heretical group with such views, the Alogi. This along with with other evidence from sources including Irenaeus, Hippolytus, Origen, Eusebius, Photius, Dionysius bar Salibi, Ebed-Jesu and others has led to the conclusion that a certain Gaius of Rome led the Alogi in this anti-Johannine campaign. By carefully examining Epiphanius' account in relation to these other sources, Manor arrives at very different conclusions that question whether any such controversy ever existed at all.
The making of Paul : constructions of the Apostle in early Christianity
The "sociology of sectarianism" in Matthew : modelling the genesis of early Jewish and Christian communities
Coptic Egypt : impacting world peace
The history of the Jesus movement and earliest Christianity requires careful attention to the characteristics and peculiarities of oral and literate traditions. Understanding the distinctive elements of Greco-Roman literacy potentially has profound implications for the historical understanding of the documents and events involved. Concepts such as media criticism, orality, manuscript culture, scribal writing, and performative reading are explored in these chapters. The scene of Greco-Roman literacy is analyzed by investigating writing and reading practices. These aspects are then related to early Christian texts such as the Gospel of Mark and sections from Paul's letters.
Paul within Judaism : restoring the first-century context to the apostle
Sinners by nature or sinners by choice are the traditional positions of Western and (Near) Eastern branches of the Church. John Chrysostom, an early fifth century Bishop of Constantinople, took the latter position. Having gained a basic anthropology from his training in the Greek paideia, he understood the mindset to be the centre of responsibility of the person. Then the person with a renewed mindset sets about shaping it to be conformed to the image of Christ.
Cerinthus
Oral and Manuscript Culture in the Bible is the fruit of Professor Loubser's confrontation with how Scripture is read, understood, and used in the Third World situation, which is closer than modern European societies to the social dynamics of the original milieu in which the texts were produced.
The rise and expansion of Christianity in the first three centuries of the Common Era
Paradise interpreted : representations of biblical paradise in Judaism and Christianity
Mature Christianity in the 21st century : the recognition and repudiation of the anti-Jewish polemic in the New Testament
Studies of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries
Mindset, moral choice and sin in the anthropology of John Chrysostom
This book focuses on conversion and Christendom, and the relationship of one to the other. Alan Kreider helps readers think about the meaning of the word Christendom, its character and inner dynamics, arguing that methods of conversion produced Christendom. This study, then, examines Christendom as the product of conversion, the latter understood as changes within categories of belief, belonging, and behavior. -- "Kreider traces the changing nature of the process of conversion across some four centuries, rightly emphasizing that it does indeed change. He describes it through a careful, well-directed choice of liturgical, autobiographical, homiletic, and theological texts. I know of no better treatment of religious initiation undergone by the most seriously committed Christians of the second to sixth century." -- Ramsay MacMullen, Yale University -- "Written in a lively and clear manner, this small volume makes many connections between different aspects of Early Christian history and practice. I have learned from reading it and recommend it to both scholars and beginners." -- Paul Bradshaw, University of Notre Dame
Iustini Martyris Dialogus cum Tryphone
The church in the Roman empire before A.D. 170
Orthodoxy and heresy in earliest Christianity
Early modes of exegesis : ideal figures in Malachi as a test case
Abrahamic descent, testamentary adoptation, and the law in Galatians : differentiating Abraham's sons, seed, and children of promise
The Pauline church and the Corinthian Ekklēsia : Greco-Roman associations in comparative context
Suppressed prayers : Gnostic spirituality in early Christianity
The formation of the Early Church
In this book scholars from Australia, Japan, Korea, Germany, Ireland, and USA focus on aspects of religion and politics in the early Christian centuries. Contributions engage a host of issues pertaining to Jesus studies, early Christianity and Roman authorities, the destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple, the role of early Christian bishops and their politico-religious strategies, the interplay between Christian and Classical or Jewish models of politics, religious policies of emperors, the degree of religious pluralism, and the abuse of power. Perhaps the most relevant of all for our contemporary situation is the attention the authors pay to civil disobedience, violence, and the ideology of martyrdom.
The archaeology of early Christianity : a history
Ancient councils have been of utmost importance for the development of ecclesiastical structures and institutions. In order to facilitate their study, the Clauis conciliorum occidentalium contains the vaste number of Western synodal documents belonging to the first seven centuries in the form of an index : each council has been listed with an entry of its own which comprises the most important scholarly literature, the history of the tradition of its records including a short summary or synopsis of their contents as well as ancient and modern translations. In addition, there are also listed those councils whose records are lost. In this case, the sources are presented from which the gathering of a synod can be concluded. Whenever possible, the issues discussed by the bishops are outlined.
The oldest church manual
The Canons of Hippolytus
Sacris Erudiri : a journal on the inheritance of late antique and medieval christianity
Alongside his long-awaited systematic introduction to the Pseudo-Clementines, F. Stanley Jones collects into one volume over thirty new and previously published essays on the Pseudo-Clementines, Elchasai, and Jewish Christianity. This corpus spans three decades of concerted research into manuscripts, ancient witnesses, editions, translations, reconstructions, and historical analysis. A chorus of Jewish Christian voices from second/third-century Syria emerges and reveals distinctive beliefs and literary productions in their interface with contemporary Judaism, gentile Christianity, and the pagan world. "The book of Elchasai", for example, is reconstructed and translated as an eye-opening church order from 116-117 C.E. This volume provides vistas for new appreciations of ancient Jewish Christianity as well as of the sparkling diversity in early Christianity generally.
The change of conversion and the origin of Christendom
Christology in the making : a New Testament inquiry into the origins of the doctrine of the Incarnation
"The title of this wide-ranging collection of essays in German and English summarises the scholarly work of Professor Michael Lattke across two hemispheres. Offered to him on the occasion of his retirement from the University of Queensland, this volume reflects the breadth of erudition for which he has acquired his international reputation. The Odes of Solomon, which figure largely in Professor Lattke's research, are well represented here, and so too is the Gospel of John, which was the subject of his early research. However, the tributes of his colleagues and former students in this book range further to other New Testament writings, Intertestamental works, Nag Hammadi, Gnostic, and Syriac studies, and the field of Patristics." -- Provided by publisher.
The influence of the Gospel of Saint Matthew on Christian literature before Saint Irenaeus. Book 3, The Apologists and the Didache
The ministry of women in the early church
Augustine in his own words
By the same word : creation and salvation in Hellenistic Judaism and early Christianity
Gnosticism and early Christianity
Oral and manuscript culture in the Bible : studies on the media texture of the New Testament--explorative hermeneutics
Ambassadors for Christ : an exploration of ambassadorial language in the New Testament
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Music in early Christian literature
The ordained women deacons of the Church's first millennium
This volume on the Hymn of the Pearl, an early Syriac hymn preserved in the Acts of Thomas, contains an illuminating introduction, fresh translations, copious notes and facsimiles of the original Syriac and Greek texts, published here in convenient format for the first time. The study explores the significance of the hymn for understanding Gnosticism and Manichaeism and argues that the hymn is one of the best examples of the basic Gnostic soteriological myth.
Jesus's childhood escapades and graphic descriptions of the torments of Hell - this book introduces readers to a selection, in a modern translation, of the many interesting and bizarre stories about Jesus and his followers which make up the Apocryphal New Testament - stories which have profoundly influenced aspects of later Christian doctrines.
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
The return of Jesus in early Christianity
Gnosis : the nature and history of gnosticism
One true life : the Stoics and early Christians as rival traditions
This collection of essays is partly the product of a symposium that took place at Humboldt University, Berlin in July 2010. It was supplemented by other This collection of essays is partly the product of a symposium that took place at Humboldt University, Berlin in July 2010. It was supplemented by other articles which contributed further relevant aspects to the overall topic. The aim of the conference was to explore the longstanding conundrum of the rapid rise and growth of Christianity in the first three centuries CE. This well-studied question finds a special home in the city of Berlin where, at the beginning of the last century, Adolf von Harnack, Professor at Friedrich Wilhelms University (today Humboldt University) Berlin carried out what was arguably its most famous treatment. According to Harnack, early Christian history began in the missionary activity of contemporary Judaism. The movement spread as the result of a combination of deliberate syncretism with a measure of simplicity in the cultural and political unity of the Roman Empire. Over the past thirty years, scholars such as Ramsey MacMullen and Rodney Stark have questioned some of Harnack's conclusions. Arising from outside of the field of New Testament Studies (Ancient History and Sociology of Religion, respectively), both MacMullen's and Stark's approach remained at some distance from specialist understandings of, for example, complex theological and rhetorical aspects of early Christian texts. Therefore, in the wake of these important studies, a variety of new strategies have emerged taking these and other vital concerns into account. The essays in this volume represent these assorted approaches. Methodological rigor is the only unambiguous theme running throughout this otherwise diverse collection. The essays are collected under two broad sub-headings: Cultural Milieu and Texts. Topics treated include Paul, Jesus and the Gospels, other New Testament texts, the Apocryphal Acts, and the expansion of Christianity in the second and third centuries.
In these chapters, a group of renowned international scholars seek to describe Paul and his work from "within Judaism," rather than on the assumption, still current after thirty years of the "New Perspective," that in practice Paul left behind aspects of Jewish living after his discovery of Jesus as Christ (Messiah). After an introduction that surveys recent study of Paul and highlights the centrality of questions about Paul's Judaism, chapters explore the implications of reading Paul's instructions as aimed at Christ-following non-Jews, teaching them how to live in ways consistent with Judaism while remaining non-Jews. The contributors take different methodological points of departure: historical, ideological-critical, gender-critical, and empire-critical, and examine issues of terminology and of interfaith relations. Surprising common ground among the contributors presents a coherent alternative to the "New Perspective." The volume concludes with a critical evaluation of the Paul within Judaism perspective by Terence L. Donaldson, a well-known voice representative of the best insights of the New Perspective.
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 3
Die Verfasserschaft der traditionell dem Apologeten Athenagoras zugeschriebenen Schrift De Resurrectione und ihre Datierung sind bis heute umstritten. Nikolai Kiel weist in dieser Studie nach, dass der Auferstehungstraktat ein Pseudonym darstellt. Durch eine Verortung des Textes im ideengeschichtlichen Kontext der altkirchlichen Auferstehungsdebatten kann seine Entstehung auf die erste Hälfte des dritten Jahrhunderts datiert werden. Hierzu wird auch der Diskurshorizont des untersuchten Traktats mittels einer Rekonstruktion der in der Leugnung der Totenauferstehung bestehenden gegnerischen Position näher bestimmt. Ausgehend von einem interpretierenden Durchgang durch De Resurrectione leistet der Verfasser einen wesentlichen Beitrag zur patristischen Forschung des apologetischen Zeitalters. -- The authorship of De Resurrectione traditionally ascribed to the apologist Athenagoras, and its dating are controversial to this day. Nikolai Kiel proves in this study that the resurrection treatise is pseudonymous. By positioning the text within the intellectual-historical context of early resurrection debates, its origin can be dated to the first half of the 3rd century. The discourse horizon of the discussed tractate has been determined more precisely by means of a reconstruction of the constituent opposing position. Through his interpretative survey of De Resurrectione, the author has advanced the study of apologetic literature from the early patristic Era.
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 4
The Oxford handbook of early Christian apocrypha
Decisive meals : table politics in Biblical literature
Worship in the early church : an anthology of historical sources. Vol. 2
A theory of primitive Christian religion
The see of Peter
Studies in early Christian liturgy and its context
Didymus the Blind and his circle in late-antique Alexandria : virtue and narrative in biblical scholarship
Jerusalem and Athens : cultural transformation in late antiquity
The lost way : how two forgotten gospels are rewriting the story of Christian origins
Das Böse, der Teufel und Dämonen = Evil, the Devil, and demons
The early Christian world. Volume 2
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
The early Church. Henry Chadwick
The Platonic heritage : further studies in the history of Platonism and early Christianity
An economic survey of early byzantine church
I sowed fruits into hearts (Odes Sol. 17:13) : festschrift for Professor Michael Lattke
Jews and Christians in contact and controversy
Reveals the story behind the modern discovery of the earliest gospels, accounts that do not portray Jesus exclusively as a martyr but recover a lost ancient Christian tradition centered on Jesus as a teacher of wisdom.
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
Schismatics, sectarians, dissidents, deviants : the first one hundred years of Jewish-Christian relations
The Oxford Handbook of Early Christian Apocrypha addresses issues and themes that arise in the study of early Christian apocryphal literature. It discusses key texts including the Gospel of Thomas, the Gospel of Mary, the Gospel of Peter, letters attributed to Paul, Peter, and Jesus, and acts and apocalypses written about or attributed to different apostles. Part One consists of authoritative surveys of the main branches of apocryphal literature (gospels, acts, epistles, apocalypses, and related literature) and Part Two considers key issues that they raise. These include their contribution to our understanding of developing theological understandings of Jesus, the apostles and other important figures such as Mary. It also addresses the value of these texts as potential sources for knowledge of the historical Jesus, and for debates about Jewish-Christian relations, the practice of Christian worship, and developing understandings of asceticism, gender and sexuality, etc. The volume also considers questions such as which ancient readers read early Christian apocrypha, their place in Christian spirituality, and their place in contemporary popular culture and contemporary theological discourse.
In Clement's Biblical Exegesis scholars from six countries explore various facets of Clement of Alexandria's hermeneutical theory and his exegetical practice. Although research on Clement has tended to emphasize his use of philosophical sources, Clement was important not only as a Christian philosopher, but also as a pioneer Christian exegete. His works constitute a crucial link in the tradition of Alexandrian exegesis, but his biblical exegesis has received much less attention than that of Philo or Origen. Topics discussed include how Clement's methods of allegorical interpretation compare with those of Philo, Origen, and pagan exegetes of Homer, and his readings of particular texts such as Proverbs, the Sermon on the Mount, John 1, 1 John, and the Pauline letters.
Goodenough on the beginnings of Christianity
Social reality and the early Christians : theology, ethics and the world of the New Testament
Alexander l. Abecinba argues that Gregory of Nyssa's dispute with Eunomius of Cyzicus in Contra Eunomium gave birth to a sacramental view of time. "In Chapter 1, Time and Ontology, I show that Gregory sees temporal extension ... as a fundamental property that distinguishes the creature from the Creator. Further, Nyssen conceives of creaturely temporality in a two-fold manner: temporality that applies to sensible creation and a higher temporality that applies to intelligible creation. For Gregory, time not only acts to veil the Creator from the creature. Through a participatory ascent from sensible to intelligible temporality, time also acts as the very means of creaturely communion with God. The veiling and unveiling function of time gives rise to its sacramental character. Chapter 2, Time, Language and Thought, extends the findings of Chapter 1. I argue that, for Nyssen, words pertain to sensible temporality while thought pertains to intelligible temporality. Words and thought, being temporally diastematic in character, veil the Creator from the creature. Nevertheless, for Gregory, the ascent of sensible to intelligible temporality is mirrored in an ascent from the spoken words to silent thought that also unveils the Creator to the creature. Thus, words and thought possess a sacramental character insofar as they are caught up the ascent of sacramental time into union with God. Chapter 3, Time and Christology, discusses topics such as the divine economy, the divine and human nature of Christ, and the kenosis and deification of Christ. I argue that Nyssen sees the Incarnation as the Sacrament, par excellence, of humanity's salvation. In this event the Son's divine nature is veiled in flesh, yet is visible in that same flesh to those who have "clear vision." This unique event in history, in which the human nature of the Son is properly deified, provides the basis for creaturely temporal ascent into the life of God. Creaturely temporal existence is sacramental, inasmuch as it shares in the unique Christological Sacrament by analogy. In the Epilogue I allow the findings of Chapters 1 to 3 to shed light on Greogory's understanding of the sacraments of baptism and eucharist. I argue that Gregory's defense of pro-Nicene sacramental practices, over against Eunomius of Cyzicus, depends upon his sacramental view of time."
Reading the Gospels with the early church : a guide
Jews and Christians : the parting of the ways A.D. 70 to 135
Love between women : early Christian responses to female homoeroticism
The arts of mankind. 9, The beginnings of Christian art 200-395
James, brother of Jesus, and the Jerusalem Church : a radical exploration of Christian origins
Töid algkristliku mõtlemise kujunemise alalt = Studies in the formation of the early Christian way of thinking
The end of a road
The male woman : a feminine ideal in the early Church
Qumran between the Old and New Testaments
Education and religion in Late Antique Christianity : reflections, social contexts and genres
Reading Galatians with and without the Book of Acts
The gnostic gospels
Perspectives on the socially disadvantaged in early christianity
In general, theological terms this study examines the interplay of early Christian understandings of history, revelation, and identity. The book explores this interaction through detailed analysis of appeals to "mystery" in the Pauline letter collection and then the discourse of previously hidden but newly revealed mysteries in various second-century thinkers. T.J. Lang argues that the historical coordination of the concealed/revealed binary ("the mystery previously hidden but presently revealed") enabled these early Christian authors to ground Christian claims - particularly key ecclesial, hermeneutical, and christological claims - in Israel's history and in the eternal design of God while at the same time accounting for their revelatory newness. This particular Christian conception of time gives birth to a new and totalizing historical consciousness, and one that has significant implications for the construction of Christian identity, particularly vis-à-vis Judaism.
Although St. Anthony the Great, St. Athanasius of Alexandria, and the Desert Fathers have received considerable attention in early Christian studies, St. Sarapion of Thmuis has remained in relative obscurity. This book introduces the thought of this early Egyptian monastic bishop, highlighting the importance of both Sarapion's biblical hermeneutics and his utilization of Stoic philosophy. It includes an argument for Sarapion's authorship of the Letter to the Monks as well as translations of Sarapion's three extant writings: Letter to Bishop Eudoxios, Letter to the Monks, and Against the Manichaeans.
To experience the gospel message as first-century people heard it is to move into an oral world, one with very little reliance on manuscripts. The essays in this book explore this oral world and the Gospel of Mark within it. They demonstrate the oral style of Mark's gospel, which suggests that it was composed orally, transmitted orally in its entirety by literate and nonliterate storytellers, and survived to become part of the canon only because it was widely known orally. Women's storytelling also thrived during the first centuries of Christianity. With the transition to manuscript authority beginning in the middle of the second century, women's voices were often minimized, trivialized, or completely omitted in written versions. Further, when the Gospel of Mark was one of four written Gospels these voices were quickly ignored. An ancient audience hearing Mark performed, however, enjoyed a vibrant experience of the gospel message and its urgent call to follow.
"In 1873, a copy of the long lost Didache was discovered in a library in Constantinople. Since its publication a decade later, this little book has attracted a large amount of scholarly attention due to the light it sheds on the beliefs and practices of the early Christians. Dr. William Varner has written this volume to familiarize readers with these past and present scholarly discussions. Dr. Varner offers his own analytical translation of the Didache and sets forth some fresh ideas about the book's original purpose and its relationship to the New Testament. He also suggests how the message of this first Christian handbook can inform the church today. This is an accessible introduction, not only to an ancient Christian text, but also to how the earliest Christians responded to the challenge of their new, lives."--Jacket.
Church, ministry, and sacraments in the New Testament
Early Christians speak : faith and life in the first three centuries
The lost gospel : decoding the ancient text that reveals Jesus' marriage to Mary the Magdalene
The early church at work and worship. Vol. 1, Ministry, ordination, covenant, and canon
Hearing between the lines : the audience as fellow-worker in Luke-Acts and its literary milieu
Moving past earlier descriptions of first-century Christ groups that were based on examining the New Testament in isolation from extant sources produced by analogous cult groups throughout Mediterranean antiquity, this book engages with underexplored epigraphic and papyrological records and situates the behaviour of Paul's Corinthian ekklēsia within broader patterns of behaviour practiced by Greco-Roman associations. Richard Last's comparative analysis generates highly original contributions to our understanding of the social history of the Jesus movement: he shows that the Corinthians were a small group who had no fixed meeting place, who depended on financial contributions from all ten members in order to survive, and who attracted recruits by offering social benefits such as crowns and office-holding that made other ancient cult groups successful. This volume provides a much-needed robust alternative to the traditional portrayal of Pauline Christ groups as ecclesiastically egalitarian, devoid of normative honorific practices, and free for the poor.
Introduction --A: Stories Relating to the Period of the New Testament Gospels --1. The Birth of Jesus --2. The Childhood of Jesus --3. Jesus' Parents --4. The Ministry of Jesus --5. The Death and Resurrection of Jesus --6. Pilate --7. Jesus in the Underworld --8. Veronica --9. Zacharias --B: Stories Relating to the Growth of the Church --10. Peter --11. Paul --12. John --13. Thomas --14. Andrew --C. Stories Relating to Life After Death --15. Heaven and Hell --16. The End of Time.
Studies on the text of the New Testament and early Christianity : essays in hono[u]r of Michael W. Holmes on the occasion of his 65th birthday
Kathy Maxwell explores the comments of ancient rhetoricians about their audiences as well as the kind of audience participation they expected & the tools used to encourage such participation, & applies her findings to Luke-Acts. This title examines the role of the 'audience' in interpreting Luke's narrative in "Acts" with reference to ancient rhetorical, Jewish, Pagan and other early Christian writings. The audience, and its varying levels of participation, is a vital element for the communication of a story. The stories of Jesus Christ as told in the gospels, and of the early Church as found in "Acts", rely on the audience members and their participation as do all others. In fact, without audience participation, the narrative fails. Audience-oriented criticism, while named only recently, is an ancient phenomenon as old as story telling itself. Kathy Maxwell explores ancient rhetoricians' comments about 'the audience', as well as the kinds of audience participation they expected and the tools used to encourage such participation. Such tools were employed in ancient pagan, Jewish, and Christian literature - the concern being to engage the audience. Maxwell's conclusions impact not only the way biblical scholars view the rhetorical abilities of the Evangelists, but also the way in which modern readers 'hear' the biblical narrative. The modern audience also bears the responsibility of hearing between the lines, of creating the story with the ancient author.
The Hymn of the pearl : the Syriac and Greek texts : with introduction, translations, and notes
Acknowledgements -- Abbreviations -- List of Contributors --1 Introduction / Wendy Mayer and Geofrey D. Dunn -- The Roman Empire before Constantine -- 2 Jews, Gentiles, and Ethnic Identity in the Gospel of Matthew / David C. Sim -- 3 Die Herkunft der Christen in der Apologie des Aristides: Baustein zu einem Kommentar / Michael Lattke -- 4 What did Ancient Christians Say when they Cast out Demons? Inferences from Spells and Amulets / Theodore de Bruyn -- The Late Antique East -- 5 On Being a Christian in Late Antiquity: St Basil the Great between the Desert and the City / Andrew Louth -- 6 The Likeness to God and the Imitation of Christ: The Transformation of the Platonic Tradition in Gregory of Nyssa / Shigeki Tsuchihashi -- 7 Origen after the Origenist Controversy / Miyako Demura -- 8 Shaping the Sick Soul: Reshaping the Identity of John Chrysostom / Wendy Mayer -- The Late Antique West -- 9 Theory and Practice in Ambrose: De officiis and the Political Interventions of the Bishop of Milan / Mary Sheather -- 10 Jerome as Priest, Exegete, and 'Man of the Church' / Philip Rousseau -- 11 The Use of Comparison and Contrast in Shaping the Identity of a Desert Monk / Jacobus P.K. Kritzinger -- 12 Augustine's Scriptural Exegesis in De sermone Domini in monte and the Shaping of Christian Perfection / Naoki Kamimura -- 13 Shaping the Poor: The Philosophical Anthropology of Augustine in the Context of the Era of Crisis / Kazuhiko Demura -- 14 Innocent I on Heretics and Schismatics as Shaping Christian Identity / Geoffrey D. Dunn -- Byzantium -- Ariadne Augusta: Shaping the Identity of the Early Byzantine Empress / Brian Croke -- 16 Dream Interpretation and Christian Identity in Late Antique Rome and Byzantium / Bronwen Neil -- 17 Shaping Coptic Christian Identity: Severus and the Adoption in Egypt of the Cult of the Forty Martyrs / Youhanna Nessim Youssef -- 18 The Treatment of Ecumenical Councils in Byzantine Chronicles / Roger Scott -- 19 Flights of Fancy: Some Imaginary Debates in Late Antiquity / Averil Cameron -- Reading the Past, Shaping the Present -- 20 The Personal Identity of Jesus Christ: Alois Grillmeier's Contribution to its Conceptualisation / Michael Slusser -- 21 Christological Declarations with Oriental Churches / Theresia Hainthaler -- 22 'Historical Development' and Early Christianity: George Tyrrell's Modernist Adaptation and Critique / Elizabeth A. Clark -- 23 Male-Centred Christology and Female Cultic Incapability: Women's impedimentum sexus / Kari Elisabeth Børresen -- Index of Primary Sources -- General Index.
Christian origins and the ancient economy
Authority and freedom in liturgy: patristic, free church, pentecostal, ecumenical
Early Christian chants : Varhaiskristillisiä lauluja
The Song of songs and the fashioning of identity in early Latin Christianity
Jewish traditions in early Christian literature. Vol. 1, Paul and the Jewish law : Halakha in the letters of the Apostle to the gentiles
Christians as a religious minority in a multicultural city : modes of interaction and identity formation in early Imperial Rome : studies on the basis of a seminar at the Second Conference of the European Association for Biblical Studies (EABS) from July 8-12, 2001, in Rome
Warrior of Rome. Part II : King of kings
Debates within the New Testament Canon
Roman faith and Christian faith : pistis and fides in the early Roman Empire and early churches
Homilies on the life of Christ
Religious polemics in context : papers presented to the Second International Conference of the Leiden Institute for the Study of Religions (LISOR) held at Leiden, 27-28 April, 2000
Early Christian creeds
Concerning the city of God against pagans
James, Brother of Jesus, and the Jerusalem Church opens fresh ground in our understanding of Christian origins through an exploration of the role of James in the founding of the church. Based on the author's doctoral research, that first Christian church, with its roots in the Baptist movement, is shown to be part of the broad contemporary Judaic movement for the restoration of Israel. The events surrounding the death of Jesus (their leader's brother) both confirmed their commitment to Judaic reform and transformed their understanding of it. Despite the impact of that experience, they seem to have had neither knowledge nor interest in the teaching and ministry of Jesus in Galilee. Set in the world of James, this careful study of the difficulties and opportunities facing Judaic peasants in first-century Palestine proposes that James and his other brothers moved to Jerusalem (where work was available) several years before the final visit of Jesus and, under James's leadership, became the kernel of a growing group of followers of the Baptist that would later emerge onto the page of history as the Jerusalem Church.
These papers of the 62nd Colloquium Biblicum Lovaniense (July 16-18, 2013) illustrate that the Apostle Paul is an excellent example for the cultural exchange so typical of the eastern provinces of the Roman Empire during the early imperial age. He was a Jew from Tarsus and regarded himself, according to his own words, as Hebrew descended from Hebrews, and as Pharisee according to the way of interpreting the Law. However, he wrote his letters in Greek, showing acquaintance not only with the Greek translations of the Law and the Prophets, but also with contemporary Greek philosophical concepts, rhetorical style and e.g. the tradition of Euripides' tragedies. He lived and worked in several Roman colonies and absorbed Romanized concepts, metaphors and a vision of reaching from the eastern frontier of the Empire to Spain in the West. Influenced by different intellectual worlds, Paul stood at the crossroads of cultural interaction.
Early Jewish liturgy : a sourcebook for use by students of early Christian liturgy
The history of the church from Christ to Constantine
The beginnings of christianity : Essene mystery, gnostic revelation and the christian vision
In Adam's Dust and Adam's Glory, Nicholas A. Meyer challenges the scholarly reconstruction of a traditional theological framework of creation, fall, and restoration in order to comprehend the pessimistic anthropologies of the Hodayot and the letters of Paul. Meyer argues that too little notice has been paid to the fact that this literature problematizes ordinary humanity by way of original humanity--its sexuality, its earthly physicality, its spiritual-moral frailty--and that these texts look not for the restoration of human nature as determined in creation, but rather for its transformation. Setting aside the traditional threefold framework, the author offers an innovative and comprehensive reading of the use of traditions of anthropogony, including the glory of Adam and the image of God, in this literature.
Death in second-century Christian thought : the meaning of death in earliest Christianity
Corpus christianorum. Claves, Subsidia
Jesus and the Gentiles
The so-called eighth Stromateus by Clement of Alexandria : early Christian reception of Greek scientific methodology
Decisive Meals discusses various aspects of meal traditions and their relevance in terms of boundaries between different groups in the context of first century Judaism and the early Christ-movement. The contributors discuss different communities at different times and places - under the same focus of common meals: The post-exilic community in Judaea, the Pauline communities in Asia Minor, as well as in the Roman dominated city of Caesarea and the Hellenistic Jewish community and the emerging rabbinical community - each time a community is affected through the sharing of meals, but how exactly? What are similar effects - where are the differences? This sheds light on power dynamics between rich and poor, well fed and hungry, but also between men and women. These questions will clarify how detailed exegesis is influenced by hermeneutical patterns and ideas about food, boundaries and power dynamics.
Christianity and the rhetoric of empire : the development of Christian discourse
St Paul and the church of the gentiles
Through the eye of a needle : wealth, the fall of Rome, and the making of Christianity in the West, 350-550 AD
History of primitive christianity
Theodore of Mopsuestia : commentary on the Gospel of John
Orality and literacy in early Christianity
The image of the invisible God : essays on the influence of Jewish mysticism on early christology
The mystery-religions and Christianity : a study in the religious background of early Christianity
The ancient church as family
The wife of Jesus : ancient texts and modern scandals
Baptism and the new life : a study of Romans 6.1-14
The early Christian church
Christians shaping identity from the Roman Empire to Byzantium : studies inspired by Pauline Allen
The sleeper's dream : Asclepius ritual and early Christian discourse
"Authoritative, comprehensive presentation of Christian texts and texts about Christians in the Oxyrhynchus papyri"--Blumell and Wayment present a thorough compendium of all published papyri, parchments, and patristic sources that relate to Christianity at Oxyrhynchus before the fifth century CE. Christian Oxyrhynchus provides new and expanded editions of Christian literary and documentary texts that include updated readings, English translations--some of which represent the first English translation of a text--and comprehensive notes. The volume features New Testament texts carefully collated against other textual witnesses and a succinct introduction for each Oxyrhynchus text that provides information about the date of the papyrus, its unique characteristics, and textual variants. Documentary texts are grouped both by genre and date, giving readers access to the Decian Libelli, references to Christians in third- and fourth-century texts, and letters written by Christians. A compelling resource for researchers, teachers, and students, Christian Oxyrhynchus enables broad access to these crucial primary documents beyond specialists in papyrology, Greek, Latin, and Coptic.
