http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16489 traffic systems
traffic systems
Against space : place, movement, knowledge
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to update television playout system. An Estonian television and radio network operator Levira playout centre needed expansion in infrastructure to be able to accommodate larger channel count. Renewals of media asset management and automation systems were also required to handle requirements of the larger channel count and to automate processes. Television playout systems and solutions are going through big changes. These changes reflect partially new developments in the whole broadcasting industry and the way people use video, as well as changes and development in other areas of technology, especially in IT. These changes do not come without challenges with new workflows and ways of operating. These projects were to be done not only for current needs but also to be ready for the coming years. This was taken into consideration on system design and planning as well as on choosing the partners for the projects. As a result of this study, an up to date playout centre was designed with flexible IT based solutions that are easy to update and customize for varying needs of different television channels. Playout centre has room to grow and it is ready for requirements of future without need for major changes in the system.
Theory of rational decision-making and its applications to adaptive transmission
Code acquisition in direct sequence spread spectrum systems using smart antennas
Probabilities of adverse weather affecting transport in Europe : climatology and scenarios up to the 2050s
Future wireless systems will require high data rate with low transmit and processing power consumption. A combination of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) transmission with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is a promising approach for offering better performance in terms of the capacity and quality of service (QoS). The detector in the wireless receiver is one of the highest power consuming parts. In order to minimize the power consumption, it is desirable for the detector to be able to change the detection algorithm to suit the channel conditions.In this thesis work, we study the suitability of different MIMO detection algorithms for adaptive operation. The selective spanning with fast enumeration (SSFE), K-best list sphere detector (LSD), linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE), and successive interference cancellation (SIC) detectors are compared to each other in terms of communications performance in the 4 × 4 and 8 × 8 MIMO–OFDM systems. The impact of least squares (LS) and minimum mean square error (MMSE) channel estimation methods, mobile speed, and transmit precoding at the base station on detector algorithm selection is also considered. The SIC detector is shown to suffer from error propagation in poor channel conditions. The SSFE detector is unable to outperform the K-best LSD and is occasionally outperformed by the LMMSE detector. The LMMSE detector is able to outperform the K-best LSD on the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime when the mobile speed is high and the spatial channel correlation is low or moderate; it is also found to be more robust against channel estimation errors. Because a realistic adaptive detector is expected to support only two detection algorithms, the K-best LSD and LMMSE are selected based on the performance results for application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) architecture design and further comparison.The chosen algorithms are evaluated by considering the performance and implementation results. The K-best LSD provides good performance under challenging channel conditions with the cost of high complexity and power consumption. The LMMSE detector is energy efficient but performs poorly in correlated channels. However, exceptions exist, and detailed results on when to use a simple detector and when to use a complex detector are provided.
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Transport revolution : international perspectives
Towards a new transport policy : intelligence in transport and wisdom in mobility : Finland’s second generation intelligent strategy for transport
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
Fundamentals of communication systems
Payment and settlement system simulator : seminar 25-27 August 2008, Helsinki
Electronic money trends : user's perspective
Human factors design handbook : information and guidelines for the design of systems, facilities, equipment and products for human use
Great European container ring
WCDMA Test Model 6 Automated Verification
The measurements of GPRS BSS
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Tourism in the USA : a spatial and social synthesis
Study on the Malaysian telecommunication market
Product meaning, affective use evaluation, and transfer : a preliminary study
Geographic knowledge discovery from sparse GPS-data : revealing spatio-temporal patterns of Amazonian river transports
Climate change and cities : first assessment report of the Urban Climate Change Research Network
Automation of a Quality Measurement System for Wireless @450 Broadband Network
An approach towards the integration of bus information systems in Vietnam: case study: Ho Chi Minh City Bus Information System project
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Assessment of welfare impacts in transport system planning
Transport communications : understanding global networks enabling transport services
Embedded mixed-signal testing on board and system level
The geography of transport systems
Detection algorithms and architectures for wireless spatial multiplexing in MIMO-OFDM systems
Modem theory : an introduction to telecommunications
Optimization techniques for radio resource management in wireless communication networks
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
"Have you ever wondered how the water in your faucet gets there? Where your garbage goes? What the pipes under city streets do? How bananas from Ecuador get to your local market? Why radiators in apartment buildings clang? Using New York City as its point of reference, The Works takes readers down manholes and behind the scenes to explain exactly how an urban infrastructure operates. Deftly weaving text and graphics, author Kate Ascher explores the systems that manage water, traffic, sewage and garbage, subways, electricity, mail, and much more. Full of fascinating facts and anecdotes, The Works gives readers a unique glimpse at what lies behind and beneath urban life in the twenty-first century."--Back cover.
Knowledge production for transport policies in the information society
Iterative receivers for digital communications via variational inference and estimation
Performance analysis of mMCSK-mMFSK modulation variants with comparative discussion
The basics of information security : understanding the fundamentals of InfoSec in theory and practice
Evaluation of the Finnish Aino Programme 2004-2007
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Analysis of OFDMA resource allocation with limited feedback
Current state and prospects of the integration of the Russian inland waterways in European transport system
GPRS in wireless data : functioning and design of the network
Clean mobility and intelligent transport systems
UMTS : introduction and measurement
Machine-to-machine Communications : Architectures, Technology, Standards, and Applications
Holistic work system design and management:— a participatory development approach to delivery truck drivers’ work outside the cab
Implementing parser tool to visualize trace and error log files in Media Gateway
Transportation systems security
Smart sustainable mobility : a user-friendly transport system is a combination of intelligence, low carbon energy, and adaptable services
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
The works : anatomy of a city
Helsinki Metropolitan Area transportation system 2020
Towards a new transport policy : intelligence in transport and wisdom in mobility : Finland's second generation intelligent strategy for transport
Traffic congestion goes through the issue-machine : a case-study in issue processing, illustrating a new approach
Veniceland Atlantis : the bleak future of the world's favourite city
From telecommunications to electronic services : a global spectrum of definitions, boundary lines, and structures
Abstract.
Analog and digital communication systems
Helsinki Metropolitan Area Transport System Plan PLJ 2007 : executive board of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Council 02.03.2007
Telecommunications in transition : policies, services and technologies in the European Community
Detection algorithms and ASIC designs for MIMO-OFDM downlink receivers
Portsmouth city bus route online information system
New Challenges for the Greening of Transport : CM3 - Computational Multi Physics, Multi Scales and Multi Big Data in Transport Modeling, Simulation and Optimization: University of Jyväskylä, Finland, May 25-27, 2015 : book of abstracts
Benefits of carbon neutrality in a rapidly changing business environment
Finland's strategy for intelligent transport : [rapporteur's proposal]
Equalization and channel estimation algorithms and implementations for cellular MIMO-OFDM downlink
Finland : media, Internet and telecommunications : complete profile
CISSP for dummies
Multidimensional adaptive radio links for broadband communications
Multiple input multiple output (MIMO) schemes in LTE and LTE-advanced
PlyMes reporting
Cyber-physical security : protecting critical infrastructure at the state and local level
Open systems and standards for software product development
Finnra's strategy for traffic management
Evolution of 3G networks : the concept, architecture and realization of mobile networks beyond UMTS
Smart city : research highlights
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Data communications, computer networks and open systems
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Telecommunication solutions for secondary substation automation
The evaluation of transportation investment projects
Managing mobile services : technologies and business practices
Computer networks
Fundamentals of intelligent transportation systems planning
Realtime Web Analytics
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Multi-channel solutions for interactive services : channels and their rates of interactivity
The geography of urban transportation
The national transport telematics architecture, TelemArk : the development plan
Interfaces, Standards and Code lists in Data communication between Authorities : Helsinki–St. Petersburg Smart Transport Corridor
Abstract: Currently UPM plywood production has a tailor made reporting platform that handles all production related data. This reporting platform is called PlyNET and it is based on Mi-crosoft SQL Reporting Services (SSRS) technology. PlyNET platform is fully developed by the UPM IT-department and in the long run that could cause problems concerning product support and future development. During 2011-2012 UPM has implemented a standard MES solution for plywood production based on GE Intelligent Platforms' Proficy product family. This system is called PlyMES. the Proficy platform includes standard out-of-the-box reports, but these reports were found to be insufficient and needed to be extended or replaced. To be able to extend PlyMES reports and merge these with existing PlyNET reports, Novotek Report Plus (NRP) reporting tool was chosen as a candidate. Like PlyNET, the NRP platform is also based on standard SQL Server Reporting Services (SRSS) technology. Using NRP, UPM specific reports based on data in the PlyMES system can be designed and existing PlyNET reports can be merged together with PlyMES reports into single reporting portal. The goal of this thesis is to explore the possibility to use Novotek Report Plus as a single reporting portal for PlyMES and PlyNET reports. Alongside of this project WIP inventory balance, plywood average thickness and produced plywood quantity reports will be de-signed and created.
CDMA : access and switching for terrestrial and satellite networks
A study of TD-CDMA and WCDMA radio network enhancements
Channel estimation and positioning for multiple antenna systems
Compensation of transmitter nonlinearities using predistortion techniques : case studies of envelope tracking amplifiers and radio-over-fibre links
This thesis focuses on studying the available methods and technology for creating communication networks to fulfill the secondary substation automation needs. The communication techniques are presented individually while keeping the approach strictly limited to the facts and characteristics most relevant for secondary substation communication design. The communication methods are then compared and viewed from different perspectives. The comparison between the communication methods is conducted according to the three main criteria: reliability, security and cost-efficiency. The information is then reviewed alongside with customer extracted information in order to acquire a broader view on the current communication networks and their future aspects. The results of this study give a general view on possible communications methods for secondary substation communications and depict the growing need for effective communication methods in modern electricity grids.
Television playout development towards flexible IT-based solutions
Semantics-based access control in business networks
The role of ICT in the value co-creation process
