http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16407 sex discrimination
sex discrimination
Act on Equality Between Women and Men
Gendered tradeoffs : family, social policy, and economic inequality in twenty-one countries
The 'woman question' and higher education : perspectives on gender and knowledge production in America
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Practising gender equality in education
Why are so few women promoted into top management positions?
Gender and work in capitalist economies
Gender and culture
The glass wall : success strategies for women at work
Gender and creative labour
The gendering of global finance
Gender, class and work
Race, gender, and the labor market : inequalities at work
Breadwinners and citizens : gender in the making of the French social model
Gender on planet Earth
The sex of labour law in Europe
William Blake and gender
Michael Korda writes brilliantly and irreverently about what male chauvinism means, why men act the way they do toward women in business, marriage and sex--ways men are finally being asked to, forced to, abandon. He includes discussions with successful women such as Barbara Walters and Helen Gurley Brown.
Gender, rights and development : a global sourcebook
Shattered, cracked or firmly intact? : women and the executive glass ceiling worldwide
Only judgment : the limits of litigation in social change
Doing Justice, Doing Gender: Women in Legal and Criminal Justice Occupations is a highly readable, sociologically grounded analysis of women working in traditionally male dominant justice occupations of law, policing, and corrections. This Second Edition represents not only a thorough update of research on women in these fields, but a careful reconsideration of changes in justice organizations and occupations and their impact on women's justice work roles over the past 40 years.
Bodies in revolt : gender, disability, and a workplace ethic of care
Women and society in India
The idea that respect for cultural diversity conflicts with gender equality is now a staple of both public and academic debate. Yet discussion of these tensions is marred by exaggerated talk of cultural difference, leading to ethnic reductionism, cultural stereotyping, and a hierarchy of traditional and modern. In this volume, Anne Phillips firmly rejects the notion that 'culture' might justify the oppression of women, but also queries the stereotypical binaries that have represented people from ethnocultural minorities as peculiarly resistant to gender equality. The questions addressed include the relationship between universalism and cultural relativism, how to distinguish valid generalisation from either gender or cultural essentialism, and how to recognise women as agents rather than captives of culture. The discussions are illuminated by reference to legal cases and policy interventions, with a particular focus on forced marriage and cultural defence.
Gender inequality : feminist theories and politics
Sexism : the male monopoly on history and thought
Lifting a ton of feathers : a woman's guide to surviving in the academic world
Rites of passage
EU rules on gender equality : how are they transposed into national law?
Systematically examining and documenting the range of discriminatory behaviour that many women experience on a daily basis, the editor of this volume demonstrates how subtle sexism devalues women and limits their work. Nijole V Benokraitis also explains how these practices can be challenged and changed. The four parts cover: the continuing significance of sexism; subtle sexism in organizational settings; subtle sexism as social control; and how to change subtle sexism practices.
Combating sexual harassment at work
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--
Crimes of outrage : sex, violence and Victorian working women
A theory of organizing
Women and equality in the workplace : a reference handbook
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
Historically, the female body has been enshrined as an aesthetic object. It has been associated with nature, sin, and danger. It has been reduced to gynecology and blamed for women's inferior status. This collection of seventeen essays covers a wide range of women's studies topics that are related directly to the portrayal of the female body. Contributors focus on links between cultural representation and the physical treatment of women. Following an introductory discussion of perspectives on "the body" as raised by feminist theorists, part one of the volume explores the ways men have represented women's bodies in art, literature, historical writing, religion, and in popular culture. Part two addresses problems associated with the physical treatment of women by those within the field of medicine, the practice of social policy, and the practice of law. Part three focuses on the recent women's struggle to reclaim control of their bodies by creating their own definitions and representations and, in the process, to proclaim their own intimate knowledge of themselves as women.
Gender and military sociology
Access to equality between men and women in the European Community : records of the proceedings of the European Conference organized at Louvain-la-Neuve (30 september - 3 october 1992)
Close to home : a materialist analysis of women's oppression
Race, gender and educational desire : why black women succeed and fail
Both Muslims and non-Muslims see women in most Muslim countries as suffering from social, economic, and political discrimination, treated by law and society as second-class citizens subject to male authority. This discrimination is attributed to Islam and Islamic law, and since the late 19th century there has been a mass of literature tackling this issue. Recently, exciting new feminist research has been challenging gender discrimination and male authority from within Islamic legal tradition: this book presents some important results from that research. The contributors all engage critically with two central juristic concepts; rooted in the Qur'an, they lie at the basis of this discrimination. One refers to a husband's authority over his wife, his financial responsibility toward her, and his superior status and rights. The other is male family members' right and duty of guardianship over female members (e.g., fathers over daughters when entering into marriage contracts) and the privileging of fathers over mothers in guardianship rights over their children. The contributors, brought together by the Musawah global movement for equality and justice in the Muslim family, include Omaima Abou-Bakr, Asma Lamrabet, Ayesha Chaudhry, Sa'diyya Shaikh, Lynn Welchman, Marwa Sharefeldin, Lena Larsen and Amina Wadud. -- Review: 'Brimming with fact and insight, these critical and constructive essays by a global array of scholars and reformers focus our attention on how patriarchy functions in Muslim texts and contexts, and how it can be challenged. Their distinctive analyses converge and diverge, leading the reader to a new awareness of the range and power of Muslim feminist thought in the twenty-first century.' -- Kecia Ali - Associate Professor of Religion, Boston University 'Bar none, this is the best treatment of women and Islamic law that I have read in the past twenty years ... profound, eye-opening and even exhilarating. It is difficult for me to take seriously any student or scholar dealing with the subject of guardianship of men over women in Islam unless, or until, they have read and digested this book.' -- Dr. Khaled Abou El Fadl - Omar and Azmeralda Alfi Professor of Law, UCLA School of Law 'A highly stimulating collection of pieces by notable scholars and activists that critically examines the concepts of qiwamah and wilayah in the Muslim legal tradition, Men in Charge provides a complex and clearly articulated analyses of the problems with the dominant exegetical and juristic understandings of gender relations. This volume ventures beyond a mere critique; it offers significant alternative readings of Islam's epistemological sources and delivers significant insights into gender relations from diverse perspectives including Islam's spiritual tradition and the lived realities of Muslim women with a view to offering ethical and just alternatives to the dominant and traditional understanding of gender relations. Men in Charge is, without a doubt, an extremely valuable contribution to the discourse on gender relations, equality, justice and women's rights in Islam and among Muslims.' -- Farid Esack - Professor in the Study of Islam and Head of Department of Religion Studies, University of Johannesburg.
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Fleeting opportunities : women shipyard workers in Portland and Vancouver during world war II and reconversion
Gender and work in today's worlds : a reader
Patrons of women : literacy projects and gender development in rural Nepal
Protective barriers : the discriminatory effects of women protection laws in the European Community
Gender segregation in vocational education
Published in 1984, this analysis of "sexology" from Havelock Ellis to Masters and Johnson is more important and relevant today than ever. The sub title of the book: "Male sexuality and the social control of women" has total relevance to the fact of global trafficking of girls, boys and young adult women - the fact of sexual slavery world wide. Anyone and everyone who knows that sale and purchase of mostly girls is being done every minute of every day in every part of the world and who wants to understand how it is that men do the the selling and buying of human beings, for constant rape, should add the information in this book to their understanding of this largely ignored criminal activity.
Rethinking son preference : gender, population dynamics and social change in the People's Republic of China
The hidden gender of law
Gender and refugee status
Sex stratification : children, housework, and jobs
Gender, schooling and global social justice
Kvinder og asyl : en konferencerapport om kønsrelateret forfølgelse = Women and asylum : a conference report on genderrelated persecution
Islamic veiling in legal discourse
Diversity - an opportunity in working life : guide to promoting equality and preventing discrimination in the workplace
The sexism of social and political theory : women and reproduction from Plato to Nietzsche
Gender divide and the computer game industry
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
The sexuality papers : male sexuality and the social control of women
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Constructions of women's age at the workplace
In subordination : professional women, 1870-1970
Black skin, white masks
Male chauvinism : how it works at home and in the office
Revisiting gender inequality : perspectives from the People's Republic of China
Inequality : classic readings in race, class, and gender
The economic emergence of women
Sexism' is a rich and readable sourcebook on the history and workings of patriarchy in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. Marie Louise Janssen-Jurreit surveys the major debates of early feminism throuh history, economics, literature, anthropology, politics, philosophy and psychoanalysis ti biology. 'sexism' is a tour de force. Maria Louise Janssen-Jurreit provides a powerful analysis of how male domination over women has become and continues to be accepted. She exlplores questions concerning matriarchy, the sexual division of labour, female biology and the various forms of violence against women. She covers third World cultures as well those of the industrialised world, providing many starting points for further discussion.
Purity and communal boundaries : women and social change in a Bangladeshi village
Women in a changing world : proceedings : Asahi International Symposium : October 23-25, 1985/Tokyo, Japan
Justifications for sex discrimination in employment
Sex & business
Complaints and disorders : the sexual politics of sickness
Handbook on well-being of working women
The gendered society
The equal opportunities handbook : how to recognise diversity, encourage fairness and promote anti-discriminatory practice
Subtle sexism : current practice and prospects for change
In the company of men : male dominance and sexual harassment
White women, race matters : the social construction of whiteness
Beyond the workfare state : labour markets, equalities and human rights
"This book explores the decline in female involvement in technology and other discrimination related to the industry"--Provided by publisher.
Female genital mutilation : legal, cultural and medical issues
The underground girls of Kabul : the hidden lives of Afghan girls disguised as boys
Despite decades of efforts to promote gender equality, most leadership positions in business, politics, education, and even NGOs are occupied by men, and most people still work in occupations dominated by one sex. This book argues that gender imbalances in leadership and occupations are not simply a moral issue or an economic issue, but a governance issue. Gender imbalances persist in large part because the very people with the authority and influence to do something about them know very little about gender and how it works in their organizations and in society at large. Gender-imbalanced governance is an expression of entrenched ideas about masculinity and femininity that lead to poor decision-making. Improving the quality of governance requires action to counteract the main justifications for the status quo. Based on interviews and conversations with leaders and managers in Europe and the USA, the book presents seven of the most common explanations for persistent gender imbalances and shows how they are based on common stereotypes and myths about men’s and women’s abilities and preferences. This book provides a guided tour of current gender research from a multi-disciplinary perspective, covering research in neuroscience, psychology, history, law, and management. It challenges commonly held assumptions and offers alternative explanations and corresponding principles to guide individual decisions, action, and behaviour towards achieving gender balance.
Discrimination American style : institutional racism and sexism
Anti-discriminatory practice : equality, diversity and social justice
The declining significance of gender?
Accepting a dare issued by her brother before his death, sisteen-year-old Sam McKenna joins the first-ever class of girls at a military academy and finds herself targeted by brutal male classmates whose actions are prompted by a secret society.
Women in academia and equality law : aiming high - falling short? : Denmark, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, The Netherlands, Sweden, United Kingdom
Mind the gap : essays on explanations of gender wage inequality
Postfeminist education? : girls and the sexual politics of schooling
Argues that women are becoming a larger portion of the worlds poor, looks at job segregation, sex discrimination, pay practices, and working conditions, and describes the impact of technology on the world's female poor.
The whole woman
Gendered lives : gender inequalities in production and reproduction
Lean out : the struggle for gender equality in tech and start-up culture
Sexual harassment is overwhelmingly a problem of women workers. It has nothing to do with normal interaction between the sexes: it denotes scorn of another person, and is used to establish or prove power over others. Sexual harassment produces feelings of revulsion, violation, disgust, anger and powerlessness. Good managers know that it is in the long-term interest of the enterprise to ensure that their employees are treated with respect. While effective legal remedies are necessary, it is also important to ensure that the problem ceases, or better still, never starts. Thus, preventive measures are especially important. This issue of the Conditions of Work Digest is essential reading for employers, personnel managers, trade unionists and all those in governmental and non-governmental circles who are committed to justice and dignity at work.
Legalizing misandry : from public shame to systemic discrimination against men
Why race and gender still matter : an intersectional approach
Gender mainstreaming active inclusion policies : final synthesis report
Reducing prejudice and discrimination
Work, family, health, and well-being
Men in charge? : rethinking authority in Muslim legal tradition
Ar'n't I a woman? : female slaves in the plantation South
Women with disabilities : essays in psychology, culture and politics
The gender gap in college : maximizing the developmental potential of women and men
Shaping gender policy in Turkey : grassroots women activists, the European Union, and the Turkish state
The epistemology of resistance : gender and racial oppression, epistemic injustice, and resistant imaginations
Marxism, queer theory, gender
Talking and taking positions : an encounter between action research and the gendered and racialised discourses of school science
On living through Soviet Russia
Man's dominion : religion and the eclipse of women's rights in world politics
Doing justice, doing gender : women in legal and criminal justice occupations
Theatre needs to change. Everywhere – in its boardrooms, on its stages, throughout its repertoires – it could be so much more successful at reflecting the gender balance of the world it seeks to represent. This is a book about why change matters, its benefits – artistic, commercial, ethical and social – and how, with everyone's help, we can actually achieve it. From small shifts, such as how you run your meetings, or what's on the shelves of your school library, to rethinking concepts as huge as the art we inherit, how we attribute excellence, and the constraints we unwittingly pass on to the next generation, there are things we can all do to bring about change. In this book, you'll find provocations to help you consider your current practices and their effects, challenge unconscious biases and identify opportunities for change, plus strategies and tools to help you decide where best to focus your efforts, to convince others why change matters, and to achieve meaningful, lasting success. Eye-opening, empowering and inspiring, All Change Please is a book for anyone who loves theatre. Whether you make it, teach it, watch it or study it, everyone has their own unique part to play in helping refresh, reshape and re-imagine the industry as truly diverse, equal and inclusive.
Inexcusable absence : why 60 million girls still aren't in school and what to do about it
We must choose life : writings by Namibian women on culture, violence, HIV and Aids
Gender equity : an integrated theory of stability and change
Questioning gender : a sociological exploration
Abstract.
Fitting into place? : class and gender geographies and temporalities
Taking the heat : women chefs and gender inequality in the professional kitchen
Gender orders unbound : globalisation, restructuring and reciprocity
Readings for diversity and social justice
Illicit worlds on Indian dance : cultures of exclusion
Anatomy of gender : women's struggle for the body
"This book challenges a contemporary postfeminist sensibility grounded not only in assumptions that gender and sexual equality has been achieved in many Western contexts, but that feminism has gone 'too far' with women and girls now overtaking men and boys - positioned as the new victims of gender transformations. The book is the first to outline and critique how educational discourses have directly fed into postfeminist anxieties, exploring three postfeminist panics over girls and girlhood that circulate widely in the international media and popular culture. First it explores how a masculinity crisis over failing boys in school has spawned a backlash discourse about overly successful girls; second it looks at how widespread anxieties over girls becoming excessively mean and/or violent have positioned female aggression as pathological; third it examines how incessant concerns over controlling risky female sexuality underpin recent sexualisation of girls moral panics. The book outlines how these postfeminist panics over girlhood have influenced educational policies and practices in areas such as academic achievement, anti-bullying strategies and sex-education curriculum, making visible the new postfeminist, sexual politics of schooling. Moving beyond media or policy critique, however, this book offers new theoretical and methodological tools for researching postfeminism, girlhood and education. It engages with current theoretical debates over possibilities for girls' agency and empowerment in postfeminist, neo-liberal contexts of sexual regulation. It also elaborates new psychosocial and feminist Deleuzian methodological approaches for mapping subjectivity, affectivity and social change"
Bridging the gender gap : seven principles for achieving gender balance
Through the labyrinth : the truth about how women become leaders
All change please : a practical guide to achieveing gender equality in theatre
"Readings for Diversity and Social Justice is the market leading anthology to cover the full scope of social oppression from a social justice standpoint. With full sections dedicated to racism, sexism, classism, heterosexism, and ableism, as well as transgenderism, ethno-religious oppression, and adult and ageism, this bestselling text goes far beyond the range of traditional readers. New essay selections in each section have been carefully chosen to keep topic coverage timely and readings accessible and engaging for students. The interactions among these topics are highlighted throughout to stress the interconnections among oppressions in everyday life.Each thematic section is divided into three parts: Contexts, Personal Voices, and Next Steps and Actions. The first two parts provide vivid portraits of the meaning of diversity and the realities of oppression. The third part challenges the reader to take action to end oppressive behavior and affirm diversity and social justice. Retaining the key features and organization that has made Readings for Diversity and Social Justice an indispensable text for teaching issues of social justice while simultaneously updating and expanding its coverage, this new edition features:Strong and accessible section introductions to highlight key points and relate the essential concepts of any given topic to other forms of oppression. Updated sections to include new accessible, engaging and poignant selections that maximize student engagement. Contextual pieces to theorize structural inequality; personal narratives to provide vivid portraits of "difference" and "otherness"; and next steps to challenge the reader to take action. An emphasis on the interconnectedness of social identity and social inequality throughout.An alternative, thematic table of contents.An updated companion website with additional resources, including videos, further suggested readings, and teaching materials"--
Seriously! : investigating crashes and crises as if women mattered
Gender inequality and its representations in two African novels : Things Fall Apart and The Joys of Motherhood
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Complying with colonialism : gender, race and ethnicity in the Nordic region
Globalizing education for work : comparative perspectives on gender and the new economy
Case study on the project "Fair Sex"
Women in academic leadership : professional strategies, personal choices
Traditional debates concerning racially hierarchical societies have tended to focus on the experience of being black. White Women, Race Matters breaks with this tradition by focusing on the particular experiences of white women in a racially hierarchical society. By considering the ways in which their experience not only contributes to but challenges the reproduction of racism, the work offers a rigorous examination of existing methodologies, practices and assumptions concerning racism and gender relations. Supported by extracts from in-depth life history interviews, White Women, Race Matters provides valuable course material.
Gender equality is a moral and a business imperative. But unconscious bias holds us back, and de-biasing people’s minds has proven to be difficult and expensive. Diversity training programs have had limited success, and individual effort alone often invites backlash. Behavioral design offers a new solution. By de-biasing organizations instead of individuals, we can make smart changes that have big impacts. Presenting research-based solutions, Iris Bohnet hands us the tools we need to move the needle in classrooms and boardrooms, in hiring and promotion, benefiting businesses, governments, and the lives of millions. What Works is built on new insights into the human mind. It draws on data collected by companies, universities, and governments in Australia, India, Norway, the United Kingdom, the United States, Zambia, and other countries, often in randomized controlled trials. It points out dozens of evidence-based interventions that could be adopted right now and demonstrates how research is addressing gender bias, improving lives and performance. What Works shows what more can be done―often at shockingly low cost and surprisingly high speed.
Sexual exploitation in sport is a problem that has beset both male and female athletes privately for decades but which has only recently emerged as a public issue. Spoilsports is the first comprehensive review of this issue, integrating pioneering academic research, theoretical perspectives, and practical guidelines for performers, coaches, administrators and policy-makers. Spoilsports draws extensively on the personal experiences of athletes and those involved in sport. Challenging and controversial, this book represents an important step towards tackling a difficult issue. It is essential reading for coaches, athletes, parents, policy-makers and all those with a personal or professional interest in sport.
Sexist harassment as an issue of gender equality politics and policies at university
Experiencing race, class, and gender in the United States
The feminist economics of trade
Providing balanced coverage of abortion, sexual harassment, censorship and pornography, and other timely and controversial subjects, this pathbreaking anthology is the first to offer a comprehensive introduction to feminist legal philosophy. An important resource for courses in women's studies, philosophy, law, sociology, and political science, it provides many stimulating insights into essential topics in jurisprudence, such as the nature and justification of law, judicial reasoning and the process of adjudication, the connection between law and equality, and freedom and justice.
Sex discrimination in the workplace : multidisciplinary perspectives
Negotiating gender and diversity in an emergent European public sphere
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in gender and education
Spoilsports : understanding and preventing sexual exploitation in sport
Women's football in the UK : continuing with gender analyses
Making news : women in journalism
Non-discrimination law : comparative perspectives
The book analyses intersections between gender and diversity through cross-national studies of European public spheres. It explores key questions like to what extent female citizens and migrant/minority groups are included/excluded in European public spheres and how they contribute to these emerging spheres. Reflections about European equality and diversity issues are based on new research from a large-scale EU project.
The second sexism : discrimination against men and boys
Women and minorities have entered higher paying occupations, but their overall earnings still lag behind those of white men. Why? Looking nationwide at workers across all employment levels and occupations, the author examines the unexpected ways that prejudice and workplace discrimination continue to plague the labor market. He probes the mechanisms by which race and sex groups are sorted into "appropriate" jobs, showing how the resulting segregation undercuts earnings. He also uses an innovative integration of race-sex queuing and segmented-market theories to show how economic and social contexts shape these processes. His analysis reveals how race, sex, stereotyping, and devaluation interact to create earnings disparities, shedding new light on a vicious cycle that continues to the leave women and minorities behind.
Trans and intersex people : discrimination on the grounds of sex, gender identity and gender expression
Queer presences and absences
Private bodies, public texts : race, gender, and a cultural bioethics
Shifting identities, shifting racism : a feminism & psychology reader
Gender and information technology : moving beyond access to co-create global partnership
Gender and education : an encyclopedia
Gender inequalities in the 21st century : new barriers and continuing constraints
Diversity at work
Everyday sexism
Integrating gender equality into business and management education : lessons learned and challenges remaining
What works : gender equality by design
Headscarves and hymens : why the Middle East needs a sexual revolution
The gender wage gap and sex segregation in Finland
The gendered society reader
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Working your way to the bottom : the feminization of poverty
Playing with the boys : why separate is not equal in sports
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
Lifting a Ton of Feathers is not only a survival guide, it is also a destroyer of academic myths about women's career chances in the university, and a revelation of the catch-22 positions in which women find themselves. Caplan demonstrates that while many women believe that when they fail it is their fault, their fate is more likely to be sealed by their encounter with the male environment, and by the manner in which they are tossed about by it. She aims to help women avoid self-blame and understand the real sources of their problems. Readers will find the information about the mine-field of academia for women infuriating, but the means of telling it highly entertaining. Women account for more than half of all undergraduate students in the US and Canada, yet they make up only 10 per cent of faculty members at the level of full professor. What happens to women between freshman level, the tenure track, and the ensuing following professional years that keeps them out of the highest levels of academia? Paula Caplan is herself a veteran of the academic career struggle, and she sets out to explore this question with not only her own observations but also those of many women whom she has interviewed, and with a strong backing of established research. With these tools she provides a clear-eyed assessment of what women who have embarked on an academic career, and those who are considering it, may expect.
Women of ideas and what men have done to them : from Aphra Behn to Adrienne Rich
Equality between women and men : in the European social charter and in Finnish law
Sport and discrimination in Europe : the perspectives of young European research workers and journalists
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
Woman's worth : sexual economics and the world of women
For Alma Mater : theory and practice in feminist scholarship
The theoretical part poses questions of ethno-national diversity and gender from the European context and applies an intersectionality approach to research about the European public spheres. The empirical part contains cross-country and regional case studies comparing the attitudes of collective actors (political parties, NGOs, media) towards gender and ethno-national diversity. It includes studies of the European Women's Lobby, the European Network against Racism and the FEMM Committee in the European Parliament. This book is a must read for students and scholars of Gender Studies, Citizenship and Intersectionality. Book jacket.
Performing difference : representations of "the other" in film and theater
Labour law, work, and family : critical and comparative perspectives
Gender and the open method of coordination : perspectives on law, governance and equality in the EU
The political economy of violence against women
Revolt against chivalry : Jessie Daniel Ames and the women's campaign against lynching
Gender equity in South African education 1994-2004 : perspectives from research, government and unions : conference proceedings
How children and adolescents evaluate gender and racial exclusion
