http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16404 inns
inns
Hide and seek : the architecture of cabins and hide-outs
Turisti - majoitus 2008 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
A treehouse of your own
Experiencescapes : tourism, culture and economy
Cabin porn : inspiration for your quiet place somewhere
Treehouses of the world
We all need to be somewhere else, just for a little while. The cabin is that somewhere else. They allow us to get into a different state of mind, one where we can just have a good time. Four walls and a roof and a weekend--these getaways free us from the distracting and unessential, and put us back in touch with nature and our own inner peace. In cabins, we can savor solitude or share experiences with friends among mountains, rivers, woods, and wildlife. The Hinterland explores architecture and design approaches to creating the refuges that refresh and revitalize amidst the beauty of nature.
Computerization possibilities for Ryokans : small tradiotional Japanese inn
A home in the world : houses and cultures
Micro : very small architecture
Start your own bar and club : sports bars, nightclubs, neighborhood bars, wine bars and more!
Kun merituuli puhaltaa sisään : lomamaja Hvaler, Fredrikstad, Norja = When the sea breeze blows in : holiday cottage Hvaler, Fredrikstad, Norway
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
The highly individual cabins, hideaways, and summer homes featured in Hide and Seek offer their owners exceptional, yet convenient ways to escape urban routines and embed themselves into the land. These imaginative structures meld traditional architecture with modern living in fascinating and surprising ways. Whether located in the forest, on the water, or in the mountains; whether light and minimalistic or dark and cozy, the compelling dwellings exemplify how to create remote shelters that bring calm and balance to our hectic lives. With the right concept, furniture, decor, and atmosphere, even small or basic designs become stunning sanctuaries.
Go slow Italy : special places to stay, slow travel and slow food
When God was a rabbit
The next always
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2006 = Accommodation in Finland 2006 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2006
XS future : new ideas, small structures
New treehouses of the world
Guesthouses in France : the finest selection from the Michelin guide
Murder at the mansion
The rough guide to the best places to stay in Britain on a budget
XS : big ideas, small buildings
The 26-storey treehouse
Ryokan : a Japanese tradition
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2008 = Accommodation in Finland 2008 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2008
The innkeeper's daughter
The heroines : a novel
A cultural history of food. Vol. 4, In the early modern age
Clean sweep
New trends in micro-architecture
The world of the tavern : public houses in early modern Europe
Modern buildings : their planning, construction and equipment : vol. 6
Development of customer satisfaction in Hotel Hermica
Treehouses : a practical & inspirational guide
Writing Jewish culture : paradoxes in ethnography
Essays of travel and in the art of writing
Tiny houses : designs for 43 tiny houses for getting away from it all
Hideaways
Suomen majoitusliikkeet 2003 = Accommodation in Finland 2003 = Übernachtung in Finnland 2003
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
The innkeeper's goods : the use and acquisition of household property in sixteenth-century Siena
The perfect hope
Murder at redwood cove
The return of Rafe MacKade
Living spaces : sustainable building and design
Half-architecture
Housing the stranger in the Mediterranean world : lodging, trade, and travel in late antiquity and the Middle Ages
Odd interlude : a special Odd Thomas adventurel
British bed & breakfast
Cover of night
Sweep in peace
Witches abroad
The hinterland : cabins, love shacks and other hide-outs
Turisti - majoitus 2009 : hotelliopas = Hotel guide Finland : camping sites, holiday villages, congress guide, spas
The last boyfriend
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
Bed & breakfast France
My farm is my stage : a performance perspective on rural tourism and hospitality services in Estonia
British bed & breakfast for garden lovers
Reviving monuments : historic architecture and contemporary projects : approaches to historic building re-use seen on 40 sites in Europe today
Go slow France
One fell sweep
Greenglass House
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
