http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1649 sports programmes
sports programmes
Teaching about television
Television in the Olympics
Writing media histories : Nordic views
Top gear - the challenges
Representing sport
Resorts : management and operation
The world ́s greatest rally cars [videotallenne]
The aesthetics of television
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
Psychology of sport training
The language of sport : observations on the spoken language of football commentary
The Clarkson collection
Kaikki maalit : Fifa world cup Germany 2006
The rights to TV broadcast of sport events
Latin aerobic workout
European television in the digital age : issues, dynamics and realities
Smooth talkers : the linguistic performance of auctioneers and sportscasters
I can play that!. Sports themes
The business of sport management
The Essential HBO reader
Finnish summary.
The economics of sport and the media
A sharp surfer and dedicated designer
Exploring 3D : the new grammar of stereoscopic filmmaking
Writing for television, radio and new media
The media in question : popular cultures and public interests
A game of two halves : football, television and globalisation
The Chiefs
The world's greatest rallycars
Sports on television : the how and why behind what you see
Television sports production
Journalism and popular culture
Special issue : aesthetics and popular culture
Sports broadcasting
Fields in vision : television sport and cultural transformation
The world's greatest F1 cars
Television : an international history
Top gear : winter olympics
Culture of the everyday : leisure and cultural participation in 1981 and 1991
Genetic analysis of foal and studbook traits in selection for racing performance in trotters
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Liberal adult education programme 2009-2012.
Essential processes for attaining peak performance
The rights to TV broadcast of sports events
Effective leadership in adventure programming
Latin dance : workout for beginners and beyond
Sex, drugs, and cocoa puffs : a low culture manifesto
On the edge  : my story
Broadcast news producing
Masculinity and popular television
Kaikki maalit : FIFA World Cup, Germany 2006.
Easiest keyboard collection. Sports themes
Top gear - great adventures
Top gear revved up : thrashing, crashing and trashing
Olympiakisat 1896-1940 taskussa = Resultat i olympiska spelen = Results on the Olympic games
Want to know which hair-raising speed machine can crack 200 mph while barbecuing sausages on its side skirts? Or which car sounds like a jumbo jet taking off? Or which beefed-up roadster looks a dead ringer for Darth Vader? Then you'd better get hold of Top Gear 100 Fastest Cars. Pronto. This pocket-rocket compendium is packed full of facts and stats on all your favourite cars. Its unmissable reading for any Top Gear fan!
Redesigning the web presence of an organization
The World's Greatest F1 Cars
Preparations for the celebration of the XIIth Olympic Games, Helsinki 1940.
Handbook of research in applied sport and exercise psychology : international perspectives
Hockey night in Finland
Call of the game : what really goes on in the broadcast booth
