http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16450 ghettos
ghettos
The taste of trauma : reflections of ageing Shoah survivors on food and how they (re)inscribe it with meaning
The truth about the saving of the Łódź Ghetto Archive
Who will write our history?  : rediscovering a hidden archive from the Warsaw Ghetto
The clandestine history of the Kovno Jewish ghetto police
Spiritual Resistance in the Vilna Ghetto
The holocaust
Theatrical performance during the Holocaust : texts, documents, memoirs
The colors of the ghetto
Remembering survival : inside a Nazi slave-labor camp
The Prague ghetto
The undying flame : Ballads and songs of the holocaust
Words to outlive us : eyewitness accounts from the Warsaw ghetto
The Warsaw ghetto : the 45th anniversary of the uprising
The diary of Mary Berg  : growing up in the Warsaw ghetto
Łódź Ghetto : a history
The ghetto fights : [Warsaw 1943-45]
A far country
Pianisti : The pianist
The king of children : the life and death of Janusz Korczak
THE WARSAW GHETTO
Blooms of darkness
Hitler's ghettos : voices from a beleaguered society, 1939-1944
The emergence of Jewish ghettos during the Holocaust
My secret camera : life in the Lodz ghetto
Memory unearthed : the Lodz ghetto photographs of Henryk Ross
Hustling and other hard work : life styles in the ghetto
The puppet boy of Warsaw
"The establishment and subsequent liquidation of the Warsaw Ghetto has become an icon of the Holocaust experience, yet, remarkably, a full history of the ghetto has never been written, despite the publication over some sixty years of numerous memoirs, studies, biographical accounts, and primary documents. The Warsaw Ghetto: A Guide to the Perished City is this history, researched and written with painstaking care and devotion over many years and now published for the first time in English.".
The zookeeper's wife
Yossel : April 19, 1943
Pianisti = The pianist
Music in the Holocaust : confronting life in the Nazi ghettos and camps
Ghettostadt : Łódź and the making of a Nazi city
The bravest battle : the twenty-eight days of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
The Pianist
Surviving the holocaust : the Kovno ghetto diary
Mutafukaz  : Dark meat city
Housing solutions to aid refugee integration
Emperor of lies
Shadows of Survival : A Child's Memoir of the Warsaw Ghetto
Jewish medical resistance in the Holocaust
As a force that had to serve two masters, both the Jewish population of the Kovno ghetto in Lithuania and its German occupiers, the Kovno Jewish ghetto police walked a fine line between helping Jews survive and meeting Nazi orders. In 1942 and 1943 some of its members secretly composed this history and buried it in tin boxes. The book offers a rare glimpse into the complex situation faced by the ghetto leadership and the Jewish policemen, caught between carrying out the demands of the Germans and mollifying the anger and frustration of their own people. It details the creation and organization of the ghetto, the violent German attacks on the population in the summer of 1941, the periodic selections of Jews to be deported and killed, the labor required of the surviving Jewish population, and the efforts of the police to provide a semblance of stability. The secret history tells a dramatic and complicated story, defending the actions of the police force on one page and berating its leadership on the next. A substantial introduction by distinguished historian Samuel D. Kassow places this powerful work within the context of the history of the Kovno Jewish community and its experience and fate at the hands of the Nazis.
The Jews of Warsaw, 1939-1943 : ghetto, underground, revolt
The Stroop report : the Jewish quarter of Warsaw is no more!
The ghetto-swinger : a Berlin jazz-legend remembers
A vivid and unsparing memoir of the experiences of an eight year old child incarcerated in the Warsaw Ghetto. Her escape from the Ghetto and from Warsaw following the Uprising was due to her mother's resourcefulness. Settling finally into an outwardly comfortable American life she repressed her horrific memories until compelled to bear witness.
Black ghettos, white ghettos and slums
Isaac's army : a story of courage and survival in Nazi-occupied Poland
"On March 29, 1516, the city council of Venice issued a decree forcing Jews to live in il geto--a closed quarter named for the copper foundry that once occupied the area. The term stuck. In this sweeping and original interpretation, Mitchell Duneier traces the idea of the ghetto from its beginnings in the sixteenth century and its revival by the Nazis to the present. As Duneier shows, we cannot understand the entanglements of race, poverty, and place in America today without recalling the history of the ghetto in Europe, as well as later efforts to understand the problems of the American city. This is the story of the scholars and activists who tried to achieve that understanding. Their efforts to wrestle with race and poverty in their times cannot be divorced from their individual biographies, which often included direct encounters with prejudice and discrimination in the academy and elsewhere. Using new and forgotten sources, Duneier introduces us to Horace Cayton and St. Clair Drake, graduate students whose conception of the South Side of Chicago established a new paradigm for thinking about Northern racism and poverty in the 1940s. We learn how the psychologist Kenneth Clark subsequently linked Harlem's slum conditions with the persistence of black powerlessness in the civil rights era, and we follow the controversy over Daniel Patrick Moynihan's report on the black family. We see how the sociologist William Julius Wilson redefined the debate about urban America as middle-class African Americans increasingly escaped the ghetto and the country retreated from racially specific remedies. And we trace the education reformer Geoffrey Canada's efforts to transform the lives of inner-city children with ambitious interventions, even as other reformers sought to help families escape their neighborhoods altogether. Ghetto offers a clear-eyed assessment of the thinkers and doers who have shaped American ideas about urban poverty--and the ghetto. The result is a valuable new understanding of an age-old concept." -- Publisher's description
Cities and cinema
Walls around : the plunder of Warsaw Jewry during World War II and its aftermath
River rescue [cd] : The very best of
The pianist : the extraordinary true story of one man's survival in Warsaw 1939-1945
"In this book the authors explore the history of the ghetto's evolution, detailing the daily experience of its thousands and thousands of inhabitants from its creation in 1941 to its liquidation in 1943. Encyclopedic in scope, the book encompasses a range of topics from food supplies to education, religious activities to the structure of the Judenrat. Separate chapters deal with the mass deportations to Treblinka in July 1942 and the famous uprising in April 1943. Detailed original maps identify the locations of businesses, social institutions, medical facilities, and more, while biographical notes, a glossary of terms, and an extensive bibliography complete this masterful work of restoration."--BOOK JACKET.
Life in the ghettos during the Holocaust
The undying flame : ballads and songs of the holocaust
Prague palimpsest : writing, memory, and the city
The mellah of Marrakesh : Jewish and Muslim space in Morocco's red city
Yes, we sang! : songs of the ghettos and concentration camps
The Ghetto
The "final solution" in Riga : exploitation and annihilation, 1941-1944
Doublehits 1.
Nazi Germany and the Jews. Volume 1, The years of persecution, 1933-1939
The chronicle of the Łódź ghetto 1941-1944
In the Warsaw ghetto summer 1941
Ghetto : the invention of a place, the history of an idea
The Warsaw Ghetto : a guide to the perished city
The Yad Vashem encyclopedia of the ghettos during the Holocaust
The courageous heart of Irena Sendler
Yossel : April 19, 1943 : a story of the Warsaw ghetto uprising
Who will write our history? : Emanuel Ringelblum, the Warsaw Ghetto, and the Oyneg Shabes Archive
The zookeeper's wife : a war story
The Jews of Białystok during World War II and the Holocaust
The book of Aron
Yellow star
Holocaust landscapes
The geographical encyclopedia of the Holocaust in Hungary
The Devil's workshop
Urban outcasts : a comparative sociology of advanced marginality
The king of children
In and out of the ghetto : Jewish-gentile relations in late medieval and early modern Germany
"This book is a linguistic-cultural study of the emergence of the Jewish ghettos during the Holocaust. It traces the origins and uses of the term 'ghetto' in European discourse from the sixteenth century to the Nazi regime. It examines with a magnifying glass both the actual establishment of and the discourse of the Nazis and their allies on ghettos from 1939 to 1944. With conclusions that oppose all existing explanations and cursory examinations of the ghetto, the book impacts overall understanding of the anti-Jewish policies of Nazi Germany".
The Medici state and the ghetto of Florence : the construction of an early modern Jewish community
The last Nazi : Josef Schwammberger and the Nazi past
