http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1644 musicians
musicians
Grand Guignol Orchestra. 4
Porcelain : a memoir
Tom Waits on Tom Waits : interviews and encounters
Swing to bop - hep to hip : a study in jazz parlance
Every picture tells a story
The other me
A tribute to Keith Moon : (there is no substitute)
Me and the devil blues : the unreal life of Robert Johnson. 1
The keys : they don't want you to read this book
The compact cello : a complete guide to the cello and ten great composers
Notes and tones : musician-to-musician interviews
Avery Dare lives a quiet life in Miami as an online fashion/makeup video blogger. She has good friends, a close, large family and if her love life is lacking, she likes it that way. But when she receives an invitation to one of her ex's concerts along with an invitation to meet him back stage, she decides to take the risk...and comes face to face with the reality of his rock star lifestyle -- the press, the crowds, and the half naked groupies. When Avery is threatened by a stalker, it becomes evident Grey's fans not only don't want him to retire, they don't want Avery in his life either. And Avery isn't sure she wants the pressures that are part of Grey's life...but she doesn't want to lose him again, either.
Oasis : what's the story?
When they were boys : the true story of the Beatles' rise to the top
Drawing from new interviews with many of Lou Reed's artistic collaborators, friends, and romantic partners, as well as from archival material, concert footage, and unreleased bootlegs of live performances, Aidan Levy paints an intimate portrait of the notoriously uncompromising rock poet
Medical problems of performing artists : MPPA
The great jazz drummers
Man on the run : Paul McCartney in the 1970s
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
The best musicians' jokes : More than 500 jokes
Grand Guignol Orchestra. 2
Baker's biographical dictionary of musicians
Steppin' Razor : the life of Peter Tosh
Rock guitarists
Unstrung heroes : fifty guitar greats you should know
Classic rock drum solos
Princess Ai. Volume 3 : Evolution
Women in music : a bibliography
Fit as a fiddle : the musician's guide to playing healtycomposition for creative and critical thinking
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Ten ways not to commit suicide : a memoir
You are your instrument : the definitive musician's guide to practice and performance
Collected lyrics, 1970-2015
The right to play wrong : qualitative study about group music therapy experience of young musicians dealing with music performance anxiety
Princess Ai : Encounters
Hendrix the rocking horse
Waiting for the man : the story of drugs and popular music
The trumpet kings : The players who shaped the sound of jazz trumpet
Me and the devil blues : the unreal life of Robert Johnson. 2
Are you a fan of 5 Seconds of Summer, One Direction, The Vamps and other similar bands? Do you want to know all the inside info on your favourite music acts, from how they first got together to their relationships, likes, dislikes and interesting facts previously known only to those closest to the bands themselves? If so, then this is the book for you. Containing one hundred facts on each band (plus one final bonus fact on 5SOS) this book will make you the master of all rock and pop knowledge! So whether it’s Harry Styles and his mates, Luke Hemmings & co, Brad Simpson and friends or any of the other seven groups featured, this is the perfect book for you!
1001 amazing facts about the best bands : unofficial & unauthorised. Volume 1.
From the moment Jacqueline du Pré first held a cello at the age of five, it was clear she had an extraordinary gift. At sixteen, when she made her professional debut, she was hailed as one of the world's most talented and exciting musicians. But ten years later, she stopped playing virtually overnight, when multiple sclerosis removed the feeling in her hands just before a concert. It took fourteen more years for the crippling disease to take its final toll. In this uniquely revealing biography, Hilary and Piers du Pré have re-created the life they shared with their sister in astonishing personal detail, unveiling the private world behind the public face. With warmth and candor they recount Jackie's blissful love of the cello, her marriage to the conductor Daniel Barenboim, her compulsions, her suffering, and, above all, the price exacted by her talent on the whole family. For proud as they were of Jackie's enormous success, none of them was prepared for the profound impact her genius would have on each of their lives. . .
Snapshots
Bagpipes beasties and bogles
Have not been the same : the Canrock renaissance 1985-1995
Idris Elba : So, now what? : the biography
Song of time
Classic country : legends of country music
Shock and awe : glam rock and its legacy : from the seventies to the twenty-first century
To be a professional musician
The magic strings of Frankie Presto
Fontes artis musicae : Helsinki
New York rock : from the rise of the Velvet Underground to the fall of CBGB
World on a string : a musical memoir
Born to run
Living the jazz life : conversations with forty musicians about their careers in jazz
Patti Smith 1969-1976
The global and the local in Max Cavalera's music projects /.
A biography of Arthur Russell, an avant garde art musician & composer who produced popular dance music in the 1970s & 1980s
Blues unlimited : essential interviews from the original blues magazine
Signed, sealed, and delivered : the soulful journey of Stevie Wonder
Artist management for the music business
This is a prequel and new entry point in the best-selling Bodyguard series. Fame makes for an easy Target. Ash Wild is the most successful teen rock star in history. Millions of fans adore him. But one fanatic wants him dead. Surf champion and top bodyguard recruit Charley Hunter is assigned to protect the superstar on his sell-out US tour. But Ash isn't pleased to discover his new bodyguard is a girl. Faced with a growing number of death threats, several suspicious accidents and an unruly rock star, Charley has her work cut out keeping Ash alive on the tour. How will she spot a killer in a crowd of 50,000 screaming fans?
Masters of the keyboard
The voice of the blues : classic interviews from Living Blues Magazine
Encyclopedia of music in Canada = Encyclopédie de la musique au Canada
If I stay
The unimportance of being Oscar
Notions of professional musicianship
Duke Ellington in person : an intimate memoir
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Problem solution processes of musicians and engineers : what do their approaches look like?
The breathing gym : exercises to improve breath control and airflow : for band, chorus, and orchestral winds
Walk hard : the Dewey Cox story
Hilary and Jackie
Despite their central role in many forms of music-making, drummers have been largely neglected in the scholarly literature on music and education. But kit drummers are increasingly difficult to ignore. While exponents of the drum kit are frequently mocked in popular culture, they are also widely acknowledged to be central to the musical success and aesthetic appeal of any musical ensemble in which they are found. Drummers are also making their presence felt in music education, with increasing opportunities to learn their craft in formal contexts. Drawing on data collected from in-depth interviews and questionnaires, Gareth Dylan Smith explores the identities, practices and learning of teenage and adult kit drummers in and around London. As a London-based drummer and teacher of drummers, Smith uses his own identity as participant-researcher to inform and interpret other drummers' accounts of their experiences. Drummers learn in multi-modal ways, usually with a keen awareness of exemplars of their art and craft. The world of kit drumming is highly masculine, which presents opportunities and challenges to drummers of both sexes. Smith proposes a new model of the 'Snowball Self', which incorporates the constructs of identity realization, learning realization, meta-identities and contextual identities. Kit drummers' identities, practices and learning are found to be intertwined, as drummers exist in a web of interdependence. Drummers drum; therefore they are, they do, and they learn - in a rich tapestry of means and contexts.
Us conductors : in which I seek the heart of Clara Rockmore, my one true love, finest theremin player the world will ever know : a novel
Tupac Shakur : the life and times of an American icon
The vinyl closet / Gays in the music industry
The musician's breath : the role of breathing in human expression
M Train
I'm not with the band : a writer's life lost in music
The great instrumentalists in historic photographs
Musicians and the prevention of hearing loss
Reckless : My life as a Pretender
The tango machine : musical culture in the age of expediency
The Beatles book
Do artists do business or art? : performing artists on international artists management and career making in classical music
Elwood's blues : interviews with the blues legends & stars
I'll never write my memoirs
Country music originals : the legends & the lost
The guinnes who's who of blues
Playing (less) hurt : An injury prevention guide for musicians
Pres : the story of Lester Young
Duke Ellington and his world : a biography
Kurt Cobain : the Cobain Dossier
International who's who in music and musicians' directory
Dirty Blvd : the life and music of Lou Reed
This is grime
Hold on to your dreams : Arthur Russell and the downtown music scene, 1973-1992
Sisters in sanity
One three one : a time-shifting gnostic hooligan road novel
Musicweb encyclopaedia of popular music
The unspoken pressure of tradition : East Asian classical musicians in western classical music
The golden age of the piano : a documentary on the great pianists of the twentieth century
Adele : a celebration of an icon and her music
Grand Guignol Orchestra. 1
Q : The autobiography of Quincy Jones
Pioneers of rock and roll : 100 artists who changed the face of rock
Unknown pleasures : inside Joy Division
In the other words : artists talk about life and work
Aaron Shearer : a life with the guitar
This is all a dream we dreamed : an oral history of the Grateful Dead
B-sides and broken hearts
Storyville, New Orleans : being an authentic, illustrated account of the notorious red-light district
Careless whispers : the life & career of George Michael
Walking on the moon : the untold story of the Police and the rise of new wave rock
The musician's way : a guide to practice, performance, and wellness
Medical problems of performing artists
Nordic Highlights : newsletter from Gehrmans musikförlag & Fennica Gehrman
Children of the blues : 49 musicians shaping a new blues tradition
Who's who in music
Heaven and hell : my life in the Eagles (1974-2001)
Unleashed : The Story of Tool
Reverberations : interviews with the worlds leading musicians
The sound of soul
Finnish higher music education in turbulence
Snakes and ladders : my autobiography : a rock 'n' roll odyssey to Whitesnake
Krent Able's big book of mischief
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Twenty-seven : First set
The complete history of Black Sabbath : what evil lurks
Hunter Davies, the only ever authorised biographer of the group, brings together three eminent Beatles experts to compile an invaluable and essential guide. Divided into four sections – People, Songs, Places and Broadcast & Cinema – The Beatles Book covers every element of the band’s history and brings every influence that shaped the incredible Beatles phenomenon vividly to life. Hunter and his team have also rated entries to show how important, influential or meaningful that characteristic was in the history of their lives and creations.
Grand Guignol Orchestra. 5
Dare to rock
The rise, the fall, and the rise
Hunger makes me a modern girl : a memoir
The gigging musician : how to get, play and keep the gig
Giant steps : bebop and the creators of modern jazz 1945-65
Developing the musician : contemporary perspectives on teaching and learning
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Lemmy : the definitive biography
Zappa and jazz : Did it really smell funny, Frank?
The only pirate at the party
Between the strings : the secret lives of guitars
Buck 'em : the autobiography of Buck Owens
The classical guitar : its evolution, players and personalities since 1800
Woolgathering
Fortunate son : my life, my music
The golden age of the piano : A documentary on the great pianists of the twentieth century
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
I drum, therefore I am : being and becoming a drummer
Boring girls : a novel
Sound City
PBL is learning through becoming conscious of practical and abstract problems and finding ways how to solve them. It can be a pattern which doesn,t follow traditional divisions of disciplines. In this article the material was collected from two, in the first sight, very different groups. One was music students (N = 62) who had to learn to solve various practical and theoretical problems in preparing a program for a series of concerts as collective and individual action. The method used was the 7-step method which divides learning into seven phases proceeding from creating the social frame of reference and mental models (steps 1–4) through actual work (steps 5–6) to the evaluation of the outcomes (step 7). Another group consisted of international, multicultural business leaders in engineering (N = 6). In using earlier the 7-step method, the approaches resembled those of the music students: deepening their professional competences. To engage their ability to use imagination and connect reality with brainstorming and mental flexibility, the creative PBL method 635 was used. Three practical problems were solved so that the solutions included new viewpoints which would be applied to meet the real needs in the near future. The results show that not only were the learning targets of both groups reached but, with reflection included, the processes widened the professional competences of the participants.
Grand Guignol Orchestra. 3
Contemporary world musicians
Self-reported negative cognitions, reactive-reflexive positions and sources of fear in musical performance anxiety
Creative careers : paths for aspiring actors, artists, dancers, musicians and writers
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
Sabbath bloody sabbath
Garth Brooks : the illustrated story
This jazz man
Tapes, transgression and mundanity : the participatory engenderment of death metal and grindcore
Who's who of Indian musicians
In This is all a dream we dreamed, two of the most well-respected chroniclers of the Dead, Blair Jackson and David Gans, reveal the band’s story through the words of its members, their creative collaborators and peers, and a number of diverse fans, stitching together a multitude of voices into a seamless oral tapestry. Capturing the ebullient spirit at the group’s core, Jackson and Gans weave together a musical saga that examines the music and subculture that developed into its own economy, touching fans from all walks of life, from penniless hippies to celebrities, and at least one U.S. vice president. This definitive book traces the Dead’s evolution from its humble beginnings as a folk/bluegrass band playing small venues in Palo Alto to the feral psychedelic warriors and stadium-filling Americana jam band that blazed all the way through to the 90s. Along the way, we hear from many who were touched by the Dead - from David Crosby and Miles Davis, to Ken Kesey, Carolyn “Mountain Girl” Garcia, and a host of Merry Pranksters, to legendary concert promoter Bill Graham, and others.
Conversations with McCartney
Mingus : a critical biography
Black beauty, white heat : A pictorial history of classic jazz 1920-1950
All the things you are : the life of Tony Bennett
Marketing music on the internet and within social media : how individual folk musicians can promote themselves with little money
My first guitar : tales of true love and lost chords
The blues magazine
Fritz Kreisler : love's sorrow, love's joy
