http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16495 licences (permits)
licences (permits)
IT procurement handbook for SMEs
Licensing systems and inspection of nuclear installations 1986 : study
Report of the Workshop and Exchange of Views on Fiscal Reforms for Fisheries - to Promote Growth, Poverty Eradication and Sustainable Management : Rome, 13-15 October 2003
Licensing and the battle between standards
International licensing and the firm's capability positions : three Swedish cases
Contract negotiation handbook : software as a service
Software and internet law
Consideration of alternative licensing procedures for vaccines for minor species, minor indications and autogenous/autologous products : PEI Lecture Hall, Langen, Germany, October 29-31, 2003 : proceedings of a meeting organized by the International Association for Biologicals (IABs), and the Paul-Ehrlich-Institut (PEI)
Software product business: business models and processes : a practical approach to licensing principles and a software asset management
Open government data: legal, economical, and semantic web aspects
Intellectual property rights in north-south trade : technology transfer through FDI and licensing
Acquisition of technology through licensing in small firms
Collective management of copyright and related rights
Protecting and transferring biotech inventions
Importing of an international business chain to Finlad : feasibility study and implementing strategy
"Networks of Power in Copyright Law considers the challenge of creating a harmonised international market for digital services. Pursuing an interdisciplinary perspective on the question of how copyright law remains restrictive, the book addresses the role of industry representatives, collecting societies and legislative/executive bodies in the development of contemporary digital copyright law. Focusing on the European Union, Benjamin Farrand argues that the harmonisation of copyright law is largely defined by the power relationships between legislative/executive bodies and industry representatives"--
Software protection, licensing and enforcement in China
Patent licensing and EEC competition rules regulation 2349/84
The European Patent Convention : a commentary. Volume 2, Procedural Patent Law - Article 90 to Article 178
Some legal issues with open content licensing in Europe
Licensing agreements : patents, know-how, trade secrets and software
TRIPS, pharmaceuticals and compulsory licensing
The musician's guide to licensing music  : how to get music into film, TV, advertising, digital media, and beyond / Darren Wilsey with Deanna Schwartz
Technology development and transfer : the transactional and legal environment
Economics of intellectual property : evaluating and modelling patent disputes and licensing
The interpretation of licensing agreements : time for a reassessment
The role of board members in venture-backed companies
Abstract:.
The new role of intellectual property in commercial transactions : recent trends in the valuation, exploitation and protection of intellectual property
Licensing royalty rates : 2007 edition
Guide to licensing and acquiring electronic information
Essentials of licensing intellectual property
Licensing in libraries : practical and ethical aspects
International broadcasting by satellite : issues of regulation, barriers to communication
Selling the silver bullet : the lone ranger and transmedia brand licensing
Selling television formats as a form of international trade in television industry : Opportunity knocks for the Finnish independent production companies?
Research handbook on intellectual property licensing
Lizenzverträge : Patente, Gebrauchsmuster, Know-how, Computer-Software : kommentierte Vertragsmuster nach deutchem und europäischem Recht = License agreements : patents, utility models, know-how, computer software : annotated sample contracts under European and German law
Licensing best practices : strategic, territorial, and technology issues
Negotiating licences for digital resources
Emerging issues in intellectual property : trade, technology and market freedom: essays in honour of Herchel Smith
Working within the boundaries of intellectual property : innovation policy for the knowledge society
Licensing of on-demand music streaming services : a comparison between the Nordic countries and the U.S. with focus on possible improvements to the licensing system
Compulsory licensing of standard-essential patents and injuctive relief as abuse of dominant position in violation of Article 102 TFEU
Software licensing
Free and open source software licensing : and the mystery of licensor's patents
Computer software and information licensing in emerging markets : the need for a viable legal framework
Heritage in the digital era
How to be fringesafe at the Edinburgh festival fringe : the definitive venue manager's handbook 2001/2002
Risk management of adopting free and open source software in proprietary development enterprises
Intellectual property and competition law. : new frontiers
Nanotechnology commercialization for managers and scientists
EC competition law handbook : 2006/2007 edition
Franchising : practice and precedents in business format franchising
Gene patents and collaborative licensing models : patent pools, clearinghouses, open source models, and liability regimes
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 2, Trade mark cases 1973-1977
The innovation handbook: how to profit from your ideas, intellectual property and market knowledge
Licensing and managing electronic resources
Sports marketing agreements : legal, fiscal and practical aspects
EU technology licensing
Balancing the conflict of interests between competition law and intellectual property rights
Third party software component management - the sourcing point of view
Coauthored by two industry pioneers with more than 60 years of combined experience, this breakthrough volume of the Basics of Licensing series offers both the novice and veteran alike proven, practical insights on how to maximize their position in the world of licensing. From the fundamentals of securing intellectual property rights to the finer points of contract negotiation, product development, marketing strategy, and more, no repertoire is complete without this immensely valuable resource. Also included, in addition to the core commentary provided in every chapter, is a set of appendices featuring useful administrative templates and licensing form agreements derived from actual transactions. The helpful advice and professional insights conveyed here are enhanced by practical definitions of licensing terminology, a detailed history of the licensing industry, and analysis of contractual terms and their implications.
Value created by IPR licensing
Practical approach to software licensing
The survey of library database licensing practices, 2012 edition
Intellectual property and article 82 : refusal to licence
Intelligent multimedia : managing creative works in a digital world / edited by Danièle  Bourcier ... [et al.]
Business agreements in the single market
Domestic and international joint venture and licensing decisions: effects of location, insider ownership, and firm size
How to be fringe safe : the technical handbook 2000.
Industrial air pollution handbook
The legal framework of TRIPS compulsory licence system reflected on access to medicines
Innovation and competition policy
Networks of power in digital copyright law and policy : political salience, expertise and the legislative process
Creative ideas for intellectual property : the ATRIP papers 2000-2001 = des idées innovatrices pour la propriété intellectuelle : rapports ATRIP 2000-2001
Open source software as part of commercial software delivery : risk management
Technology-driven corporate alliances : a legal guide for executives
How can 'teaching and research exceptions' be justified within the EU Copyright Directive (EUCD), in conjunction with the member states' interpretations and implementations?
Copyright for library and information service professionals
Extended collective licences : the compatibility of the Nordic solution with the international conventions and EC law
Linking copyleft open source software
Biotechnology entrepreneurship : from science to solutions
Internet and the law : legal fundamentals for the Internet user
The rise of open source licensing : a challenge to the use of intellectual property in the software industry
Intellectual property : licensing and joint venture profit strategies
This paper is an overview on the Open Government Data (OGD) environment in the EU. It aims to point out the relevant legal issues together with the economic aspects arising from the disclosure and exploitation of OGD. Therefore, the paper highlights the noteworthy technological aspects related with the opening of OGD datasets. This survey is based on an interdisciplinary approach. Interdisciplinarity in the digital environment means that OGD should be considered as an integrated, interoperable and collaborative ecosystem. The main legislative source taken into account for the survey is the Directive 2003/98/EC on the re-use of public sector information as recently amended by the Directive 37/2013/EU..
Litwak's multimedia producer's handbook : a legal and distribution guide
Interpretation of licensing agreements : new trends under way?
Asset management in customer relation with Stora Enso
Distributed license management system with web services
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements
Licensing, software synergy, and indirect network externalities
The prehistory and development of intellectual property systems
The long-term contract : contract law and contracting
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Patents, innovation and economic performance
Franchising & licensing : two powerful ways to grow your business in any economy
Lizenzverträge : Patente, Gebrauchsmuster, Know-how, Coputer Software : Kommentierte Vertragsmuster nach deutschem und europäischem Recht = Licence agreements : patents, utility models, know-how, computer software : annotated sample contracts under German and European law
Kohn on music licensing
Innovation and technology transfer for the growing firm : text and cases
Abstract: Distributed license management system with web services.
Calculation of royalties in compulsory licensing of pharmaceutical patents in developed countries : how much is justified?
International agency, distribution and licensing agreements. First supplement to the fourth edition
Reciprocity under the GNU General Public licenses
Licensing guide for developing countries : a guide on the legal aspects of the negotiation and preparation of industrial property licenses and technology transfer agreements appropriate to the needs of developing countries
Lizenzverträge : Patente, Gebrauchsmuster, Know-how, Computer Software : kommentierte Vertragsmuster nach deutschem und europäischem Recht = License agreements : patents, utility models, know-how, computer software : annotated sample contracts under German and European law
Licensing
The purpose of this thesis is to introduce the software product business, business models and processes and give a practical approach to licensing principles and a software asset management. The software product business is living a new era due to break-through innovations concerning application, workstation and server virtualization. This process has influenced on the whole branch and forced manufacturers, distributors and resellers to their licensing policies and earning logics. The ICT-cluster is in front of the new challenges, because of the shortened life cycle of the products and continuously moving economical aspects caused by the customers, which are not willing to pay according to same licensing principles as before. The software asset management is both the challenge and the answer for the customer organizations to get direct and indirect software licensing savings and better license management. The traditional licensing policy and management are the challenges for the customers and the changes mentioned above will make it more difficult than ever. The need of the overall understanding is to acquire dedicated persons or specialized service providers to plan and manage the software asset management processes to get the best possible features and benefits of the software asset management concept. The added-value of this thesis is to give a set of tools to understand the complex licensing policy and pay attention to the possibilities of the software asset management concept.
Determinants of inter-firm technology licensing : theory and evidence
Advanced legal strategies for buying and selling computers and software
Analyzing the nature of creative commons licenses
Licensing technology
Software licensing : principles and practical strategies
Development, ownership and future challenges in open source projects
Art Inc : the essential guide for building your career as an artist
Orphan works in the Information Age : comparative study on the regulatory problem and the best possible solution
Explaining open source
"Focusing in particular on legislative initiatives concerning copyright and the internet, this book seeks to explain the reasons why copyright law in the EU has developed in a way perceived to be unduly restrictive yet fundamentally unable to address issues of the territoriality of copyright. Using an inter-disciplinary approach that combines legal analysis with political theory, such as Foucault's Networks of Power and Culpepper's Quiet Politics, Farrand explores how success in lobbying for changes in copyright law is the result of complex network relationships, perceptions of industry expertise, and the comparatively low political importance of copyright reform to the average European citizen. Networks of Power in Digital Copyright Law and Policy: Political Salience, Expertise and the Legislative Process therefore presents an original socio-political theoretical framework for assessing developments in Copyright Law.Written with clarity and new insight, this book will be accessible to those new to the areaa of political theory and EU Law, as well as being eminently suited to researchers and post-graduate students of law and politics"--
The changing landscape for electronic resources : content, access, delivery, and legal issues
Managing digital resources in libraries
Basics of licensing
Cryptographic software export controls in the EU
Licensing best practices : the LESI guide to strategic issues and contemporary realities
Open source software law
Impact of competition law on licensing practices - Compulsory licensing as a remedy for abuse of dominant position under Article 82 of the EC treaty
Buyer power in content distribution : unfair conditions imposed on content creators as abuse of dominant position?
Sport promotion and sales management
Models for an international technology licensing agreement
Licensing rights in technology : a legal guide for managers in negotiations
Global marketing and export management
Intellectual property law in Asia
Compliance in permissive and reciprocal open source licenses
International licensing agreements
The international transfer of technology : theory, issues, and practice
Graphical user interface for creating licenses
Licensing as an international market entry mode : case: Eurodrinks Oy's entering Vietnamese alcoholic beverage market
Proceedings : The 11th NRDO Conference, 25-28 June 1991, Finland
Industrial property law in the Common Market. Vol. 1, Industrial property cases from Common Market Law Reports
Networked Private Video Recorders - the next Sony Betamax case? : Finnish Lawmakers and Case Law Shed Light on Copyright Issues in Next Generation Entertainment Solution
Electronic licensing - the consortium model of the finnish research libraries
The importance of license pricing decisions in software business
Secrets of success in brand licensing
The European Patent Convention : a commentary
Software licensing handbook
Purchasing Criteria in Technology Licensing: An Empirical Study with some Benchmarking Implications
Know-how licensing agreements and the EEC competition rules regulation 556/89
Anite Finland Ltd. is a Finnish based company providing a full range of software and hardware solutions for the mobile network testing. The Nemo product portfolio consists of several products from handheld measurement tools all the way to the powerful data analysing server solutions. The main customers are mobile operators all around the world. Anti-piracy and copy protecting is a serious business, as there are skilful people trying to break the copy protections for illegal income or to gain reputation among the hacker scene. This is where the well-functioning licensing tool comes to question. In this document, licensing is a synonym for copy protection. Regarding the mobile device products, it was decided that the previous licensing method was outdated and was not flexible enough for use of today. There was a serious need for a faster and more efficient way of creating multiple licenses. When having classified data, it is mandatory to have it encrypted. There are several ways of encrypting the data but some algorithms have gained reputation over others. There are two main categories in data encryption; symmetric and asymmetric encryption. In the symmetric encryption, the same key is used for data encryption and for decryption. The most common symmetric encryption algorithm today is the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), which utilizes Rijndael-algorithm. In the asymmetric encryption, there are two different keys called the private key and the public key. One key is used for encryption and the other key is used for decryption. One of the most well performing asymmetric encryption algorithms is the RSA. Cloud services and cloud computing are making their way to the everyday use in the software development business. All major service providers, including Microsoft, Google and Amazon are providing their own solutions for each cloud computing service layers. The “Platform as a Service” (PaaS) -layer is an effective combination of outsourced computing power with a rather flexible software development environment. The Google App Engine is Google’s version of PaaS, and it is available for free and it offers development tools for Python, Java, PHP and Go.
EC competition law and licensing agreements
Market opening in search equilibrium : should licences to pollute be tradable?
Are drugs produced under compulsory license free from article 31(f) limitations? : solution to "paragraph 6" problem
WIPO guide on the licensing of copyright and related rights
Licensing strategies and performance: an empirical analysis in the global pharmaceutical industry
Compulsory licensing and access to medicines in the TRIPS-compliant world : Anti-HIV drugs in Sub-Sahara Africa
The application of article 81 to licensing : a study on the new EU competition policy on technology transfer
Developing licensing strategies for technology : case: MyOrigo Oy (Ltd)
The Privatization of Public Knowledge : Innovation Policy and Intellectual Property Rights at the University of Helsinki
