http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16458 psychiatrists
psychiatrists
The patient as text : the role of the narrator in psychiatric notes, 1890-1990
Undertaker of the mind : John Monro and mad-doctoring in eighteenth-century England
Psychiatry in transition : the British and Italian experiences
I never promised you a rose garden : with a new afterword by the author
More or less than human : the influence of shame on psychological distress
The last victim : a novel
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
Anna Liza and the happy practice
The life and work of Wilhelm Reich
Abstract.
Unique aspects of the professional identity of tattooed psychologists : the professional self-esteem, sense of not belonging and intentional behavior modeling of four tattooed professionals from the field of psychology and psychiatry
Psychopharmacology as part of treatment of anorexia nervosa inpatients : a clinical retrospective study
Second thoughts : selected papers on psycho-analysis
Lacan in America
Polarity : Volume one
A dream of ice
Every fifteen minutes
Dr. Mukti and other tales of woe
The hypnotist
The history of clinical psychology in autobiography. Volume 2
The last time I saw her : a novel
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients : a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Memories, dreams, reflections
Motivations for entering psychiatry : a survey of Finnish psychiatrists and residents
The Freud/Jung letters : the correspondence between Sigmund Freud and C. C. Jung
Dear Dr. Menninger : women's voices from the thirties
Mad to be normal : conversations with R.D. Laing
Telemental health : clinical, technical, and administrative foundations for evidence-based practice
Introducing Jung
A mind to murder : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
Her last whisper : a novel
The astonishing account of the decades-long cocaine use of Sigmund Freud and William Halsted. The author discusses the physical and emotional damage caused by the constant use of the then-heralded wonder drug, and of how each man ultimately changed the world in spite of it - or because of it.
Prenatal and perinatal risk factors for bipolar disorder
15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver From E. Lockhart, author of the best-seller We Were Liars, and the highly-acclaimed The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, comes this hilarious and heart-warming series. Ruby Oliver is fifteen and has a shrink. But before you make up your mind about her, you should know that she has had a pretty awful (and eventful) past ten days.
Outcome in psychiatric outpatient services : reliability, validity and outcome based on routine assessments with the GAF scale
Unlocking the golden cage : an intimate biography of Hilde Bruch, M.D
Psychiatria Fennica. 2009, 40th annual volume
Madhouse : a tragic tale of megalomania and modern medicine
Abstract: The finnish psychiatric health services in the 1990's from the point of view of historical continuity.
R. D. Laing : a biography
The mummy at the dining room table : eminent therapists reveal their most unusual cases and what they teach us about human behavior
Running with scissors : a memoir
Polarity. Volume one
Alcatraz Island : memoirs of a Rock Doc
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume two, Years of maturity 1901-1919
Every Fifteen Minutes
Love at Goon Park : Harry Harlow and the science of affection
Adolescents with their first episode of schizophrenia spectrum psychosis : a comparison with adolescents suffering from other severe mental disorders
The pleasure of thinking : a journey through the sideways leaps of ideas
The last kiss goodbye : a novel
Where my heart used to beat
The history of clinical psychology in autobiography. Volume 1
With a summary in Swedish.
All is not forgotten
A dangerous method
The fourth deadly sin
History of madness
Explaining job satisfaction and job control : a survey among Finnish psychiatrists
Parkinson's disease and depression : clinical and neurobiological studies
The sorrows of an American
David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong--and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets / WorldCat.
Cracked : why psychiatry is doing more harm than good
"Issues like this have an impact" : the need-adapted treatment of psychosis and the psychiatrist's inner dialogue
Delays in the progress of developmental skills among adolescent schizophrenia patients with and without a co-morbid pervasive developmental disorder
Madness and civilization : a history of insanity in the age of reason
Brain and conscious experience : study week September 28 Oktober 4, 1964, of the Pontificia Academia Scientiarum
R. D. Laing : a divided self : a biography
Occupational therapy in mental health : a journal of psychosocial practice & research
Cognitive functions in depression and anxiety disorders : findings from a population-based study
Emotions, Somatization and Psychiatric Symptoms among the Akan
Dr Neruda's cure for evil
Journal of psychiatric and mental health nursing
Entering the circle : ancient secrets of Siberian wisdom discovered by a Russian psychiatrist
"Enveloped in the dark inner kingdom of her schizophrenia, sixteen-year-old Deborah is haunted by private tormentors that isolate her from the outside world. With the reluctant and fearful consent of her parents, she enters a mental hospital where she will spend the next three years battling to regain her sanity with the help of a gifted psychiatrist. As Deborah struggles toward the possibility of the 'normal' life she and her family hope for, the reader is inexorably drawn into her private suffering and deep determination to confront her demons. A modern classic, I Never Promised You a Rose Garden remains every bit as poignant, gripping, and relevant today as when it was first published." -- (Back Cover)
The origins of modern psychiatry
Alzheimer : the life of a physician and the career of a disease
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric outpatients
What Fanon said : a philosophical introduction to his life and thought
Therapy
R. D. Laing: creative destroyer
American journal of psychiatry
Group psychoeducation for forensic long-term patients with schizophrenia
Sigmund Freud : the man and his theories
Recollections and reflections
The conscience of psychiatry : the reform work of Peter R. Breggin
Great thinkers
The hiding place
Long-term alcohol use in adolescence and neurocognition : a preliminary study
A Dangerous Method
Study orientations of medical students attending the summer school psychiatry program
The wheel of life : a memoir of living and dying
Her last whisper
Mental health problems among the Swedish reindeer-herding Sami population : in perspective of intersectionality, organisational culture and acculturation
Man's search for meaning
Critical perspectives on mental health
Side effects
The last time I saw her
Aiding and abetting : a novel
Psychiatry summer school in Satakunta in 2013 : a novel way of introducing psychiatry to medical students
Occupational therapy in mental health
The boyfriend list
Bruno Bettelheim : the other side of madness
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients:a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
R. D. Laing : a personal view
A most dangerous method : the story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein
Telepsychiatry services in Finland
The facts of life
Shrink rap : three psychiatrists explain their work
The swan thieves : a novel
Before I go to sleep : a novel
R.D. Laing : a life
All in the mind
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
The wing of madness : the life and work of R. D. Laing
Book of the dead
Entering the circle : a Russian psychiatrist's journey into Siberian shamanism
Before I go to sleep
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
ADVENTURE / THRILLER. The last time criminal psychology expert Dr Charlotte 'Charlie' Stone helped capture a serial killer, it was nearly the last thing she ever did. Now she's determined to stick to research - and leave risk-taking to the law. But when dangerous duty calls, she can't refuse. And there's no greater danger than the 'Cinderella Killer', a charming predator who lures beautiful, single women to their deaths. FBI agent Lena Kaminsky fears her missing sister has fallen prey to the seductive psychopath, and desperately needs Charlie's unique skills before it's too late. Joined by Special Agents Tony Bartoli, Buzz Crane - and her ghostly bad-boy lover, Michael Garland - Charlie heads to Vegas to track down Lena's sister before the Cinderella Killer seals her fate. But it's Charlie who ends up gambling with her life, when the lethal lothario decides she's just his type ...
Man's search for meaning : an introduction to logotherapy
Conduct disorder among girls: violent behaviour, suicidality and comorbidity:
a study of adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Freud : master and friend
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Oxford textbook of psychiatry
Telling madness : narrative, diagnosis, power, and literary theory
An anatomy of addiction : Sigmund Freud, William Halsted and the miracle drug cocaine
The Cambridge companion to Jung
Early-onset depressive disorders, related mental health disorders and substance use-a prospective, longitudinal study of finnish twins born 1983-1987
Oxford textbook of philosophy and psychiatry
Sigmund Freud : life and work. Volume one, The young Freud 1856-1900
The boyfriend list : 15 guys, 11 shrink appointments, 4 ceramic frogs and me, Ruby Oliver
Of two minds : the growing disorder in American psychiatry
Shrinks : the untold story of psychiatry
The last kiss goodbye
An unquiet mind : a memoir of moods and madness
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
R. D. Laing : contemporary perspectives
Eero Heikki Valanteen (1920-1972) kirjallinen toiminta vuosina 1947-1972 = Bibliography of Eero Heikki Valanne (1920-1972) years 1947-1972
Tiivistelmä: Pakon käyttö psykiatristen potilaiden sairaalahoidossa Suomessa : osio yhteispohjoismaista projektia Paternalism and Autonomy.
You can't hide
Marilyn's last sessions : a novel
Somatization in young adults:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
The examined life : how we lose and find ourselves
How best to evaluate and monitor learning in specialist training in psychiatry?
Cogitations
Where my heart used to beat : a novel
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
