http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16496 Thirty Years' War
Thirty Years' War
Conflicting words : the Peace Treaty of Münster (1648) and the political culture of the Dutch Republic and the Spanish monarchy
Scotland and the Thirty Years' War, 1618-1648
Alexander Leslie and the Scottish generals of the Thirty years' war, 1618-1648
Europe's tragedy : a new history of the Thirty years war
Europe's tragedy : a new history of the Thirty Years War
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 4, The decline of Spain and the Thirty years war, 1609-48/49
The Thirty years' war
War peace and science during the Thirty Years War
Reason of state, propaganda, and the Thirty Years' War : an unknown translation
Swedish aspirations and the Russian market during the 17th century
Battles of the Thirty Years War : from White Mountain to Nordlingen, 1618-1635
Grey eminence ; study in religion and politics
The thirty years' war
1648 and European Security Proceedings, Stockholm October 15-16, 1998
The Jesuits and the Thirty Years War : kings, courts, and confessors
Exorcising the ghost of Westphalia : building world order in the new millennium
A deadly continental struggle, the Thirty Years War devastated seventeenth-century Europe, killing nearly a quarter of all Germans and laying waste to towns and countryside alike. In a major reassessment, Wilson argues that religion was not the catalyst, but one element in a lethal stew of political, social, and dynastic forces that fed the conflict--a conflict that ultimately transformed the map of the modern world.
London's news press and the Thirty Years War
The Thirty Years War
The horrific series of conflicts known as the Thirty Years War (1618-48) tore the heart out of Europe, killing perhaps a quarter of all Germans and laying waste to whole areas of Central Europe to such a degree that many towns and regions never recovered. All the major European powers apart from Russia were heavily involved and, while each country started out with rational war aims, the fighting rapidly spiralled out of control, with great battles giving way to marauding bands of starving soldiers spreading plague and murder. The war was both a religious and a political one and it was this tangle of motives that made it impossible to stop. Whether motivated by idealism or cynicism, everyone drawn into the conflict was destroyed by it. At its end a recognizably modern Europe had been created but at a terrible price. Peter Wilson's book is a major work, the first new history of the war in a generation, and a fascinating, brilliantly written attempt to explain a compelling series of events. Wilson's great strength is in allowing the reader to understand the tragedy of mixed motives that allowed rulers to gamble their countries' future with such horrifying results. The principal actors in the drama (Wallenstein, Ferdinand II, Gustavus Adolphus, Richelieu) are all here, but so is the experience of the ordinary soldiers and civilians, desperately trying to stay alive under impossible circumstances. The extraordinary narrative of the war haunted Europe's leaders into the twentieth century (comparisons with 1939-45 were entirely appropriate) and modern Europe cannot be understood without reference to this dreadful conflict.
1648 : war and peace in Europe
The Thirty Years War : a documentary history
The story of war : church and propaganda in France and Sweden 1610–1710
The Peace of Westphalia : a historical dictionary
1635 : the tangled web
The thirty years war
Portraying the political culture of both the Catholic Monarchy and the United Provinces, this work analyses the views held in both territories concerning the points which were discussed in pamphlets and treatises published during the peace negotiations. It also traces the origin of the arguments presented, showing how they were transformed during the period under study, and discusses their influence, or presence, in the diplomatic negotiations among the ambassadors of the United Provinces and the Catholic Monarchy in the German town of Münster. These discussions are inserted in the wider framework of a Christian realm that had to reassess its own values as a consequence of the confessionalisation process and the Thirty Years' War, which affected not only the Empire but, in one way or another, all Central and Western Europe.
The Holy Roman Empire
Eyewitness accounts of the Thirty Years War, 1618-48
Muscovy and Sweden in the Thirty Years' War
Spain & Sweden in the baroque era (1600-1660) : international congress records
Military occupation under the eyes of the Lord : studies in Erfurt during the Thirty Years War
Honour and the sword
Identity, interest and action : a cultural explanation of Sweden's intervention in the Thirty Years War
The iron princess : Amalia Elisabeth and the Thirty Years War
The thirty years war : the Holy Roman Empire and Europe, 1618-1648
The New Cambridge modern history. 4, The decline of Spain and the Thirty Years war, 1609-48/59
The German military entrepreuner Ernst von Mansfeld and his conduct of asymmetrical warfare in the Thirty Years War
The Thirty Years War : Europe's tragedy
The hero of Italy : Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma, his soldiers, and his subjects in the Thirty Years' War
The Thirty Years' War : problems of motive, extent, and effect
The Gothic tradition and the North : the image of Gustavus Adolphus and his men in seventeenth century Spain
The new Cambridge modern history. Vol. 4, The decline of Spain and the Thirty years war, 1609-48/59
The autobiography of the British soldier : from Agincourt to Basra, in his own words
The Ashgate research companion to the Thirty Years' War
The army of Gustavus Adolphus. 1, Infantry
