http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16400 wolf
wolf Canis lupus
Spice & Wolf. vol. 10
The wolf who wanted to change his color
Spice & Wolf. vol. 6
Mr Wolf's pancakes
The complete wolf
The reckoning
Wolf trouble
Sylvie and Star
Wolf totem
The three pigs
The mane attraction
Assessing wolf's (Canis lupus) population size in Southwestern Finland using genetic methods
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't wash
Wolfie : the bunny
Beware of the storybook wolves
Wolf brother
Wolf : spirit of the wild : a celebration of wolves in word and image
The mane event
The three little misses and the big bad wolf
A hunger like no other
Wolf with benefits
Wolverine habitat selection, diet and conservation genetics
The three ninja pigs
Little Wolf's haunted hall for small horrors
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (<em>Canis lupus</em>) in human-altered environment in Finland
The boy who cried wolf
The complete Elfquest. Volume two
Đu'ng vay nu'a Ret Rai-ding Hut! = Not again, Red Riding Hood!
Never cry wolf
Little Red Ridinghood : a fairy tale by Grimm
The wolf is not invited
A wolf called Romeo
White Fang
Trichinella spp. in wolves in Finland
Ab dobarah nahin, Red Raiding Hud! = Not again, Red Riding Hood!
Warning cry
Spice & Wolf. [8]
Wolves
Red Riding Hood and the sweet little wolf
The order of wolves
The wolf : the ecology and behaviour of an endangered species
The complete Elfquest. Volume one
The biggest baddest wolf
The hunter and the hunted
The Scallywags blow their top!
Shiver
Philosophy of wolf policies 1 : general principles and preliminary exploration of selected norms
A bioeconomic approach to wolf population management
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
The talisman
The complete Elfquest. Volume three
The call of the wild ; White fang ; The sea-wolf ; 40 short stories
Winston the book wolf
Food habits and ecology of wolves on barren-ground caribou range in the Northwest Territories
Little red
The sight
The legend of Zelda : twilight princess HD : Wii U.
Clean sweep
Black wolf's revenge
Magic stars
Out of the woods
Brand of the pack
Red Riding Hood marratan ukhrá, la!  = Not again, Red Riding Hood!
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
Foxes, wolves and wild dogs of the world
Wolf won't bite!
Alpha and Omega
Summit of the wolf
Spice & Wolf. vol. 9 : Town of strife. II
Ecology and conservation of wolves in a changing world
Under the gun
BB Wolf and the three LPs
Willowgrove
Who ate auntie Iris?
The three little pigs : based on a traditional folk tale
Night of 1,000 wolves
Mr Wolf and the enormous turnip
The jungle book : Mowgli's story
Predators : the whole tooth-and-claw story
Walk with a wolf
The beast in him
What's the time, grandma Wolf?
Not now, mrs Wolfe!
The three little pigs
Thornhill
Wolves : a portrait of the animal world
Gathering voices
Wolf who cried boy!
Howl for it
Whiffy Wilson : the wolf who wouldn't go to school
Elfquest. Book 6, The secret of two-edge
Into the woods
Silver wolf clan
Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
Twilight and history
The call of the wild & White Fang
A tale of two wolves
Bridget and the gray wolves
New blood : original visions of Elfquest
Scarred, solitary Derek Gaunt has separated from his Pack, and is truly a lone wolf. With no family he answers to no one; but is fiercely loyal to a chosen few. So, when several of those close to him are murdered, he'll stop at nothing to hunt their killer through the magic-drenched streets of Atlanta. Never one to be left on the sidelines, equally determinedsome might say stubborn Julie Lennart-Olsen soon joins in his pursuit; and what began as revenge turns into a race to save the city. Their search pits them against powers they never imagined and magic so old, it predates history.
Tout à coup! = Suddenly!
Wicked deeds on a winter's night
Spice & Wolf. vol. 3
The werewolf megapack : 22 classic and modern tales of shape-shifters!
The wolf's footprint
The wolf wilder
Spice & Wolf. vol. 2
Wolf camp
Spice & Wolf. vol. 5
The call of the wild
Sweep in peace
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
Big bad beast
Spice & Wolf. vol. 8 : Town of strife. I
Spice & Wolf. vol. 4
The big bad rumour
Little Wolf's book of badness
Amazing wolves dogs & foxes
Selection and genetic diversity in the major histocompatibility complex genes of wolves and dogs
The wolves in the walls
Spice & Wolf. vol. 7 : Side colors
By blood we live
Pocket apocalypse
The jungle book
Firstborn
Wicked wolf tales
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (Canis lupus) in human-altered environment in Finland
Elfquest bedtime stories : new old favorite tales
City of bones
Wolf!
A bear-y tale
Chronicles of ancient darkness omnibus : Wolf brother, Spirit walker, Soul eater
Little Red Riding Hood
White fang
One fell sweep
Hungry like the wolf
Spice & Wolf. vol. 1
White fang and The call of the wild
Magic shifts
Becoming Alpha
Hold the dark
Footprints in the snow
There's never been a female on the Dallas SWAT team and Senior Corporal Xander Riggs prefers it that way. The elite pack of alpha male wolfshifters is no place for a woman. But Khaki Blake is no ordinary woman. When Khaki walks through the door attractive as hell and smelling like heaven, Xander doesn't know what the heck to do. Worse, she's put under his command and Xander's protective instincts go on high alert. When things start heating up both on and off the clock, it's almost impossible to keep their heads in the game and their hands off each other.
Condition-dependence of male sexual signalling in the drumming wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Past and present genetic diversity and structure of the Finnish wolf population
The wolves of Mount McKinley
