http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16463 communion
communion
Liturgies of the Spanish and Portuguese Reformed Episcopal Churches
Knowledge and the coming kingdom : the Didache's meal ritual and its place in early Christianity
The Didache : its Jewish sources and its place in early Judaism and Christianity
Irenaeus of Lyons on baptism and eucharist : selected texts with introduction, translation, and annotation
The sanctus in the eucharistic prayer
Leonardo and The Last Supper
Eucharistic sacramentality in an ecumenical context : the Anglican epiclesis
The touch of the sacred : the practice, theology, and tradition of Christian worship
The heavenly banquet : understanding the divine liturgy
The Lord's supper in Methodism 1791-1960
A real presence : religious and social dynamics of the Eucharistic conflicts in early modern Augsburg 1520-1530
Commission on education : report 1957-1963 : document No. 16 : fourth assembly of the Lutheran World Federation, July 30-August 11, 1963, Helsinki, Finland
All over the world Christian communities meet on Sunday morning for worship. But what really happens during a worship service? How do worshipers participate in the service? What does it mean to sing, pray, and celebrate the Lord's Supper together? What do worshipers do when they listen to a sermon? In The Touch of the Sacred Gerrit Immink offers thoughtful theological reflection on the religious practice of worship services in the Protestant tradition. He develops a theology of worship with a clear focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ as he explores the meaning of worship, the mystery of Christ, the sacraments, prayer, and preaching. Ultimately, he says, something dynamic happens when a church congregation speaks and acts: it is touched by the sacred, by a very encounter with the living God.
On the divine liturgy
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of the Church
Why priests? : a failed tradition
The use of the means of grace : a statement on the practice of Word and sacrament
The eucharistic communion and the world
The problem of intercommunion from an orthodox point of view : a Biblical and ecclesiological study
Modern ecumenical documents on the ministry
The Eucharistic celebration : the source and summit of faith
Theology, rhetoric, and politics in the Eucharistic controversy, 1078-1079 : Alberic of Monte Cassino against Berengar of Tours
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist and ministry
Liturgy and muse : the Eucharistic prayer
The mass
The Lord's supper
The Anglican eucharist in New Zealand, 1814-1989
Commentary on the eucharist
Eucharist and church fellowship in the first four centuries
God is near us : the Eucharist, the heart of life
And taking bread ... : Cerularius and the azyme controversy of 1054
Grace and gratitude : the eucharistic theology of John Calvin
The Eucharist and human liberation
The eucharist makes the Church : Henri de Lubac and John Zizioulas in dialogue
BEM at 25 : critical insights into a continuing legacy
The Eucharistic epiclesis : a detailed history from the patristic to the modern era
Eucharist, bishop, church : the unity of the church in the divine Eucharist and the bishop during the first three centuries
Leonardo's Last Supper: the restoration
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
Why it matters : a popular introduction to the baptism, eucharist and ministry text
Understanding the gift of communion : the Quest for a shared self-understanding of the Lutheran Communion : a reader
Early Christian worship : a basic introduction to ideas and practice
Living the Eucharist : affirming Catholicism and the liturgy
Eucharist and eschatology
Sacrifice and redemption : Durham essays in theology
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 2
Leonardo's Last supper : precedents and reflections
Ingesting Jesus : eating and drinking in the Gospel of John
Hunger, bread and eucharist
Venite Adoremus : World's Student Christian Federation prayer book. 1.
I offered Christ : a Protestant study of the Mass
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue I-III
Sacrament, sacrifice and eucharist : the meaning, function, and use of the Lord's supper
This is my body : Luther's contention for the real presence in the Sacrament of the Altar
Church of Churches : the ecclesiology of communion
Change and transformation : essays in Anglican history
Bread of heaven : customs and practices surrounding Holy communion : essays in the history of liturgy and culture
Cornelius Henrici Hoen (Honius) and his Epistle on the eucharist (1525) : medieval heresy, Erasmian humanism and reform in the early sixteenth-century Low Countries
A companion to the eucharist in the Reformation
The annotated Luther. Volume 3, Church and sacraments
The man and the vine
Made flesh : sacrament and poetics in post-Reformation England
A short history of Christian theophagy
Towards an ecumenical consensus : baptism, eucharist, ministry
Norms for the distribution and reception of Holy Communion under both kinds in the dioceses of the United States of America
The rites of Christian initiation : their evolution and interpretation
The mystery of the Last Supper : reconstructing the final days of Jesus
He gave thanks : an introduction to the Eucharistic prayer
The holy communion
From the time he prepares the soil for planting, a man prays over his vines and the grapes they produce, until he finally tastes the wine that has been made from the juice and transformed into a blessing from Heaven. Includes facts about Holy Communion and the Eucharistic tradition in the Orthodox Christian Church.
The Lord's Supper : five views
The Eucharist in theology and philosophy : issues of doctrinal history in East and West from the patristic age to the reformation
Last supper and Lord's supper
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 3, The eucharist
Sacrament of salvation : an introduction to eucharistic ecclesiology
Keys to first Corinthians : revisiting the major issues
Making a meal of it : rethinking the theology of the Lord's Supper
The body of Christ : an enquiry into the institution and doctrine of Holy Communion
First communion : ritual, church, and popular religious identity
Prayers of the Eucharist : early and reformed : texts translated and edited with commentary
The feast of life : the Eucharist at the Sixth Assembly of the World Council of Churches, Vancouver 1983 = La fête de la vie : la Sainte-Cene l̉a Sixim̈e Assemblee du Conseil oecumenique des Eglises, Vancouver 1983
Celebrating the Eucharist
The eucharistic mystery : revitalizing the tradition
The Eucharist and ecumenism : let us keep the feast
Divine presence in the Eucharistic theology of Nicholas Cabasilas
The eucharistic prayer of Addai and Mari
The Eucharist in Romanesque France : iconography and theology
Eucharist : symbol of transformation
The Eucharist
Journey to the kingdom : an insider's look at the liturgy and beliefs of the Eastern Orthodox church
The feast of the world's redemption : eucharistic origins and Christian mission
Christian sacrifice : the Judaeo-Christian background before Origen
I offered Christ: a Protestant study of the Mass
Eucharistic worship in ecumenical contexts : the Lima liturgy - and beyond
The Eucharistic memorial
The theology of John Fisher
This book is written as a resource for scholars and students of Anabaptism and Hubmaier studies. Balthasar Hubmaier understood the church to be a visible assembly of regenerated baptized saints, who both memorized Christ's suffering on the cross in the ordinance of the Lord's Supper, and who participated in that suffering as a church under the cross. Hubmaier's doctrine of the church seems to have many parallels both in medieval and sixteenth-century Anabaptist ecclesiology; but it cannot be solidly placed in either category. -- Review: Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology ...there are a number of insights that Mabry brings to the readers' attention that are helpful...Anyone, student or mature scholar can benefit from a careful reading of this thoughtful work. Southwestern Journal Of Theology Mabry's treatise provides a valuable introduction to Hubmaier's ecclesiology... Seminary Studies
The eucharist in the reformation : incarnation and liturgy
Worship, community and the triune God of grace
The Orthodox liturgy : the development of the eucharistic liturgy in the Byzantine rite
The Eucharist and social justice
The Lord's Supper in the New Testament
A companion to the Eucharist in the Middle Ages
After the primitive Christians : the eighteenth-century Anglican Eucharist in its architectural setting
In breaking of bread : the Eucharist and ritual
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 4, Eucharist & ministry
Reconstructing early Christian worship
Hoc est corpus meum : the eucharist in the Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry document with special focus to the concept of the real presence
Serve the Lord with gladness : basic reflections on the Eucharist and the priesthood : our life in the liturgy - be my priest
Medieval piety from relics to the eucharist : a process of mutual interaction
Karl Barth and the theology of the Lord's Supper : a systematic investigation
History and presence
Zur Lehre und Praxis der Taufe = On the doctrine and practice of baptism. ; Zur Lehre und Praxis des Abendmahls = On the doctrine and practice of the Lordś Supper
The presence of Christ in Church and world : dialogue between the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and the Secretariat for Promoting Christian Unity 1970-77
Formulas for the distribution of Holy Communion in the reformed agendas of 16th-17th century Poland and Lithuania compared with other protestant liturgies of the same period
Eucharistic doctrine in England from Hooker to Waterland : being the Norrisian Prize Essay in the University of Cambridge for the year 1940.
Altar guild and sacristy handbook
Unbaptized God : the basic flaw in ecumenical theology
The Lord's Supper
Handbook for liturgical studies. Volume 4, Sacraments and sacramentals
Ancient Christian worship : early church practices in social, historical, and theological perspective
From age to age : how Christians have celebrated the Eucharist
Manna from Athos : the issue of frequent communion on the Holy Mountain in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries
Holy communion rites in the Polish and Lithuanian reformed agendas of the 16th and early 17th centuries
Sanctifying signs : making Christian tradition in late medieval England
Confession and communion : report to the Holy Synod of Bishops of the Orthodox Church in America
The Eucharist in the West : history and theology
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
A key to the doctrine of the Eucharist
Given for you : reclaiming Calvin's doctrine of the Lord's Supper
Many tables : the Eucharist in the New Testament and liturgy today
Justin Martyr on baptism and eucharist : texts in translation with introduction and commentary
When I was a child : children's interpretations of First Communion
The shape of the liturgy
A central European synthesis of radical and magisterial reform : the sacremental theology of Balthasar Hubmaier
An evangelical response to 'Baptism, Eucharist and ministry'
The font and the table
The precommunion rites
Twelve tales untold : a study guide for ecumenical reception
"For centuries, we thought we knew what happened during Jesus' last days. Holy Thursday, Good Friday and Easter Sunday are not only observed by Christians around the world, but are also recognized in calendars and by non-practitioners as commemorating events in the final week of Jesus' life. But apparent inconsistencies in the Gospel accounts of this period have continued to puzzle Bible scholars -and fuel skeptics. In The Mystery of the Last Supper, Colin Humphreys uses science to reveal the truth about Jesus' final days. Reconciling conflicting biblical accounts with scientific evidence, Humphreys proves that the Gospels, correctly interpreted, are in remarkable agreement. He reveals the exact date of the Last Supper in a groundbreaking new timeline of Holy Week. Colin Humphreys is director of research at the Department of Materials Science and Metallurgy at the University of Cambridge. He is the author of The Miracles of Exodus (2003). He was awarded a knighthood in 2010 for services to Science"--Provided by publisher.
The reception of BEM in the European context : report of the four study consultations on BEM of the Conference of European Churches 1984-1985
The earliest history of the Christian gathering : origin, development, and content of the Christian gathering in the first to third centuries
"This new book returns to this last theme and offers a detailed study of the associated puzzles caused by the apparent discrepancy between the Gospel of John and the other three Gospels on the date of the Last Supper of Jesus. Colin's solution is a new version of the old theory that different Jewish groups may have used different calendrical systems together with a proposal that Jesus held his meal not on the Thursday immediately preceding his crucifixion on the Friday but on the Wednesday evening, a view that allows a more adequate period of time for all the recorded events that have to be fitted in between the meal and the crucifixion"--Provided by publisher.
Communion outside the Eucharist
A history of the Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom. Vol. 6, The communion, thanksgiving, and concluding rites
On the Priesthood and the Holy Eucharist : according to St. Symeon of Thessalonica, Patriarch Kallinikos of Constantinople and St. Mark Eugenikos of Ephesus
A Eucharistic ontology : Maximus the Confessor's eschatological ontology of being as dialogical reciprocity
Adelmann of Liège and the Eucharistic controversy
Report of the American Section of the Commission on Intercommunion : submitted to the Continuation Committee, 1942.
Communion ecclesiology : vision and versions
Eucharistic concelebration / by John R.K. Fenwick
Karlstadt and the origins of the Eucharistic controversy : a study in the circulation of ideas
The Eucharistic liturgies : their evolution and interpretation
Eucharistic sacrifice and patristic tradition in the theology of Martin Bucer, 1534-1546
Rules and Customs of Churches : concerning Intercommunion and Open Communion
Challenging the widespread classification of evangelical theologian Balthasar Hubmaier (1480-1528) as a Schleitheim-adhering Anabaptist, this book argues that Hubmaier should instead be understood as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation and provides for a deeper understanding of one of the 16th century's most creative and sophisticated thinkers.
Eucharist and the poetic imagination in early modern England
The celebration of the Eucharist : the origin of the rite and the development of its interpretation
Modern eucharistic agreement
Lutherans and Catholics in dialogue. 3, The eucharist as sacrifice
The sacramentary of Sarapion of Thmuis : a text for students
Being Christian : baptism, Bible, Eucharist, prayer
