http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16498 flow rate
flow rate
Climate change and boreal rivers:predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Water quality of Rosetta branch in Nile delta, Egypt
Fluvial processes and their future magnitudes : combined field observation and simulation approaches
Climate change and boreal rivers : predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Solar activity and its influence on the Vuoksa River flow : possibilities for water management and forecasting
Predicting soil erosion by water : a guide to conservation planning with the Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE)
Development and analysis of a dual-permeability model for subsurface stormflow and solute transport in a forested hillslope
Estimation of climate change impacts on hydrology and floods in Finland
Structural development of the Finnish national hydrometric monitoring network
Complex confining layers : architecture and hydraulic properties of Holocene and Late Weichselian deposits in the fluvial Rhine-Meuse delta, The Netherlands
The discharge of Sigi River as an indicator of water catchment value of the East Usambara Mountains in Tanzania
Rivers create unique habitat for aquatic life and provide ecosystem services for humans. Thus, degradation of river water quality is a serious, global problem. Water quality is the outcome of anthropogenic and natural landscape factors and the interaction of these two. To improve water quality, robust and quick methods are needed to study the complex, spatio-temporally dependent relation between water quality and environment conditions across extensive areas.This thesis aimed to study the relationship between water quality (total phosphorus and nitrogen, pH, water colour and dissolved oxygen) and environmental factors in boreal rivers combining grid-based data and statistical methods. The study comprised of 34 Finnish rivers with their catchments. First, the effect of natural and human-induced environmental factors on water quality was studied.Then, (a) the ability of the characteristics of different spatial scales around the river channel and under different discharge conditions to predict water quality was explored and (b) the suitability of the applied statistical methods (generalized linear and additive models, partitioning methods, non-metric multidimensional scaling) in water quality studies was evaluated.As expected, the results highlighted the impact of agricultural activities on water quality as nutrients and pH increased, together with the cover of agricultural activities. However, when studied as a group, natural factors explained water quality better than land use/cover. Lakes were strongly related to decreased nutrients and water colour. The effect of fine-grained soils on nutrients and pH was positive. In the scale studies, nutrients and water colour were best explained by the characteristics of the entire catchment but pH was mostly predicted by the characteristics of the 50 m riparian zone.The connection between water quality and environment was str ongest during high-flow discharge periods.The results encourage the use of the applied methods, showing that the combination of grid-based data and advanced statistical methods provide an efficient first-filter estimate of water quality-environment relations. Spatial-based statistical modelling provides a crucial framework for river, water resources and land use management. The applied methods can also be seen as essential tools when predicting the impacts of global change on water quality.
Optimal management of flow in groundwater systems
Estimation of the maximum and minimum discharge in Finland
Complex confining layers : a stochastic analysis of hydraulic properties at various scales
Managing erosion, sediment transport and water quality in drained peatland catchments
Flood deposits, transport distances and roundness of loose material in the Tana river valley, Lapland
Treatment wetlands (TW) constructed on natural wetlands potentially perform efficient purification of wastewater, but the longevity of TWs at northern latitudes is not well known. This thesis examined processes affecting nutrient and suspended solids (SS) retention in TWs during their lifetime. In total, 15 TWs were studied using water and peat quality and gas flux data for different TW life lengths, the longest period being 18 years.The TWs commonly retained nutrients and suspended solids efficiently, even after 18 years of wastewater loading. For nitrogen (N) removal, sedimentation, nitrification-denitrification and plant uptake were efficient processes in the wetlands studied. However, emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) from TWs are not a major contributor to climate change due to the small total surface area of TWs. The significance of anaerobic ammonium oxidation (anammox) and other newly discovered nitrogen processes in TWs remains to be clarified. Phosphorus (P) adsorption capacity in TWs remained efficient over a 12-year study period, the process being continuous when surfaces for adsorption were available or freed up through alternating absorption/desorption/adsorption. Phosphorus accumulation by peat accretion was low, but has not been well assessed in northern TWs receiving nutrient-rich waters. Iron (Fe) and aluminium (Al) in peat extraction runoff and purified wastewater from sewage treatment plants were of great importance for precipitation of P in TWs. Filtration and sedimentation of organic humic substances with Fe- or Al-bound P were other probable P retention pathways. In peat extraction runoff, Fe was more significant than Al for P retention, but Fe-bound P is susceptible to desorption in anaerobic environments, whereas Al-bound P is more strongly retained. Suspended solids were generally retained well, although there was great variation in percentage retention in individual TWs in different years and different seasons. Changes in discharge affected SS transportation and retention. SS were retained by sedimentation, the rate of which was affected by particle size. It is plausible that smaller particles from old peat extraction areas where the extracted peat has a high humification degree erode more easily than poorly humified particles in surface peat. Weakened SS retention may also have been caused by development of preferential flow areas (PFA) in TWs, changes in sediment delivery characteristics and sampling involving too few samples to show SS transportation sufficiently accurately for estimating SS retention.Thus TWs are potentially ideal for purification of wastewater and can have high purification efficiency even after long-term use in northern regions. They are also more widely applicable as long as their limitations are understood.
Climate change adaptation for hydrology and water resources
Introduction to hydraulics and hydrology : with applications for stormwater management
Ecology of fresh waters : man and medium, past to future
Lotic life stages of the European river lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) : anthropogenic detriment and rehabilitation
Hydrological and biological responses to forest practices : the Alsea Watershed Study
Industrial flow measurement
Rosetta branch is one of the two main branches in Nile delta and El-Rahawy drain is one of this main sources, which outlet on the branch. It is subjected to many sources of pollutions from municipalities, agriculture and industry, but only little information is available on the quality of river water. The aim of this study was to analyze the river water quality in Rosetta branch at the outlet of El-Rahawy drain, Nile delta. Water samples were collected seasonally from El-Rahawy and Rosetta branch and the following physicochemical parameters were analyzed: hydrogen ion concentration (pH), total dissolved solids (TDS), electrical conductivity (EC), dissolved oxygen (DO), ammonia (NH3), total alkalinity (CO3+HCO3); biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) and chemical oxygen demand (COD). The results were compared with the water quality standards of Egypt (Law 48/1982), FAO and Canadian Water Quality standards (CWQGs). Statistical studies were carried out by calculating correlation coefficients between different parameters. The large transports of NH3, and TDS with low COD, BOD and DO values along El-Rahawy drain were seriously deteriorating the water quality in the downstream of Rosetta branch, especially during the low flow condition in winter.
Methods for integrated monitoring in the Nordic countries
Abstract: To find out the quality of the suspension load at flood times soil samples were systematically collected at a level of 2-3 m above the mean water level on both sides of the river. Samples were taken from thin deposits on stones, grass and rock...
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Studies on long-term inflow forecasting
Water exchange and mixing in a semi-enclosed coastal basin (Pohja Bay)
Accuracy and precision of annual nutrient load estimates in Nordic rivers
Long-term changes of the river runoff in Latvia
Discharge measurements in integrated environmental monitoring in the nordic countries : preliminary report prepared for the Nordic Council of Ministers and WIM 2
Multiscale influence of environmental factors on water quality in boreal rivers : application of spatial-based statistical modelling
Effects of ditch network maintenance and sedimentation ponds on export loads of suspended solids and nutrients from peatland forests
Ecology of freshwaters : a view for the twenty-first century
Long-term forecasting of seasonal inflows to Kemihaara man-made lake
Identification of processes leading to long-term wastewater purification in northern treatment wetlands
Pipe flow : a practical and comprehensive guide
