http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16443 biologists
biologists
Computational methods for modelling and analysing biological networks
Recent advances in phytochemistry
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
International review of hydrobiology
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
An extended food web from Greenland : adding birds, spiders and plants to a parasitoid-lepidopteran web
Lepinfo
Anarchy evolution : faith, science, and bad religion in a world without god
Ornithology, evolution, and philosophy : the life and science of Ernst Mayr 1904-2005
Now available with the most current and relevant research from Cell Press, Clark's Molecular Biology, Academic Cell Update Edition, gives readers both the concepts and the applications students need to know to fully grasp Molecular Biology. Clark introduces basic concepts and then follows with specific applications in research today. This book is further enhanced by its inclusion in the Academic Cell collaboration, providing it with links to current and recently published research. Molecular Biology draws in the applications from a number of fields including human cellular research, human medicine, agriculture research and veterinary medicine.
Julian Huxley : biologist and statesman of science : proceedings of a conference held at Rice University, 25-27 September 1987
A passion for raptors : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman = En passion för rövfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman
Charles Darwin : 3 dokumenttia
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Evolutionary ecology research
On stylopisation of Araenopids
Holocene vegetational and climatic history at or near tree-line in contrasting areas of Norway inferred from pollen and plant macrofossils in lake sediments
Protein purification of Agrobacterium tumefaciens phytochrome Agp1 and UV-vis spectroscopy analysis in comparison to DrBphP from Deinococcus Radiodurans
American ecologists : a biographical bibliography
DNA polymerase Epsilon and TopBP1 : unexpected links between DNA replication, stress response and RNA metabolism
IUFS Journal of biology
Natural history bulletin of the Siam Society
Richard Dawkins : how a scientist changed the way we think : reflections by scientists, writers, and philosophers
Generation of flat and curved membranes by Inverse-BAR domain proteins
Environmental microbiology : from genomes to biogeochemistry
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Instant notes in chemistry for biologists
PCR technology : principles and applications for DNA amplification
The influence of human-induced eutrophication on the honesty of sexual signalling in the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
Only now is Alfred Russel Wallace beginning to get his long overdue recognition. In his own time he was acknowledged as joint author, with Darwin, of the theory of evolution by natural selection. Since then, the bright light shone on Darwin's achievements has cast Wallace into shadow. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual shows how Wallace's independent discovery of natural selection was no mere flash of inspiration, but the outcome of many years of study and reflection on his extraordinary early life as a field naturalist in South America and the rain forests of the 'Malay Archipelago'. Surviving fever and insect bites on the Amazon, he was shipwrecked with the loss of most of his notes and collections on his return journey. Astonishingly, within two years he was preparing for his second major expedition, this time to South East Asia, and for a stay of eight challenging years. It was here that he made his great scientific breakthrough, and provoked Darwin into prompt publication of his origin. Wallace used his experience in the tropics as the basis for his next major achievement – a classic work that established biogeography as a scientific specialism of great importance for today's urgent challenge to protect the world's biodiversity. As if this were not enough, Wallace became a bold and controversial public figure, campaigning on such issues as compulsory vaccination, parliamentary reform, and the rights of workers and colonised peoples. he was for many years president of the Land Nationalisation Society, and an ardent critic of the injustices of 19th century capitalism. Later in his life he engaged with radical thinkers such as William Morris, Edward Bellamy, Henry George, Robert Blatchford and Ebeneza Howard in envisaging just and sustainable alternative social and economic futures. Alfred Russel Wallace: Explorer, Evolutionist, Public Intellectual gives a succinct account ofWallace's life, before going on to analyse in more detail the development of his ideas on natural selection, his disputes with Darwin on sexual selection and human evolution, and the development of his political ideas. In each topic, Benton brings the story up to date, and assesses Wallace's ideas in the light of today's thinking.
J. D. Bernal : the sage of science
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Systematics and biodiversity
Charles Darwin. Vol. 1, Voyaging
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
Letter from John Sahlberg to Jacob Sparre Schneider
News of the Lepidopterists' society
Journal of arachnology
Contributions to natural history
Sturtevant and Dobzhansky, two scientists at odds : with a student's recollections
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Journal of histotechnology
This is a new methodology in health care. Recently, health care policymakers and practitioners have recognised the potential contribution of qualitative research to support decision making. Different methodological approaches have been developed and used in practice. Some approaches have focused on the inclusion of qualitative data only. Others have experimented with the integration of both quantitative and qualitative research results, or have been used to complement results from quantitative reviews. This book provides the first overview of commonly used qualitative synthesis approaches in health care, with worked examples illustrating how appropriate methods are used in different situations. The methods covered include: Meta-aggregation; Meta-ethnography; Critical interpretive synthesis; Realist review; Mixed methods approach; and, Bayesian approaches to the synthesis of qualitative and quantitative research findings. Written by experienced researchers from three continents, "Synthesising Qualitative Research" is an authoritative yet accessible introduction to these new methodologies and will be an invaluable tool to all who are involved in systematic reviewing. It aims to guide and assist researchers and professionals in choosing the right approach for their particular review projects.
Revised taxonomy of the family Rhizobiaceae, and phylogeny of mesorhizobia nodulating Glycyrrhiza spp
Choosing selection : the revival of natural selection in Anglo-American evolutionary biology, 1930-1970
Mystery of mysteries : is evolution a social construction?
Canadian journal of fisheries and aquatic sciences
The Lysenko effect : the politics of science
Alfred Russel Wallace : explorer, evolutionist, public intellectual - a thinker for our own times?
Genetic selection in human mitochondria
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
Esakia : occasional papers of the Hikosan biological laboratory in entomology
Half-off ragnarok : an InCryptid novel
The lost Amazon : the pioneering expeditions of Richard Evans Schultes : a rare photographic journey to an uncharted land
Nature revealed : selected writings, 1949-2006
Camouflage
Fundamental and applied limnology : Archiv für Hydrobiologie
Molecular diversity
Biology of Antarctic fish
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
Life of Lake Vesijärvi : from successful biomanipulation to sustainable management. Timo Kairesalo ... [et al.]
Tumor necrosis factors and chemokines in hair development
Phytoplankton biomass and its relation to phosphorus loading and thermal conditions in Lake Pääjärvi
Modern industrial microbiology and biotechnology
The gentle subversive : Rachel Carson, Silent spring, and the rise of the environmental movement
What mad pursuit : a personal view of scientific discovery
The tragic sense of life : Ernst Haeckel and the struggle over evolutionary thought
Darwin's religious odyssey
Charles Darwin : a biography. Vol. 1, Voyaging
Biosphere science
Caribbean journal of science
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Studies on OX1 orexin receptor coupling to arachidonic acid and endocannabinoid signaling
History and philosophy of science. 4, Glimpsing reality : ideas in physics and the link to biology
The drowned world
Journal of the North Carolina Academy of Science
Retrotransposon BARE1 translation, localization, and VLP formation in barley
Watson and DNA : making a scientific revolution
Tuning cell motility : roles of nestin and vimentin in cancer cell invasion
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Pocket apocalypse
The avidin protein family : properties of family members and engineering of novel biotin-binding protein tools
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Crayfish biology and culture
Conjugal transfer of the symbiotic plasmid in Rhizobium galegae sv. officinalis
Food microbiology : fundamentals and frontiers
Application of hydrocarbon degrading microorganism enumeration and catabolic genes detection in soil assessment
Influence of soil physico-chemical characteristics on the success of growing the black truffle (Tuber melanosporum) in the Auvergne region in France
Watsonia journal and the proceedings of the Botanical society of the British Isles
The bacterium Simkania negevensis is a germ associated with respiratory diseases. This study aims at estimating the prevalence of Simkania in the Jordanian population. Serum samples from 664 Jordanian males and females, aged 2 to 86 years were collected. IgG and IgM Simkania-specific antibodies were detected using an indirect immunofluorescence test. Seropositivity titers for IgG and IgM were defined as 1:8 and 1:10, respectively. The overall prevalence of IgG antibody in all examined Jordanian nationals was 58.4%. IgG seropositivity was low in children under the age of 10 years (34.2%), and increased rapidly with age and ranged between 49.4% and 72%. Simkania-specific IgM was detected in 24.8% of subjects. IgM prevalence in children under 10 years was lowest (10.5%) and increased in older ages and remained above 20%. Overall detection rates of both IgG and IgM were significantly higher in females than males (60.7% vs. 54.5% for IgG and 26.7% vs. 21.7% for IgM). These data indicate that Simkania infection is highly prevalent in Jordan. The high level of seropositivity is most likely maintained by re-infections or chronic infections. Our data may serve as a basis to elucidate the pathogenesis of Simkania in Jordan.
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman = En passion för rovfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman
The vital question : why is life the way it is?
Solly Zuckerman : a scientist out of  the ordinary
Collagen receptor integrins : evolution, ligand binding selectivity and the effect of activation
Ausgewählte Briefe und Dokumente = Selected letters and documents
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
Modeling climate change impacts on European tree species : comparing statistical and dynamic models
High seroprevalence of Simkania negevensis in Jordan
Characterization of viral nanoparticles and virus-like structures by using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS)
Biomathematics : the principles of mathematics for students of biological and general science. Vol. 2, Numerical methods, matrices, probability, statistics
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Memoir of a thinking radish : an autobiography
Rosalind Franklin : the dark lady of DNA
One river : explorations and discoveries in the Amazon rain forest
A life decoded : my genome, my life
Ringing and migration
The case of the midwife toad
Dust to dust
Role and function of nonmuscle alpha-actinin-1 and -4 in regulating distinct subcategories of actin stress fibers in mammalian cells
The importance of pupils' interests and out-of-school experiences in planning biology lessons
Morphogenesis of mammalian endoplasmic reticulum and golgi apparatus throughout the cell cycle
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Carl Linnaeus : pioneer of modern botany
A centenary in chrysophyte research : Gunnar Nygaard 1903-2002
Bibliography of Kari Yrjö Henrik Lagerspetz 1949-1991
Science series
The murder of Nikolai Vavilov : the story of Stalin's persecution of one of the great scientists of the twentieth century
Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales
Life of Mendel
Parabiology as a rapid tropical biodiversity assessment method : social, economic and biological approach
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
Riken research
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
Scientists, mathematicians, and inventors : lives and legacies : an encyclopedia of people who changed the world
The activation of aggresomal pathway in Coxsackievirus B3 infection
Image analysis algorithms for single-cell study in systems biology
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Microbiology for dummies
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Research bulletin
Computational approaches to biological network inference and modeling in systems biology
Intohimona petolinnut : tutkija, valokuvaaja & lintumaalari Dick Forsman : researcher, photographer & bird artist Dick Forsman = En passion för rovfåglar : forskaren, fotografen, fågelmålaren Dick Forsman = A passion for raptors
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
The Cambridge companion to Darwin
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
Rebels, mavericks, and heretics in biology
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
Charles Darwin. Vol. 2, The power of place
Nature's oracle : the life and work of W. D. Hamilton
Tinkering with cusp patterning : developmental genetic mechanisms in mouse molar development
Summary.
Processes in microbial ecology
Cell biology of canine parvovirus entry
Pocket apocalypse : an Incryptid novel
Journal of the National Museum (Prague). Natural history series
Enterovirus-induced non-acidic entry pathway and its relation to the epidermal growth factor receptor pathway
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Regulation and function of GATA transcription factors in adrenocortical tumors and granulosa cells
Computing for comparative microbial genomics : bioinformatics for microbiologists
Zoo : the graphic novel
Integration of Eda signaling with other signaling pathways in oral ectodermal organogenesis
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
Wiley interdisciplinary reviews. Computational molecular science
Parasitism, reproduction and sexual selection of roach, Rutilus rutilus L
Half-off Ragnarok : an InCryptid Novel
In this illuminating and moving biography, Ullica Segerstrale captures Hamilton's extraordinary life and work, revealing a man of immense intellectual curiosity, an uncompromising truth-seeker, a naturalist and jungle explorer. Segerstrale's detailed research reveals the internal tensions and conflicts behind Hamilton's creative genius, and the narrative is peppered with personal anecdotes of this eccentric yet brilliant scientist. The book shows how Hamilton throughout his life was a man against the grain, whose iconoclastic views challenged the scientific and medical establishment--and even caused controversy at the Vatican. In fact, Hamilton was so against the grain that his early career was a classic case of misunderstood genius, whose work was invariably attacked upon publication and only later proclaimed a major breakthrough. Among his insights was that what matters in evolution is not the survival of the individual but of the survival of its genes, an idea that solved the longstanding problem of animal altruism that vexed even Darwin himself. He also proposed the well-known Red Queen theory of the evolution of sex and he helped open up many new fields (including sociobiology), shaping much of our current understanding of evolution --
Systematic botany
Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia
Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Ser. B, Biological
Originally published in 1979, this reprints the revised and expanded edition of 1996. In this volume, physicists, biologists and chemists, who have been involved in some of the most exciting discoveries in modern scientific thought explore issues which have shaped modern physics and which hint at what may form the next scientific revolution. The major issues discussed are the understanding of time and space, quantum and relativity theories and recent attempts to unite them and related questions in theoretical biology.
8th Meetig of PhD Students in Evolutionary Biology, August 28th - September 1st, 2002 Lohja, Finland : programme & abstracts
Julian Huxley, scientist and world citizen 1887 to 1975 : a biographical memoir
Microbial ecology is the study of interactions among microbes in natural environments and their roles in biogeochemical cycles, food web dynamics, and the evolution of life. Microbes are the most numerous organisms in the biosphere and mediate many critical reactions in elemental cycles and biogeochemical reactions. Because they are essential players in the carbon cycle and related processes, microbial ecology is a vital science for understanding the role of the biosphere in global warming and the response of natural ecosystems to climate change. This novel textbook discusses the major processes carried out by viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and other protists - the microbes - in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial ecosystems. It focuses on biogeochemical processes, starting with primary production and the initial fixation of carbon into cellular biomass, before exploring how that carbon is degraded in both oxygen-rich (oxic) and oxygen-deficient (anoxic) environments. These biogeochemical processes are affected by ecological interactions, including competition for limiting nutrients, viral lysis, and predation by various protists in soils and aquatic habitats. The book neatly connects processes occurring at the micron scale to events happening at the global scale, including the carbon cycle and its connection to climate change issues. A final chapter is devoted to symbiosis and other relationships between microbes and larger organisms. Microbes have huge impacts not only on biogeochemical cycles, but also on the ecology and evolution of more complex forms of life, including Homo sapiens.
Integrins as cellular receptors for fibril-forming and transmembrane collagens
Alexander Price has survived gorgons, basilisks, and his own family--no small feat, considering that his family includes two telepaths, a reanimated corpse, and a colony of talking, pantheistic mice. Still, he's starting to feel like he's got the hang of things...at least until his girlfriend, Shelby Tanner, shows up asking pointed questions about werewolves and the state of his passport. From there, it's just a hop, skip, and a jump to Australia, a continent filled with new challenges, new dangers, and yes, rival cryptozoologists who don't like their "visiting expert" very much.
Rachel Carson : witness for nature
Wiley interdisciplinary reviews. Systems biology and medicine
Jacques Loeb : his science and social activism and their philosophical foundations
