http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16421 samba (dance music)
samba (dance music)
On Broadway [Äänite] : Tito Puente and his Latin ensemble
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
Traditional Caribbean guitar : calypso and other island rhythms
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
The beat of Brazil : Brazilian grooves from the Warner vaults
The Jobim collection : Easy piano
Need to know? : Latin dancing
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Brazilian beats
Latin madness
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Latein collection. 4
The girl from Ipanema : the Antonio Carlos Jobim songbook
Fool on the hill
Sound affects : Brazil
Jazz for acoustic guitar : Twenty-two all-time jazz standards specially arranged for acoustic guitar
The mystery of samba : popular music & national identity in Brazil
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
The Billboard book of Brazilian music : samba, bossa nova, and the popular sounds of Brazil
Samba-3 by example : practical exercises to successful deployment
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Ultra-lounge. Volume nine : Cha-cha de amor / From Mamboland to Bossa Novaville
Songs From Black Orpheus
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Ballroom favourites
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
Whatcha gonna do
Learn - play bongos with Mr. Bongo
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
Anthology of bossa nova guitar
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
The social history of the Brazilian samba
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
Brazilian conga : Atabaque : traditional and modern rhythms from Brazil for 1, 2 or 3 congas and timbau
Antonio Carlos Jobim and the art of bossa nova : 10 Antonio Carlos Jobim classics
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
Sergio Mendes & Brasil '77 : song book
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
The best of Mr Bongo
Why is this country dancing? : a one-man samba to the beat of Brazil
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
Latin favorites for easy piano : 21 standards, including Besame mucho, Granada, The girl from Ipanema.
Dance to Boï bumba
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Modern ballroom dancing
The best samba : collection of Dancelife
Vivo latino : best of latin music
Salsa & the city
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
Blue Note trip : scrambled, mashed
Carnival in Rio
Today's the day! : LAN'S Samba Schools
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Latin music : competitive and practice tracks. 3.
Musica Brasileira : a history of popular music and the people of Brazil
Antonio Carlos Jobim's finest hour
Astrud Gilberto with Stanley Turrentine
Brazilectro : Latin flavoured club tunes. Session 10
Astrud Gilberto plus James Last Orchestra
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
Gold Star Ballroom : Samba
Jazz classics : trombone
Samba session : 12 tunes for vocals, C, Bb and Eb instruments and rhythm section
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Brazil : your passport to a new world of music
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
Brazilian rhythms on the keyboard
World Dancesport Federation: samba
The Brazilian sound : samba, bossa nova, and the popular music of Brazil [Revised and expanded edition]
The ultimate... latin album 4 : original music for latin dancing. 4, Latin eyes
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
The wonderful world of Antonio Carlos Jobim : With the Nelson Riddle Orchestra
The Brazilian sound : samba, bossa nova, and the popular music of Brazil
The most requested bossa nova & samba songs : piano, vocal, guitar
The Best of Banda Black Rio
Live samba : analysis and interpretation of Brazilian pagode
Giants of Latin : Rumbita Molana
Brazilian percussion manual : Rhythms and techniques with application for the drum set
Latin American Samba
Jazz 'n' samba for guitar : The music of Antonio Carlos Jobim
Latin-American at its best : samba
A love affair : the music of Ivan Lins
