http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16412 city states
city states
The Italian city-state : from commune to signoria
Communes and despots in medieval and Renaissance Italy
More studies in the ancient Greek polis
Political culture in the Greek city after the classical age
The archaeology of Athens and Attica under the democracy : proceedings of an international conference celebrating 2500 years since the birth of democracy in Greece, held at the American School of Classical Studies at Athens, December 4-6, 1992
Hellenistic Democracies : freedom, independence and political procedure in some East Greek City-states
Singapore : the global city-state
Explores key aspects of the city state in late medieval and renaissance Italy, particularly the nature and quality of different types of government. This work focuses on the apparently antithetical but often similar governmental forms represented by the republics and despotisms of the period.
Medieval Lucca and the evolution of the Renaissance state
The origins of the state in Italy 1300-1600
Was there a South-West German city-state culture?
Polis and city-state : an ancient concept and its modern equivalent : symposium, January 9, 1998
Sources for the ancient Greek city-state : symposium, August, 24-27 1994
The Pnyx in the history of Athens : proceedings of an international colloquium organised by the Finnish Institute at Athens, 7-9 October, 1994
Life in Greece in ancient times
Venice and the Veneto in the early Renaissance
Roman Palmyra : identity, community, and state formation
The crisis of the early Italian Renaissance : civic humanism and republican liberty in an age of classicism and tyranny
Roman patrons of Greek cities
Yet more studies in the ancient Greek polis
Patrons and defenders : the saints in the Italian city-states
Courage in the Democratic Polis : ideology and critique in classical Athens
Individual and community : the rise of the polis 800-500 B. C.
Further studies in the ancient Greek polis
Signs for countries in Europe, their capitals & main cities
"This magisterial study proposes a revised and innovative view of the political history of Renaissance Italy. Drawing on comparative examples from across the peninsula and the kingdoms of Sicily, Sardinia and Corsica, an international team of leading scholars highlights the complexity and variety of the Italian world from the fourteenth to early sixteenth centuries, surveying the mosaic of kingdoms, principalities, signorie and republics against a backdrop of wider political themes common to all types of state in the period. The authors address the contentious problem of the apparent weakness of the Italian Renaissance political system. By repositioning the Renaissance as a political, rather than simply an artistic and cultural phenomenon, they identify the period as a pivotal moment in the history of the state, in which political languages, practices and tools, together with political and governmental institutions, became vital to the evolution of a modern European political identity"--Provided by publisher.
The city-state in Europe, 1000-1600 : hinterland, territory, region
The Greek city states : a source book
The Greek polis and the invention of democracy : a politico-cultural transformation and its interpretations
Alternatives to Athens : varieties of political organization and community in ancient Greece
A history of the ancient Near East, ca. 3000-323 B.C
Monemvasia : a Byzantine city state
Eretria : a guide to the ancient city
Ancient tradition and early Greek history : the origins of states in early-arhaic Sparta, Argos and Corinth
The Italian city-republics
Why Socrates died : dispelling the myths
Scourge and fire : Savoranola and renaissance Florence
Urban legends : civic identity and the classical past in northern Italy, 1250-1350
The rise and fall of classical Greece
The city-state in five cultures
Political activity and political thinking began in the cities and other states of ancient Greece, and terms such as tyranny, aristocracy, oligarchy, democracy and politics itself are Greek words for concepts first discussed in Greece. Rhodes presents in translation a selection of texts illustrating the formal mechanisms and informal workings of the Greek states in all their variety. From the states described by Homer out of which the classical Greeks believed their states had developed, through the archaic period which saw the rise and fall of tyrants and the gradual broadening of citizen bodies, to the classical period of the fifth and fourth centuries, Rhodes also looks beyond that to the Hellenistic and Roman periods in which the Greeks tried to preserve their way of life in a world of great powers. For this second edition the book has been thoroughly revised and three new chapters added.
The return of the Polis : the use and meanings of the word Polis in archaic and classical sources
Real estate in global cities : Singapore and Hong Kong as property states
This article focuses on three interrelated themes in the study of ancient Greek religion, looked at through the mateiral evidence from the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia on the island of Poros, Greece. First, I look at the so-called polis model and its applicability to an interpretation of Kalaureian material related to the cultic life of the sanctuary from the point of view of the 'historiography' of Greek religion. I then discuss the historical context of the archaeological material, with particular emphasis on the topic of the sanctuary as a known place of asylum particularly during the Hellenistic period. Thirdy, I examine the archaeological material related to eating and dining and its potential connections to the demarcation between sacred and profane activities and between sacralised and profane space in the sanctuary, with special interpretative attention to the significance of border(s) and boundaries. Drawing attention to these issues may help us understand the dynamics and interplay between 'official' and 'private' aspects of ancient Greek religion, within both the tradition of the scholarship of ancient Greek religion and the so-called 'archaeology of cult'.
The long sword
Authority and legitimacy in the classical city-state
"Explores the role of the classical past in the construction of urban identity in late medieval Italy. Focuses on the appropriation of classical symbols, ancient materials, and Roman myths to legitimate the regimes of various Italian city-states"--Provided by publisher.
The Greeks till Alexander
See inside the ancient world
The history of Italy
"The world of ancient Greece witnessed some of the most sophisticated and varied experiments with federalism in the pre-modern era. In the volatile interstate environment of Greece, federalism was a creative response to the challenge of establishing regional unity, while at the same time preserving a degree of local autonomy. To reconcile the forces of integration and independence, Greek federal states introduced, for example, the notion of proportional representation, the stratification of legal practice, and a federal grammar of festivals and cults. Federalism in Greek Antiquity provides the first comprehensive reassessment of the topic. It comprises detailed contributions on all federal states in Aegean Greece and its periphery. With every chapter written by a leading expert in the field, the book also incorporates thematic sections that place the topic in a broader historical and social-scientific context"--
Empires and states in European perspective
Mycenae : an archaeological history and guide
The Greeks founded a number of settlements outside of mainland Greece, most of which closely mirrored, and were partly dependent on, those of the homeland. This study focuses on two settlements, Megara Hyblaia and Selinous, established in Italy by the Greeks during the late 8th and mid-7th centuries BC. The paucity of literary sources for this period makes the archaeological record crucial and Franco de Angelis makes use of both sets of evidence in reconstructing a history of these two settlements. He goes on to explore the existing environment and political setting that the Greeks encountered when they arrived, the development of the settlements themselves and their influence, the nature of society, the economy and political life. Throughout, an emphasis is placed on the individual nature of the settlements, based on the particular circumstances that existed in Sicily.
Among ancient writers Aristotle offers the most profound analysis of the ancient Greek household and its relationship to the state. The household was not the family in the modern sense of the term, but a much more powerful entity with significant economic, political, social, and educational resources. The success of the polis in all its forms lay in the reliability of households to provide it with the kinds of citizens it needed to ensure its functioning. In turn, the state offered the members of its households a unique opportunity for humans to flourish. This 2006 book explains how Aristotle thought household and state interacted within the polis.
Extraordinary cities : millennia of moral syndromes, world-systems and city/state relations
Even more studies in the ancient Greek Polis
A comparative study of thirty city-state cultures : an investigation conducted by the Copenhagen Polis Centre
Spider's trap
Citadel to city-state : the transformation of Greece, 1200-700 B.C.E
Art and the Greek city state : an interpretive archaeology
Churchmen and urban government in late Medieval Italy, c. 1200-c.1450
Land of Sikyon : archaeology and history of a Greek city-state
Burial and ancient society : the rise of the Greek city-state
Polis : an introduction to the ancient Greek city-state
The polis as an urban centre and as a political community : symposium August, 29-31 1996
Sovereign city : the city-state through history
A comparative study of six city-state cultures : an investigation conducted by the Copenhagen polis centre
Myth and territory in the Spartan Mediterranean
"Federalism begins with a paradox. In a transhistorical perspective, federalism represents a design to unite a multitude of state-entities whose powers and prerogatives are safeguarded in the course of integration. But in its attempt to achieve unity, federalism empowers constituents and grants them authority in such a manner that they might also jeopardize the goal of integration. Federalism therefore requires persistent and complex negotiation. There is a wide range of possible responses to the challenge of shaping a federal union. To maintain federal equilibrium, members may engage in, for instance, economic, cultural, linguistic, juristic, and genuine political negotiations"--
Gaetano Filangieri and his Science of legislation
The art of war
The Lombard League, 1164-1225
Sparta and Lakonia : a regional history 1300-362 BC
The topography of the city-state of Ugarit
This introductory history of Sparta gives readers a welcome overview of the intense and brilliant history of the great Greek city state.
A handbook of Greek constitutional history
The Florentine academy and the early modern state : the discipline of disegno
Olympia and the Classical Hellenic city-state culture
The foedus Gabinum
The Greek experiment : imperialism and social conflict 800-400 BC
Unthinking the Greek polis : Ancient Greek history beyond Eurocentrism
The Spartans : an epic history
Plato, politics, and a practical utopia : social constructivism and civic planning in the Laws
The ancient Greek city-state
Accepting that cities are extraordinary, this book provides an original city-centred narrative of human creativity, past, present and future. In this innovative, ambitious and wide-ranging book, Peter Taylor demonstrates that cities are the epicenters of human advancement. In exploring cities as sites through which economies flourish, by harnessing the creative potential of myriad communication networks, the author considers cities from varying temporal and spatial perspectives. Four stories of cities are told: the origins of city networks; the domination of cities by world-empires; the genesis of a singular modern creative interval in which innovation culminates in today s globalised cities; and finally, the need for cities to act as centres for human creativity to produce a more resilient global society in the current crisis century. Providing a long-term view through which to consider the role of cities in attending to incipient crises of the twenty-first century, this closely argued thesis will prove essential for students and scholars of urban studies, geography and sociology, and all those with a professional interest in, or personal fascination for, cities.
Cults, territory, and the origins of the Greek city-state
The artist, the philosopher and the warrior : Leonardo, Machiavelli and Borgia : a fateful collusion
The Middle Kingdom
Usually, a country brand is notŁfocused, resulting in unsuccessful place branding. It isŁpossible to successfully raise your national identity to the level of anŁattractive brand. Building a country brand is an investment, with strong positive returns. This book will guide you along the path to building aŁsuccessful brand.
From polis to borders : demarcation of social and ritual space in the sanctuary of Poseidon at Kalaureia, Greece
Age, marriage, and politics in fifteenth-century Ragusa
Private associations and the public sphere : proceedings of a symposium held at the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, 9-11 September 2010
City-state and world state in Greek and Roman political theory until Augustus
The Oxford illustrated history of Italy
A history of Sparta : 950-192 B.C
Megara Hyblaia and Selinous : the development of two Greek city-states in archaic Sicily
Prato : architecture, piety, and political identity in a Tuscan city-state
Political judgement : essays for John Dunn
Stasis and stability : exile, the polis, and political thought, c. 404-146 BC
The city-state of the Greeks and Romans : a survey, introductory to the study of ancient history
How to brand nations, cities and destinations : a planning book for place branding
The Mediterranean context of early Greek history
The household as the foundation of Aristotle's polis
Citizen and self in ancient Greece : individuals performing justice and the law
The mysteries of Artemis of Ephesos : cult, polis, and change in the Graeco-Roman world
The Italian renaissance state
From political architecture to Stephanus Byzantius : sources for ancient Greek polis
Federalism in Greek antiquity
