http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16483 zinc coating
zinc coating galvanising
Service life of hot-dip galvanised reinforcement bars in carbonated and chloride-contaminated concrete
Kuumasinkityn ohutlevyn hitsaus = Welding of hotdip galvanized sheet
Zinc-coated concrete reinforcement
This thesis studies suppliers' problems of meeting the technical requirements of hatch cover drive chains. The chains have technical requirements for corrosion resistance, elongation tolerances, surface hardness, breaking load limit and the surface wear resistance of the coating. The main problem with the chain suppliers has been to manufacture a hot-dip galvanized chain that can match the requirements given for elongation and breaking load limits. Hot-dip galvanization, mechanical galvanization processes as well as the manufacturing process of the chain were studied in the theory part of this thesis. Also the requirements were considered to see if they have been set too high. Three different types of chains were compared in the practical part of this thesis. One of these is a hot-dip galvanized chain currently in use, one is a hot-dip galvanized chain from a new chain supplier and one is a mechanically galvanized chain. The elongation and breaking load of the chains were tested using a universal testing machine. The elongation was tested by setting different forces and measuring the elongation. The breaking load limit was tested with the same test machine by stretching the chain until it breaks. A Rockwell testing method and testing device was used for measuring the surface hardness. The surface wear resistance and corrosion resistance were tested by first driving the chain in a testing machine which causes friction to the chain and thus wears the coating. The corrosion resistance properties were tested after the surface wear test by a salt spray test. The surface wear is seen by corrosion in the parts of the chain where the coating has been worn. The result of the tests was that both of the hot-dip galvanized chains met all the re-evaluated requirements while the mechanically galvanized chain lacked the properties for surface wear resistance.
Electroplating engineering handbook
The effect of hot-dip galvanizing on the strength of drive chains
