http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16470 eggs
eggs
A Walk in the Country : natural displays and creations for every season
Egg size asymmetry within Herring Gull clutches predicts fledging success
Quantitative trait loci for egg quality and production in laying hens
The avian egg : chemistry and biology
Abstract.
A comparative morphological-biological analysis of the egg capsules of freshwater pulmonate Gastropods : Hygrophila, Basommatophora, Pulmonata
The art of egg decorating
The art and technique of decorating eggs
A natural history journal 1983 - 1990 : a record of the concluding 8 years of Oological and Ornithological study and memories
Maternal effects in birds : the ecological and evolutionary significance of yolk androgens and other egg components
Daisy wal baida = Daisy and the egg
Egg-shells : an informal dissertation on birds' eggs in their every aspect and also embodying the repair and care of birds ̀eggs
Artful eggs : six dozen extraordinary ways to decorate an egg
Learn to cook Chinese dishes = Xue zuo Zhongguo cai, Qin dan lei, Poultry & Eggs
Decorating eggs : 15 fun and stylish projects for decorating eggs
Antipredator behaviours in prey and predators during breeding : from habitat selection to parental care
Fish physiology. 11, The physiology of developing fish : part A : eggs and larvae
Oxidative stress in breast and gynaecological carcinogenesis
Egg size in the Great Tit Parus major: individual, habitat and geographic differences
The Easter craft book
"For the first time ever, the legendary chef collects and updates the best recipes from his six-decade career. With a searchable DVD demonstrating every technique a cook will ever need. In his more than sixty years as a chef, Jacques Pepin has earned a reputation as a champion of simplicity. His recipes are classics. They find the shortest, surest route to flavor, avoiding complicated techniques. Now, in a book that celebrates his life in food, the world's most famous cooking teacher winnows his favorite recipes from the thousands he has created, streamlining them even further. They include Onion Soup Lyonnaise-Style, which Jacques enjoyed as a young chef while bar-crawling in Paris; Linguine with Clam Sauce and Vegetables, a frequent dinner chez Jacques; Grilled Chicken with Tarragon Butter, which he makes indoors in winter and outdoors in summer; Five-Peppercorn Steak, his spin on a bistro classic; Meme's Apple Tart, which his mother made every day in her Lyon restaurant; and Warm Chocolate Fondue Souffle, part cake, part pudding, part souffle, and pure bliss. Essential Pepin spans the many styles of Jacques's cooking: homey country French, haute cuisine, fast food Jacques-style, and fresh contemporary American dishes. Many of the recipes are globally inspired, from Mexico, across Europe, or the Far East. In the accompanying searchable DVD, Jacques shines as a teacher, as he demonstrates all the techniques a cook needs to know. This truly is the essential Pepin. "--
Benthic resting eggs in the life cycles of calanoid copepods in the northern Baltic Sea
Determining Production Lot Sizes and Reorder Points in the Manufacturing of Moulded Fibre
The book of eggs : a life-size guide to the eggs of six hundred of the world's bird species
Is it all about the price? : reasons for the small market shares of organic meat and meat products in Austria
Bird's eggs in the National Museums of Scotland
Broodstock management and egg and larval quality
Description of the larva of Xestia atrata (Morrison, 1874) (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) with notes on the biology of the species
Easter : a spring celebration of traditional crafts and recipes
Decorative eggs
A natural history journal 1976 - 1982 : a record of the next 7 years of Oological and Ornithological study and memories
The Decorative Egg Book : twenty charming ideas for creating beautiful displays
Posh eggs : over 70 recipes for wonderful eggy things
Egg performance, egg quality, and nutrient utilization in laying hens fed diets with different levels of rapeseed expeller cake
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Egg weight variation in Collared Flycatchers Ficedula albicollis
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Life history and description of the preimaginal stages of Scythris siccella (Zeller, 1839) (Lepidoptera: Scythrididae)
Colour identification guide to British butterflies
Frozen embryo transfer:early pregnancy, perinatal outcomes, and health of singleton children
Paques imperiales : les oeufs en porcelaine de l'Ermitage de Saint-Pétersbourg = Imperial Easter : porcelain eggs from the Hermitage museumin Saint Petersburg
Human zona pellucida abnormalities:a genetic approach to the understanding of fertilization failure
Searching for the phenotype of female metabolic syndrome in relation to polycystic ovary syndrome and for the genetic background of polycystic ovary syndrome
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
Summary in Finnish.
Daisy ve yumurta = Daisy and the egg
Expression of hyaluronan synthases and hyaluronidases in gynecological malignancies
The great Easter egg hunt
Essential Pepin : more than 700 all-time favorites from my life in food
Egg quality depends on mother's food availability and egg laying order in the magpie (Pica pica)
Matrix metalloproteinases -2 and -9 and tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases -1 and -2 in gynaecological cancers
We're going on an egg hunt
Great book of egg decorating
Geographic variation in timing of breeding and egg size in eight European species of waders
Angry Birds playground : animals
Emma the Easter fairy
Eggshell thickness in eleven sea and shore bird species of the Bothnian Bay
Egg covering in the Horned Grebe Podiceps auritus and the Great Crested Grebe Podiceps cristatus in a Finnish archipelago
Australian birds their nests and eggs
The odd colour of the last laid egg in Herring Gull Larus argentatus clutches: does it reflect egg quality?
Decorating eggs : exquisite designs with wax & dye
200 eggs a year per hen: how to get them : a practical treatise on egg making and its conditions and profits in poultry
International studies on sparrows
Mother Bruce
Daisy and the egg
Daisy và cái trúng = Daisy and the egg
Comparative descriptions of the immature stages and ecology of five Finnish melitaeine butterfly species (Lepidoptera: Nymphalidae)
Morphology of preimaginal stages of Lipara pullitarsis Doskočil & Chvála, 1971 (Diptera: Chloropidae) - a gall-forming fly in the common reed (Phragmites australis)
Fancy eggs
Maternal effects in the magpie
Molecular genetics of chicken egg quality
A popular history of British birds' eggs
Domestic duck production : science and practice
Egg painting and decorating : 20 enchanting ideas for creating beautiful displays
WPSA 21-25 June 2009, Turku, Finland : abstracts : XIX European Symposium on the Quality of Poultry Meat ; XIII European Symposium on the Quality of Eggs and Egg Products
The book of eggs : a lifesize guide to the eggs of six hundred of the world's bird species
The  art and technique of decorating eggs
A natural history journal 1950 - 1975 : a record of the first 26 years of Oological and Ornithological study and memories
Vegetarian cooking for you
Fitness consequences of egg shape variation: a study on two passerines and comments on the optimal egg shape model
The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of different levels of rapeseed expeller cake (RC) in the diet of laying hens on egg performance, egg quality, retention and excretion of nitrogen, calcium and phosphorus, and metabolizability of energy. The experiment was carried out with 72 Bovans Brown hens, from 28 to 53 weeks of age. Experimental treatment consisted of four isonitrogenous and isocaloric corn-soybean diets (as calculated: 17% crude protein, 11.6 MJ/kg metabolizable energy, 0.81% lysine, 0.36% methionine, 3.60% calcium and 0.37% available phosphorus), containing 0, 4, 6 or 8% RC. The RC used was produced from double zero rapeseed and contained 29.3% crude protein, 17.4% crude fat, 10.8% crude fibre, 0.63% calcium, 0.97% phosphorus, 1.91% lysine and 0.84% methionine. During the experimental period, the dietary level of RC had no significant effects on egg performance and egg quality parameters. Boiled eggs from hens fed a diet with 8% RC were characterized by an inferior flavour to those from other groups. There were no treatment effects on nitrogen balance or metabolizability of energy, though the highest dietary level of RC negatively affected retention and excretion of calcium and phosphorus.
The quest for calcium : calcium limitation in the reproduction of forest passerines in relation to snail abudance and soil acidification
In vitro effect of condensed tannins from tropical fodder crops against eggs and larvae of the nematode Haemonchus contortus
Lulu and the duck in the park
Operative treatment of ovarian cancer and borderline tumors in different hospital categories in Finland
Peter Rabbit and the egg hunt
Cookwise : the hows and why of successful cooking
The study was conducted to evaluate an appropriate inclusion level of white-flowered semi-leafless green spring peas in diets for laying hens. Egg production and egg quality variables (specific weight, Haugh unit, shell strenght) were determined with 576 hens in a 52-week feeding experiment, which comprised of three feeding phases. The hens were offered one of the four cereal and soybean meal (SBM) based experimental diets. Peas were tested in proportions of 0, 100, 200 or 300 g kg-1 in the diet. Pea inclusion had no effects on production performance, feed consumption or feed conversion ratio (FCR) of the hens during the entire trial. The pea inclusion impaired FCR during the second feeding phase (p < 0.05) and increased birds' live weight in a linear manner during the second and the third feeding phases (p < 0.05). Pea inclusion had no effects on egg quality. It can be concluded that at least 300 g kg-1 of the studied peas can be used in the diets of laying hens without negative effects on production performance or egg quality.
Changes in eggshell thickness, shell conductance and pore density during incubation in the Peking Duck (Anas platyrhynchos f. dom.)
Granulosa cell anti-Müllerian hormone secretion in ovarian development and disease
Use of semi-leafless peas (Pisum sativum L) in laying hen diets
Gas exchange in avian eggs : publications in gas exchange, physical properties, and dimensions of bird eggs. [Vol. 1]
The species of Perla (Plecoptera: Perlidae) : evidence from egg morphology
Spot's Easter surprise
Management systems for organic egg production : aiming to improve animal health and welfare
Catalogue of the birds eggs in the collection of the National Museums of Rhodesia
Egg production and incubation
The oocyte derived growth factors, GDF9 and GDF9B, and their biological activities in 'in vitro' cell models
Low-dose aspirin therapy in IVF and ICSI patients
Oxidative stress in the pathogenesis and prognosis of ovarian cancer
Gas exchange of avian eggs : publications in gas exchange, water loss, energy metabolism and growth of avian eggs and chicks. Vol. 2
Fractionation of hen egg and oat lipids with supercritical fluids : chemical and functional properties of fractions
Ten eggs in a nest
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 1, A - T
Epidemiological study of the role of vitamin D in the aetiology of ovarian cancer
Inter-clutch egg size variation in kestrels Falco tinnunculus: seasonal decline under fluctuating food conditions
Natural history of some Siberian melitaeine butterfly species (Nymphalidae: Melitaeini) and their parasitoids
Immature stages of Polymixis aphrodite Fibiger, 1997 (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae)
Differences in egg quality and breeding success between rural and urban magpies
Join all the animals friends on their very adventurous egg hunt! Will they find lots of chocolate to share? But look out-these curious hunters might also find an uneggspected surprise!
Scruffy bear and the lost ball
Egg rejection in European blackbirds (Turdus merula) : the effect of mimicry
The omelette book
Oviposition niches and behavior of the genus Lixus Fabricius (Coleoptera: Curculionidae, Lixinae)
Easter : a celebration : beautiful ideas for springtime festivities
Birds of our country and of the dominions, colonies and dependencies: their life, eggs, nests and identification. Volume 2, T - Y, Birds of Asia, Africa, N. & S. America, Australasia, and classification of birds
Maternal effects in birds : the ecological and evolutionary signifigance of yolk androgens and other egg components
Host responses against natural and experimental conpecific brood paratism in the Starling Sturnus vulgaris
Mediterranean cookbook : fresh, fast and easy recipes
Animal food production
Regulation and function of GATA transcription factors in adrenocortical tumors and granulosa cells
Egg : exploit the versatility, aroma and taste
Timing of breeding and the clutch size in the Pied Flycatcher, Ficedula hypoleuca, in Finnish Lapland
Scrambled eggs super!
Painted eggs : using dyes, watercolours, gouache, pencil and inks
Culture of cold-water marine fish
Biogeographical patterns and reproductive traits in woodpeckers
Bruce is a grumpy bear who likes no one and nothing but cooked eggs, but when some eggs he was planning to boil hatch and the goslings believe he is their mother, he must try to make the best of the situation.
Happy Easter, Peter
Microbiological analysis of red meat, poultry and eggs
Living on voles : plastic life of the Ural owl
The insect eggshell : ultrastructure, organisation and adaptive traits in Odonata and Diptera
The splendid art of decorating eggs
Easter things to make and do
E. Aster Bunnymund and the warrior eggs at the earth́s core
Notes on nests, eggs and nestlings of the Siberian Tit, Parus cinctus
Hyperandrogenism, menstrual irregularities and polycystic ovary syndrome:impact on female reproductive and metabolic health from early adulthood until menopause
