http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1647 economics of crime
economics of crime
An occupational choice model of crime switching
Economics of criminal law
Surveys in the economics of uncertainty
Handbook of the sociology of morality
The international handbook on computer crime : computer-related economic crime and the infringements of privacy
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
The political economy of illegal drugs
Law and revolution. 2, The impact of the Protestant reformations on the western legal tradition
Criminal dilemmas : understanding and preventing crime
Encyclopedia of law and economics. Vol. 5, The economics of crime and litigation
Law and Economics
Learning to work together : collaboration between authorities in economic-crime investigation
Economic crime : a bibliography
Theoretical foundations of law and economics
The costs of crime and justice
Thin on top : why corporate governance matters and how to measure and improve board performance
Law and economics
Economic analysis of law
Capital, payments, and money laundering in the EU
Law and economics. Vol. 2, Contracts, torts and criminal law
Essays on illegal activities, institutions and economic growth
Research handbook on the economics of criminal law
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
The political economy of violence against women
Economics of crime : to what extent does probability of capture have a deterrent effect on acquisitive crimes in Finland?
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Economics of crime : theory and practice
Structures of counselling interaction : a conversation analytic study of counselling encounters in career guidance training
Corporate contracting capabilities : conference proceedings and other writings
Private and public deterrence of predatory crime
Computer-related crime : analysis of legal policy
The disruption of international organised crime : an analysis of legal and non-legal strategies
The dynamics of economic crime control
The economics of law
Security problems and policies in the post-cold war Caribbean
Corruption : The New Corporate Challenge
The economic analysis of environmental policy and law : an introduction
