http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16484 glass
glass
Conservation of the decorative arts
Decorating in the glass industry
SEM-EDS and PIXE analyses of Medieval glass from the Museum Aboa Vetus in Turku
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Secondary manufacturing in the glass industry
Crackle Glass in color : depression to '70s
The aim of this thesis was to optimize a downstream method, the rinsing of bioactive glass granules. The thesis was commissioned by BonAlive Biomaterials Ltd. All experimental work was performed within the company premises. BonAlive Biomaterials manufactures products for bone regeneration, for example bioactive glass granules for bone cavity filling. The company was preparing for a production scale-up which created the need for this thesis. The primary concern was the powder generated in the production process of milling and sieving the granules to a smaller diameter. This powder attaches to the surface of the granules. The effects of the powder are not documented regarding the working mechanism of bioactive glass. It was desired to preserve the bioactivity of the granules whilst raising the amount of granules in a single rinse and decreasing time required for the rinsing procedure. The old method of rinsing utilized an empty ball mill to loosen the dust. The granules were submerged in ethanol and placed in the container of the mill. This step in the process was deemed too time consuming. After the washing of the granules with the mill, the granules were placed on a sieve and rinsed using a squeeze bottle. One goal of this thesis was to remove the mill from the rinsing process. A novel rinsing method using a diaphragm pump and a shower head was developed. Two sets of tests were designed, one to measure the effect of the glass powder on the pH of bioactive glass granules in TRIS solution, and another to test the efficiency of the novel method for removing powder from the granules.The possible effects of excess powder were researched. It was discovered that the powder generated in normal production of granules does not affect the pH level of bioactive glass. It was also discovered that the developed rinsing method removes most of the glass powder attached to the granules. The new method is superior to the old one as it cuts the time used per rinse to 1/5 of the original time. The amount of granules rinsed per batch also rose from to 2.5 times when compared to the old method.
2000-2001 DuPont Benedictus Student Design Competition : Multipurpose entertainment retail facility
Glass of the Roman empire
Dress and identity in Iron Age Britain : a study of glass beads and other objects of personal adornment
Fuse it : a continuing journey in kiln worker glass
Mid-century modern : living with mid-century modern design
Proton-induced X-ray emission analysis of early Finnish "Waldglas"
Stained glass classroom : projects using copper foil, lead & mosaic techniquies
Miller's collecting modern design
Scandinavian modern home
Soul in design : Finland as an example
Pioneers of contemporary glass : highlights from the Barbara and Dennis DuBois Collection
Glass 5,000 years
Glasses and glass-ceramics
Bibliography of glass : from the earliest times to the present = Bibliographie du verre : depuis les temps les plus anciens jusqu'à nos jours = Bibliographie über Glas : aus frühester Zeit bis heute = Bibliograpfie over Glas : vanaf de vroegste tijd tot heden
Etching glass : 20 simple, elegant projects to etch with easy-to-use creams and liquids
Concise encyclopedia of the mechanical properties of materials
Colour generation and control in glass
Art of the past : sources and reconstructions : proceedings of the first symposium of the Art Technological Source Research study group
Relaxation in glass and composites
An overview of the importance of conference networking in the glass industry : case Glass Performance Days
Pateerns captured in glass
A century of dining in style
A short history of glass
The encyclopedia of glass
Tiffin glass 1914-1940
British Glass : 1800-1914
Glass in architecture
Pressed flint glass
At home with Wedgwood : the art of the table
The story of glass
Esineitä ympärillämme = The things around us
Ars Vitraria : glass in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Conservation and preservation of stained glass with special reference to post-mediaeval glasses in The Netherlands : international conference, Lunteren 1981
Glass : mechanics and technology
Ceramic review
Gameo Glass : masterpieces from 2000 years of glassmaking
Ribbed beakers with applied glass threads in Europe = Čišky s taženými kapkami v Evropě
Natural aluminous raw materials in glass melting
Characterization techniques of glasses and ceramics
Absorption of ferric iron in reduced soda-silica glasses containing chalcogenides
Forming in the glass industry : in two parts. Part one, Forming machines and methods
Glass painting made easy
Studies in ancient technology : volume V
Young glass 1997 : 5th June - 5 th October 1997.
Glass : a world history
Making stained glass panels
ICOM CC Lisbon 2011 : Preprints 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011.
Introduction to glass fusing : an illustrated tutorial on the techniques of art glass fusing. Filled with easy to follow step-by-step photos, useful hottip sidebars and complete project instructions
Glass review
The properties of optical glass
Contact Lens Practice
The market opportunities for B.L.I/D.B.P in Finland : a preliminary study about the optical stores and their customers in Finland
World art glass quarterly
Painting glass with the color shaper
Creating a marketing plan for Specsavers Opticians Seinäjoki
Ancient glass : an interdisciplinary exploration
Practical conservation : our guide to caring for your treasures
Warm glass : kiln-fired glass forming techniques
Conservation of historic stained glass windows : international examination of new methods, part 1 : Research report 108 07 005/03 subsidised by the Umweltbundesamt (German Environmental Protection Agency) from funds of the environmental research plan of the Federal Minister for the Environment, Nature Conservation and Nuclear Safety
Louis Comfort  Tiffany : masterworks
Italian glass : century 20
Tiffin modern : mid-century art glass
Glass in building : a guide to modern architectural glass performance
Tiffany garden. Book 1, Mosaic stepping stones and bricks
Inspirations in kiln-formed glass : 25 projects for fusing and slumping
International modern glass
Glass buildings : material, structure and detail
Stained glass : techniques & projects
Glass and archaeology
American glass
Guide to refractory and glass reactions
Chemistry of glasses
The new stained glass : techniques, projects, patterns, designs
Engineering materials. 2, An introduction to microstructures and processing
Glass Performance Days : : conference proceedings
Traditional glassworking techniques
Effects of modes of formation on the structure of glasses : international conference... 2. Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN, June 8-11, 1987
An introduction to glass : craft, technology and art
Glass : The UrbanGlass Art Quarterly
Glass and ceramics conservation 2007 : interim meeting of the ICOM-CC working group august 27 - 30, 2007 Nova Gorica, Slovenia
Crystallization characteristics of bioactive glasses
Glass Performance Days : professionals products processing : conference proceedings, Tampere, Finland 15-18 June 2007.
Glass from Antiquity to the Renaissance
Glass engraving : lettering and design
The art of stained glass : designs from 21 top glass artists
Healing of cranial critical sized defects with grafts, stem cells, growth factors and bio-materials
Coburger Glaspreis für zeitgenösschische Glaskunst  2006 = Coburg glass prize for contemporary glass in Europe 2006
Optimization of bioactive glass granule rinse
Glass : from Antiquity to the Renaissance
Encyclopedia of American cut and engraved glass
Decorative arts and architecture of the 1920s : le arti d'oggi
Design with glass
Glass art : the easy way to a stained glass look
Studies in early Egyptian glass
Lasitutkimuksia - Glass research III (1986)
Schott guide to glass. Heinz G. Pfaender revised and expanded by Hubert Schroeder
ICOM Committee for Conservation : 16th triennial conference Lisbon, 19-23 September 2011 : abstracts
The glass from the Gnalić wreck
Heat transfer phenomena in float glass heat treatment processes
The lost treasures of Louis Comfort Tiffany
Quick success stained glass : a beginner's instruction guide
Lyricism of modern design : Swedish glass 1900-1979
On glass
Analytical techniques in materials conservation
Discovering stained glass
Sressed glass : Zappi or product development for the NAi = Gespannen glas : Zappi of produktontwikkeling voor het NAi
Effectively manage even the most challenging contact lens complications with help from Contact Lens Complications, 3rd Edition! Award-winning author, clinician, and researcher Professor Nathan Efron presents a thoroughly up-to-date, clinician-friendly guide to identifying, understanding, and managing ocular response to contact lens wear. Evaluate and manage patients efficiently with an organization that parallels your clinical decision making, arranging complications logically by tissue pathologies. Turn to the lavish illustrations and full-color schematic diagrams for a quick visual understanding of the causes and remedies for contact lens complications. Stay up to date with the latest advances and concepts in contact-lens-related ocular pathology, including findings from the Dry Eye Workshop (DEWS), the International Workshop on Meibomian Gland Dysfunction, a new approach to corneal inflammatory events and microbial keratitis, and new instrumentation and techniques for anterior eye examination. Consult the most comprehensive and widely-used grading system available, as well as 350 new references that reflect an evidence-based approach, and dozens of superb new illustrations that help you instantly recognize clinical signs.
Glass beads : tips, tools, and techniques for learning the craft
The McGraw-Hill recycling handbook
Reverse paintings on glass : the Ryser Collection
No green berries or leaves : the creative journey of an artist in glass
New trends for glazed structures
Bioactive glasses with a large working range
Surface & finish : a directory of materials for interiors
Changes in a Land Snail community (Gastropoda) in an open cut forest area
American glass review
Stained glass
Venetian glass of the 1890s : Salviati at Stanford University
Spin glasses and other frustrated systems
Tiffany windows : Stained class Pattern Book
Making Tiffany lamps : how to create museum-quality authentic reproductions
Elegant glass : early, depression, & beyond
Coloured glass for lead-free base glasses
Glasswork : Hand painting glass for the home
Materials for engineering
This study was carried out in South Finland, in Hollola. The sample areas are situated in the middle of an open cut area. I took the samples in 1991 and 2009. Five species disappeared and five new species was observed. The species that increased the most are Discus ruderatus, Vitrina pellucida and Columella edentula. The variation in species of vascular plants has been noticeable. The moisture close to the soil surface is important to land snails, especially the remaining of ferns suffices for land snails.
Glass processing days : conference proceedings, 13 to 16 June 1999, Tampere, Finland
Stained glass : conservation of monumental stained and painted glass
Conservation in archaeology and the applied arts : preprints of the Contributions to the Stockholm Congress 2-6 June 1975
Glassworking processes & properties
Shared experiences : transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramics and Glass Conservation Group Meetings
Pixe analysis of old Finnish glass
Forming in the glass industry : in two parts. Part two, Accessories to glass forming
Sotheby's concise encyclopedia of glass
The Encyclopedia of antiques
Bottles and bottle collecting
Schadenskatalog für Glasobjekte = Damage catalogue for glass objects = Catalogue dégâtsdes objects en verre
Photoelasticity of glass
Bontemps on glass making : the Guide du verrier of Georges Bontemps
A History of glass
5000 years of glass / edited by Hugh Tait
Scanning electron microscopy-energy dispersive spectrometry and proton induced X-ray emission analyses of medieval glass from Koroinen (Finland)
Pre-tensioning method for production of fiber-reinforced composite poles for root canal posts
Glass Deliveries in Spare Parts : Case Kalmar Parts
Finnish post war glass : 1945 - 1996.
Glass processing days
Uncommon description of common glasses
[Kokoelma = Collection]. 2001
Beadmaking : with Kristina Logan
Electric melting in the glass industry
Decorative Victorian glass
Creating glass beads : a new workshop to expand your beginner skills and develop your artistic voice
Refurbishing antiques
Designs in miniature : the story of mosaic glass
The curious collector : a lively little tour of 101 favorite collectibles
Prehistoric glass in Bohemia
The glass collector : a guide to old English glass
Chihuly : gardens & glass
Past objects
Structural glass
Basic glass fusing : all the skills and tools you need to get started
European Glass from 1500-1800, The Ernesto Wolf Cellection
The Parks Canada glass glossary : for the description of containers, tableware, flat glass and closures
China and glass in America 1880-1980 : from tabletop to TV tray
Annealing and stregthening in the glass industry
Development of flame spray method for colored glass coatings and materials production
Abstract:
