http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16431 health foods and supplements
health foods and supplements
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you, your baby (newborn to 3 years)
It must be my hormones : getting your life on track with the help of natural bio-identical hormone therapy and nutrition
Organic & wholefoods : naturally delicious cuisine
Plans and actions for internationalization by North Karelian companies and co-operatives of gathered and organically farmed products
Chemistry of natural products
Market research for entering russian e-commerce market for a finnish organic product based SME
Summary: Parapharmaceutical products at the pharmacy.
Natural remedies
Complementary medicine in Australia
The whole soy story : the dark side of America's favorite health food
Glycemic index : from research to nutrition recommendations?
The essential guide to natural skin care : choosing botanicals, oils & extracts for simple & healthy beauty
How Indians use wild plants for food, medicine and crafts : Formerly titled Uses of plants by the Chippewa Indians
Organic beauty
Export opportunities of food supplements in Germany, Greece and Bulgaria
Customer buying behavior and satisfaction : case: Luontaistuntijat Ltd
Traditional herbal medicinal products : changed monitoring within the EU
Back to basics
The manufacture of medical and health products by transgenic plants
Ethnopharmacological studies of the plants
Understanding the global spa industry : spa management
Value-adding standards in the North American food market : trade opportunities in certified products for developing countries
A green guide to natural beauty : 35 step-by step projects for homemade beauty
The holistic beauty book : over 100 natural recipes for gorgeous healthy skin
Natural products and molecular therapy
The objective of this thesis was to help the sponsor company (Luontaistuntijat Ltd) in getting to know its clients better and to acquire information about their consumer behavior and satisfaction. The following questions were answered with this thesis: who are the clients of Luontaistuntijat (socio-demographic variables), what is their buying behavior, how satisfied are the clients currently and which means of marketing are most effective in attracting and informing the clients about the products of Luontaistuntijat.    Theory background was based on the buying decision process (Jobber 2007) and on total perceived quality theory (Grönroos 2007). The thesis was carried out employing a quantitative research method. The survey was conducted in internet format using Webropol web survey tool and analyzed with SPSS and excel. The questionnaire was open for respondents starting from 6 of May 2011 until 14 of May. Altogether 701 answers were received.    The results of this study indicated that clients are satisfied with their experiences concerning interaction with Luontaistuntijat sales personnel and with its products. Best marketing channels are direct marketing for traditional shop visitors and Internet and direct marketing for online-buyers. Over three thirds of customers are traditional buyers (shop visitors) and a bit less than one fourth are online-buyers.    Based on this research two main recommendations were given to the management of Luontaistuntijat. In order to increase the turn-over it would be wise to try to involve more people to buy online and to attract more male clients as they both seem to form only a small part of customers nowadays.
Beauty steals : beauty bible
Thorsons organic consumer guide : food you can trust
Marketing in regulated marketing environment : the natural health product industry in  Finland
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Brassicas, and XVIth Crucifer Genetics Workshop
Face, Hair and body : making organic masks, treatments and lotions for natural beauty
The health delusion : how to achieve exceptional health in the 21st century
A natural guide to bringing up your baby : the kind way for you and your baby (newborn to 3 years)
Correct and safe use of natural products
Cultivation and processing of medicinal plants
Anticancer agents from natural products
"Did you know that a few drops of eucalyptus oil can prevent clothes moths? Or that jojoba and lavender oils are a highly effective moisturiser?   Try It: Natural Remedies is the ultimate collection of tried-and-tested recipes for every domestic need. This handy book shows you how to take natural, simple ingredients such as essential oils, herbs, honey, lemon, and baking soda, and turn them into shampoos, mouthwashes, and household cleaners that are safe, effective and kind to the environment.  Packed with remedies for health, beauty, house,garden, and pets, Try It! Natural Remedies is brimful of recipes for lotions and potions to treat common ailments, have radiant skin, restore scuffed furniture, and remove stains, all without resorting to commercial chemicals."--Publisher description.
A green guide to your natural pregnancy and birth : the kind way for you, your baby and the environment
Bioactive natural products : detection, isolation, and structural determination
Mosby's handbook of drug-herb and drug-supplement interactions
Encyclopedia of common natural ingredients used in food, drugs, and cosmetics
