http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16523 environmental sociology
environmental sociology
Russian environmentalism : the Yanitsky reader
Productive uncertainty : indeterminacy in spatial design, planning and management = Productieve onzekerheid : het onvoorziene in planning, ontwerp en beheer
The sociology of the environment. Vol. 2
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Society and nature : towards a green social theory
City
Citizen participation in road planning : a case study of local archipelago community
The resilience of communities and nature-based livelihoods in northern Finland
Sustainable practices : social theory and climate change
Workshop on sociological perspectives on global climate change
Eating the ocean
The point of no return : social dimensions of losing salmon in two northern rivers
Tradition, location and community : place-making and development
Environment and behavior : EB
Climate change, living environment and ways of life : a project outline
Nature wars : the incredible story of how wildlife comebacks turned backyards into battlegrounds
The SAGE handbook of sociology
The ecologists from merry naturalists to saviours of the nation : a sociologically informed narrative survey of the ecologization of Sweden 1895-1975
The Olympic Games and the environment
The Vuotos reservoir project : a plan without alternatives
Nowadays, sports Mega-events - with the Olympic Games leading the way, go to immense effort to showcase their environmental credentials. With that in mind, this book compares and contrasts the environmental credentials of four Olympic Host cities starting with Sydney 2000, the host of the first Green Summer Olympics, and culminating with London 2012. Setting out a comparative cross-national study that makes extensive use of perspectives offered by environmental sociology, this book showcases the scientific analytical vigour of this sociological sub-discipline. Since in most cases, the linkages between hosting the Games and the environment that are made by the general public and policy-makers are mostly in relation to the regeneration of the host city, this book engages with this type of environmental related contributions that can be made by Olympic Games hosting. Yet, inspired by the emphasis that the International Olympic Committee (IOC) gives on the environmental impact and legacy of Games in terms of the Ecological Modernization (EM) perspective, the book engages with the potential imbued by Olympic Games hosting for the EM of the host nation.
The philosophy of social ecology : essays on dialectical naturalism
The anthropology of utopia : essays on social ecology and community development
Wasted : counting the costs of global consumption
Citizens, experts, and the environment : the politics of local knowledge
Sociological theory and the environment : classical foundations, contemporary insights
Human choice and climate change. Volume 1, The societal framework
Environmental problems grassroots solutions : the politics of grassroots environmental conflict
Resilience, vulnerability and adaptation in reindeer herding communities in the Finnish-Swedish border area
Los Angeles : the architecture of four ecologies
Biodiversity and landscapes : a paradox of humanity
Environmental psychology : an introduction
Definition of environmental information in road planning : a case of the planning a fixed road connection in Turku Archipelago
This collection focuses on the interrelation of architecture and society. It examines the extent to which the insights of science and technology studies can be used to analyse the role of architecture in and for social life. The book's case studies deal with various aspects of social life: ethics, neighbourhood life, aging, perceptions and interpretations of the built environment, participation in design processes, interaction with and the adaptation of architecture. Architecture, Materiality and Society examines the question of whether architecture - and thus materiality as a whole - has agency. The book concludes with a thorough analysis of studies carried out so far on the interdependence of architecture and society, both from the field of science and technology studies and urban studies. Finally, it proposes a theoretical and methodological approach on how to research architecture's agency within society.
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
The sociology of the environment. Vol. 3
Science and environmental decision making
Ideology, social theory, and the environment
Human choice and climate change. Volume 3, The tools for policy analysis
Political theory and ecological values
Territorial belonging between ecology and culture
Litter : the remains of our culture
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
New developments in environmental sociology
Ecopolis : architecture and cities for a changing climate
The ecological modernization of production and consumption : essays in environmental sociology
Journal of environmental education
Thorstein Veblen's contribution to environmental sociology : essays in the political ecology of wasteful industrialism
Introducing social semiotics
Place-based conservation : perspectives from the social sciences
Sociology and the environment : a critical introduction to society, nature, and knowledge
Sociology and nature : social action in context
Environmentalism and cultural theory : exploring the role of anthropology in environmental discourse
Society and its environment : an introduction
Nature and the social sciences : examples from the electricity and waste sectors
Global environmental change : understanding the human dimension
Consumption and everyday life
Environmental policy, assessment and communication
Human choice and climate change. Volume 2, Resources and technology
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Forest policies and social change in England
Social theory and the global environment
Climate impact assessment : studies of the interaction of climate and society
Nature : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 4, Reconfiguring the social/natural interface
Taming the dragon : transforming economic institutions in the face of global change
Perceptions of health : water and sanitation problems in rural and urban communities in Nigeria
The concept of “Place” has become prominent in natural resource management, as professionals increasingly recognize the importance of scale, place-specific meanings, local knowledge, and social-ecological dynamics. Place-Based Conservation: Perspectives from the Social Sciences offers a thorough examination of the topic, dividing its exploration into four broad areas. Place-Based Conservation provides a comprehensive resource for researchers and practitioners to help build the conceptual grounding necessary to understand and to effectively practice place-based conservation.
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
The environment : from surplus to scarcity
World resources 2002-2004 : [decisions for the earth: balance, voice, and power]
The new political sociology of science : institutions, networks, and power
The international handbook of political ecology
Ecology, society & the quality of social life
Sustainable development : principles, frameworks, and case studies
The environment in contexts : environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
Climate change and society : sociological perspectives
The green case : a sociology of environmental issues, arguments and politics
Democracy, dialogue, and environmental disputes : the contested languages of social regulation
If a tree falls, for whom does it make a sound? : multilocality and multivocality in Yukon forests
The silent countdown : essays in European environmental history
A neighborhood that never changes : gentrification, social preservation, and the search for authenticity
Rapid climate change : causes, consequences, and solutions
The international handbook of environmental sociology
This volume examines dynamic interactions between the calculative and speculative practices of commerce and the fruitfulness, variability, materiality, liveliness and risks of nature. It does so in diverse environments caught up in new trading relationships forged on and through frontiers for agriculture, forestry, mining and fishing. Historical resource frontiers are understood in terms of commercial knowledge systems organized as projects to transform landscapes and environments. The book asks: how were environments traded, and with what environmental and landscape consequences? How have environments been engineered, standardized and transformed within past trading systems? What have been the successes and failures of economic knowledge in dealing with resource production in complex environments? It considers cases from northern Europe, North and South America, Central Africa and New Zealand in the period between 1750 and 1990, and the contributors reflect on the effects of transnational commodity chains, competing economic knowledge systems, environmental ignorance and learning, and resource exploitation. In each case they identify tensions, blind spots, and environmental learning that plagued commercial projects on frontiers.
Environmental sociology : from analysis to action
The life region : the social and cultural ecology of sustainable development
Environment, energy, and society
Culture and environment
This book shows how questions about the environment cannot be properly answered without taking a sociological approach. It provides a comprehensive guide to the ways in which sociologists have responded to the challenge of environmental issues as diverse as global warming, ozone depletion, biodiversity loss and marine pollution. It also covers sociological ideas such as risk, interpretations of nature, environmental realism, ecological modernization and globalization. Environmentalism and green politics are also introduced. Unlike many other texts in the field, the book takes a long-term view, locating environmental dilemmas within the context of social development and globalization. The Environment: A Sociological Introduction is unique in presenting environmental issues at an introductory level that assumes no specialist knowledge on the part of readers. The book is written in a remarkably clear and accessible style, and uses a rich range of empirical examples from across the globe to illustrate key debates. A carefully assembled glossary and annotated further reading suggestions also help to bring ideas to life. The book will be a valuable resource for students in a range of disciplines, including sociology, geography and the environmental sciences, but also for anyone who wants to get to grips with contemporary environmental debates.
The refinement of production : ecological modernization theory and the chemical industry
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
The Soviet collective farm : a sociological study
The environment : a sociological introduction
"Explores the environment's effects on human wellbeing and behaviour, factors influencing environmental behaviour and ways of encouraging pro-environmental action"--
Urban assemblages : how actor-network theory changes urban studies
Natural resource use and global change : new interdisciplinary perspectives in social ecology
Traditional values, protest behavior : Japanese women and environmental activism
Climate change and society
Perceptions of nature, expressions of nation : an environmental history of Estonia
Social theory and the environment
Political ecology across spaces, scales, and social groups
Geography and identity : living and exploring geopolitics of identity
Cultural theory and cultural change
The aesthetics of everyday life
Sosiology and 'nature'
Historical approach to environmental sociology
Minding nature : the philosophers of ecology
The economics of tourism [Ellibs-kirja]
West Highland survey : an essay in human ecology
Climate change is one of the most critical issues of the twenty-first century, presenting a major intellectual challenge to both the natural and social sciences. While there has been significant progress in natural science understanding of climate change, social science research has not been as fully developed. Climate Change and Society: Sociological Perspectives breaks new theoretical and empirical ground by presenting climate change as a thoroughly social phenomenon, embedded in our institutions and cultural practices. This collection of essays summarizes the existing approaches to understanding the social, economic, political, and cultural dimensions of climate change. From the factors that drive carbon emissions to the forces which influence societal responses to climate change, the book provides a comprehensive overview of the social dimensions behind climate change. An understanding of the relationship between climate change and human behavior is a critical element in developing a more sustainable future, changing human habits and behaviors for the better, and creating just and effective environmental policies.
Green cultural criminology : constructions of environmental harm, consumerism, and resistance to ecocide
"Building on recent developments in social ecology, this book advances a new critical theory of society and nature, exploring social metabolism and global resource flows in contemporary society. Charting the historical development of social ecology in the context of environmental research, the book examines the interactions between society and nature and identifies both the barriers to global sustainability and the conditions and best practice for transforming industrial economies towards new sustainable resource use."
Riding the wind : a new philosophy for a new era
The sociology of urban life
The sociology of the environment. Vol. 1
Landscape, law and justice : proceedings of a conference organised by the Centre for Advanced Study at the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, Oslo, 15-19 June 2003
Neighbourhood projects in the framework of ecosocial work in Finland
Approaching society : from theoretical to empirical sociology
Summary: Environmentalism as a regulative idea : social psychological analysis.
The modern crisis
Human choice and climate change. Volume 4, "What have we learned?"
Decision-makers and experts defining the concept of "sustainable development"
Architecture, materiality and society : connecting sociology of architecture with science and technology studies
Community resilience and environmental transitions
Managing floods, managing people : a political ecology of watercourse regulation on the Kemijoki
This unique and insightful text offers an exploration of the origins and subsequent development of the concept of just sustainability. It discusses key topics, such as food justice, the democratization of our streets, social inclusion, and alternative economic models, with a specific focus on solutions-oriented policy and planning initiatives that specifically address issues of equity and justice within the context of developing sustainable communities.
People and environment
This book launches a strategy for sustainable development, starting from a socio-ecological position and developing a model for a socially and culturally supportive community, or 'Life Region'. Special emphasis is placed on the situation of the provincial and peripheral regions of Europe and the world, and the introduction of self-reliant civic strategies in national and international politics.
"Over the last two decades, "green criminology" has emerged as a unique area of study, bringing together criminologists and sociologists from a wide range of research backgrounds and varying theoretical orientations. It spans the micro to the macro--from individual-level environmental crimes and victimization to business/corporate violations and state transgressions. There have been few attempts, however, to explicitly or implicitly integrate cultural criminology into green criminology (or vice versa).This book moves towards articulating a green cultural criminological perspective. Brisman and South examine existing overlapping research and offer a platform to support future excursions by green criminologists into cultural criminology's concern with media images and representations, consumerism and consumption, and resistance. At the same time, they offer an invitation to cultural criminologists to adopt a green view of the consumption landscape and the growth (and depictions) of environmental harms.Green Cultural Criminology is aimed at students, academics, criminologists and sociologists with an interest in green criminology and cultural criminology: two of the most exciting new areas in criminology today"--
Human response to global change
Introducing just sustainabilities : policy, planning, and practice
Approahes to man's relation to nature : tracing the origins
Environmental sociology : theory and practice
Urban ecology
Environment, energy, and society : exemplary works
Design professionals and the built environment : an introduction
City publics : the (dis)enchantments of urban encounters
Inventing nature : ecological restoration by public experiments
New directions in environmental participation
Social ecology after Bookchin
Nature : critical concepts in the social sciences. Vol. 3, From 'nature' to 'natures' : contestation and reconstruction
Trading environments : frontiers, commercial knowledge, and environmental transformation, 1750-1990
Rationality & nature : a sociological inquiry into a changing relationship
