http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16569 vertigo
vertigo dizziness
Genetic and clinical features of familial Meniere's disease in Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu
Evaluation of vestibular function with visual feedback posturography and motorized head impulse test
Psychiatric symptoms in vertigo patients
Genetic and clinical features of familial Meniere’s disease in Northern Ostrobothnia and Kainuu
The human oculomotor system : a clinical, physiological and methodological study of voluntary eye movements
Presbyequilibrium and falls among institutionally residing and community-dwelling older adults : characterization and prevention : a clinical study
Etiology of dizziness : a neurological and neuro-otological study
Construction of an expert system to support otoneurological vertigo diagnosis
Vertigo as a companion through life : empirical studies regarding psychological factors in Menière's disease
Dizziness, hearing loss and tinnitus
The consumer handbook on dizziness and vertigo
Gentamicin treatment and headache in Menière's disease
Basic and clinical aspects of vertigo and dizziness
"With an increasing number of referrals to treat balance impairment, gait disorders, and dizziness, A Clinician's Guide to Balance and Dizziness: Evaluation and Treatment by Dr. Charles M. Plishka looks to address these issues and provides tests, measures, and interventions that are matched to research studies when available, for evidence-based practice. It begins with a review of the anatomy and physiology of the systems used to balance. With a basic understanding of how we balance, the signs and symptoms of patients will be understood with much greater ease. A Clinician's Guide to Balance and Dizziness enables the reader to perform a complete and thorough evaluation and helps to provide treatment options for identified deficits that place the patient at risk for falls. Along with numerous diagrams and photos, this text comes with access to a web site containing video clips that demonstrate key evaluation and treatment techniques. The result will be a better evaluation, treatment plan, and outcome. A Clinician's Guide to Balance and Dizziness: Evaluation and Treatment is an easy-to-use reference perfect for professionals who assess and treat balance impairments and dizziness. While it is an instructional text for physical therapy students and clinicians, it is also a great reference for established physicians, vestibular and balance therapy specialists, occupational therapists, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, audiologists, and athletic trainers"--Provided by publisher.
Vertigo and disequilibrium : a practical guide to diagnosis and management
Hearing loss, balance problems and molecular defects in osteogenesis imperfecta : a nationwide study in Finland
On sweat. On dizziness ; and. On fatigue
Modern surgical treatment of otosclerosis
Database for vertigo
Reasoning in expert system ONE for vertigo work-up
Characteristics of six otologic diseases involving vertigo
Whole body impedance cardiography and continuous pulse wave analysis in the measurement of human haemodynamics during passive head-up tilt
Menière's disease : prevalence and clinical picture
Summary.
Clinical phenomenology and cognitive psychology
Vestibular function in different otoneurological patients as measured by head tilt and head impulse test
Computer assisted data collection in vestibular disorders
A neurotologic expert system for vertigo and characteristics of six otologic diseases involving vertigo
A clinician's guide to balance and dizziness : evaluation and treatment
