http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16552 OECD countries
OECD countries
Tax expenditures in OECD countries
Governance of innovation systems. Vol. 2, Case studies in innovation policy
Nuclear legislation : analytical study : nuclear third party liability 1976.
OECD economic surveys. Czech and Slovak Republics
Policy influences on economic growth in OECD countries : an evaluation of the evidence
Corporate governance of non-listed companies in emerging markets
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
"As the world faces the prospect of climate change, nuclear disasters, and water scarcity, it is clear that environmental degradation is an increasingly serious challenge with economic and social consequences. In this book, Detlef Jahn analyzes political processes in a macro-comparative study in order to estimate the role of politics in the field of environmental performance in 21 OECD countries. His model demonstrates various styles of politics used to combat environmental degradation. He finds that economic and environmental performance are still closely linked, and that moving towards a service society does not by itself solve the environmental challenge. The close relationship of these areas was made strikingly clear in the economic crisis of the new millennium. He argues that economic globalization fosters environmental deterioration, and undermines efforts in domestic politics and international coordination to improve the environmental record"--
Summary (s. 9-10).
Low-level radioactive waste repositories : an analysis of costs
Extending opportunities : how active social policy can benefit us all
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2008.
Code of liberalisation of current invisible operations
World energy outlook
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
Education at a glance 2007 : OECD indicators
OECD at work for science and education
Income distribution, inequality and unemployment
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard : towards a knowledge-based economy : 2001 edition
Closing the gap for immigrant students : policies, practice and performance
Nuclear safety research in OECD countries : capabilities and facilities
Long term outlook for the world automobile industry
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
Trade and competition policies : options for a greater coherence
Summary (s. 9-14).
Fundamental reform of corporate income tax
Health at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
The taxation of employee stock options
Partnerships : the key to job creation : experiences from OECD countries
Consumer policy during the past ten years : main developments and prospects : report
OECD reviews of innovation policy : South Africa
Immigrant students at school : easing the journey towards integration
Implementing the OECD jobs strategy : lessons from member countries' experience
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries
Caching the carbon : the politics and policy of carbon capture and storage
Quarterly oil and gas statistics
Industrial subsidies : a reporting manual
Knowledge, technology and economic growth : recent evidence from OECD countries
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
Health at a glance : OECD indicators
Science resources newsletter
Purchasing power parities and real expenditures = Parités de pouvoir d'achat et dépenses réelles : 1990. Vol. 2, GK results = Résultats GK
Broadband growth and policies in OECD countries
Projected costs of generating electricity : update 1992
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries : evolution of tourism in OECD member countries in 1979 and the early months 1980
Education at a glance : analysis
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries : evolution of tourism in OECD member countries in 1982 and the early months 1983
Purchasing power parities and real expenditures for Canada and the United States 1990 = Parités de pouvoir d'achat et dépenses réelles pour le Canada et les États-Unis 1990
Regulatory reform in road freight and retail distribution
Entrepreneurship at a glance 2014
OECD tourism trends and policies 2014.
Protecting pensions : policy analysis and examples from OECD countries
The personal income tax base : a comparative survey
Competition and arbitration law
Compilation manual for an index of services production
OECD transfer pricing guidelines for multinational enterprises and tax administrations 2010 edition and transfer pricing features of selected countries 2011
Performance-related pay policies for government employees
Agricultural policies in emerging and transition economies : monitoring and evaluation
Communications outlook 2001.
Taxing wages : income tax, social security contributions and cash family benefits, 1999-2000 = Les impôts sur les salaires : impôts sur le revenu des personnes physiques, cotisations de sécurité sociale, transferts sociaux
Summary (s. 9-12).
Trends in international migration : annual report : 2003 edition
Education at a glance 2014 : OECD indicators
Boosting businesses : advisory services
Education at a glance 2009 : OECD indicators
International migration outlook 2013
Biomass energy : key issues and priority needs : conference proceedings, Paris France 3rd-5th February 1997.
Modernising social policy for the new life course
Education policy analysis 2002.
Executive summary (s. 7-16).
Highlights from Education at a glance
OECD in figures : statistics on the member countries
This report provides comparative knowledge, both policy and data, through thematic chapters and country-specific policy and statistical profiles. The report highlights key tourism policy developments, focuses on issues that rank high on the policy agenda in the field of tourism and provides a broad overview and interpretation of tourism trends in the OECD area and beyond. The 2014 edition focuses on tourism and growth, and covers 48 countries. Tourism Trends and Policies is an international reference and benchmark on how effectively countries are supporting competitiveness, innovation and growth.
Quarterly national accounts
Education at a glance 2011 : OECD indicators
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 2, Detailed tables
Historical statistics
Financial statistics monthly. Sect. 1, International markets
OECD economic surveys. The Czech republic
Quarterly national accounts bulletin
Summary and policy recommendations (s. 11-25).
Education policy analysis 2005-2006 : focus on higher education
Review of fisheries in OECD countries : policies and summary statistics 2008
Tax burdens : alternative measures
Summary (s. 9-13).
Review of fisheries in OECD countries
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Contributions to the second DeSeCo symposium, Geneva, Switzerland, 11-13 February, 2002
Education at a glance 2012 : OECD indicators
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Governance of innovation systems. Vol. 3, Case studies in cross-sectoral policy
Trends shaping education 2016
Proceedings of the Sixth Meeting of the Task Force on Shielding Aspects of Accelerators, Targets and Irradiation Facilities : Stanford Linear Acceleration Center (SLAC), Menlo Park, CA, USA, 10-12 April 2002
Education at a glance 2013 : OECD indicators
Exchange control policy
Spotlight on public support to industry
Family, market and community : equity and efficiency in social policy
Structural change in fisheries : dealing with the human dimension
OECD science, technology and industry outlook 2002.
Reforms for an ageing society
Towards the goal of full employment : trends, obstacles and policies
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Labour market policies and the public employment service : Praque Conference, July 2000.
Improving water management : recent OECD experience
Adult literacy in OECD countries : technical report on the First International Adult Literacy Survey
National accounts of OECD countries. Vol. 1, Main aggregates
Business guide to privacy and data protection legislation
Science and technology policy outlook
Working time and workers' preferences in industrialized countries : finding the balance
Measuring globalisation : the role of multinationals in OECD economies
OECD tourism trends and policies 2010
Financial statistics monthly. Sect. 2, Domestic markets, interest rates
Reducing environmental pollution : looking back, thinking ahead : an examination of OECD member country progress, trends and opportunities for accelerated pollution reduction in the 1990s and beyond
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD countries
OECD leading indicators and business cycles in member countries 1960-1985
The economic effects of employment-conditional income support schemes for the low-paid : an illustration from a CGE model applied to four OECD countries
OECD science, technology and industry outlook. 2004.
Consumer policy in OECD countries 1989-1990
Measuring the effects of inflation on income, saving and wealth
Agricultural policy reform : new approaches : the role of direct income payments
National accounts of OECD countries : main aggregates = Comptes nationaux des pays de l'OCDE : principaux agrégats. Vol. 1, 1994-2005
Nuclear safety research in OECD countries : areas of agreement, areas for further action, increasing need for collaboration
Economic growth in the OECD area : recent trends at the aggregate and sectoral level
The politics of environmental performance : institutions and preferences in industrialized democracies
Education at a glance 2008 : OECD indicators
Pensions at a glance 2011 : retirement-income systems in OECD and G20 countries
International Migration Outlook 2013 OECD's annual International Migration Outlook analyzes recent developments in migration movements and policies in its member countries. Each edition provides the latest statistical information on immigrant stocks and flows, immigrants in the labor market, and migration policies. In addition to all OECD countries, the 2013 edition covers Bulgaria, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, and the Russian Federation. Two special chapters highlight topical issues: the fiscal impact of migration and discrimination. The publication also features country profiles and a statistical annex. OECD Countries Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Chile, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States
Governance of innovation systems. Vol. 1, Synthesis report
OECD science, technology and industry outlook
Corporate governance : a survey of OECD countries
New information technologies in the road transport sector : policy issues, ergonomics and safety
OECD economic outlook
Business support programmes : SME policy description, compensation mechanisms and evaluation systems in five countries and in the European Commission : backround paper for the Ministry of Trade and Industry's working group on the Effectiveness of Business Support Programmes
Debt management and government securities markets in the 21st century
Summary.
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries : evolution of tourism in OECD member countries in 1984
The use of individual quotas in fisheries management
Industrial policy in OECD countries : annual review
Eurostat-OECD methodological guide for developing producer price indices for services
Predicting the evolution and effects of the Asia crisis from the OECD perspective
Education at a glance 2010 : OECD indicators
Summary (s. 11-13).
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries : evolution of tourism in OECD member countries in 1980 and the early months 1981
Taxpayers ́rights and obligations : a survey of the legal situation in OECD countries
Summary (s. 7-17).
Agricultural policies in OECD countries : monitoring and evaluation 2005.
Trade linkages and the trade matrices in the OECD interlink model
The application of the OECD model tax convention to partnerships : a critical analysis of the report prepared by the OECD Committee on Fiscal Affairs
Revenue statistics 1965-1996
Integrating distressed urban areas
Agricultural policies in OECD countries. Monitoring and evaluation
Competition policy in OECD countries : 1990-1991
Abstract: Corporatism, employment and macroeconomic performance in 18 OECD countries.
Steelmaking capacity in non-OECD countries
Code of liberalisation of capital movements
Trade Liberalization and Labour Markets: Perspective from OECD Economies
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
Classifying educational programmes : manual for ISCED-97 implementation in OECD countries
Summary (s. 11-12).
Public capital expenditure in OECD countries : the causes and impact of the decline in public capital spending
Monthly statistics of international trade
Measuring globalisation : the role of multinationals in OECD economies = Mesurer la mondialisation : le poids des multinationales dans les économies de l'OCDE. Vol. 2, Services = Services
Farm household income : issues and policy responses
OECD transfer pricing guidelines for multinational enterprises and tax administrations 2010 and transfer pricing features of selected countries 2010
The effect of multilateral regulations in international investment on the national legislation and development policies
Bank profitability : financial statements of banks
Tackling investment challenges in power generation in IEA countries
Trends shaping education
Government at a glance 2009
The political economy of environmentally related taxes
Managing across levels of government
Managing the fundamental drivers of transport demand : proceedings of the international seminar, December 2002
Education at a glance 2016 : OECD indicators
Education at a glance 2015 : OECD indicators
Consumer policy in OECD countries
OECD journal on budgeting
The tomato market in OECD countries
National accounts of OECD countries : detailed tables = Comptes nationaux des pays l'OCDE : tableaux détaillés. Vols 2a, 2b, 1993-2004
Education policy analysis 2003.
OECD Communications outlook 2011 /.
The macroeconomics of ageing, pensions and savings : a survey
Tourism in OECD countries : trends and policies
Flexibility in natural gas supply and demand
OECD framework for the evaluation of SME and entrepreneurship policies and programmes
Social and health policies in OECD countries : a survey of current programmes and recent developments
Tourism policy and international tourism in OECD member countries : evolution of tourism in OECD member countries in 1983
Boosting jobs and incomes
Short-term economic statistics : commonwealth of independent states = Statistiques économiques a court terme : communauté des états indépendants 1980-1993
An empirical analysis of gasoline price convergence for 20 OECD countries
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Indicators of industry and services
Measuring globalisation : the role of multinationals in OECD economies = Mesurer la mondialisation : le poids des multinationales dans les économies de l'OCDE. Vol. 1, Manufacturing sector = Secteur manufacturier
Issues and challenges for OECD agriculture in the 1980s
OECD science, technology and industry scoreboard 2007 : innovation and performance in the global economy
