http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16550 users
users
Service operation
Patients, power & politics : from patients to citizens
Google Analytics
Online help : design and evaluation
Intermediaries are in the middle of every single act of online communication. The term "intermediary" does not refer to homogeneous group of service providers. In fact, it is used to describe entities who provide services necessary for an act of electronic communication to be successful including telecommunication service providers, online connectivity providers and entities providing their services by electronic means. Although, the e-commerce directive refers only to specific categories of intermediaries, such as providers of the following services: mere conduit, caching or hosting, the more our lives depend on technology, the more significant the role of every single intermediary becomes. The seriousness is particularly visible in relation to injunctive orders following a decision on the merits of the case (also referred to as 'permanent injunctions') such as website blocking orders the aim of which is to prevent future online infringements. As protective measures, the injunctions are subject to the proportionality evaluation and cannot lead to the effect that would be contrary to the provisions of the article 15 of the E-commerce Directive. The paper discusses the phenomenon of website blocking orders against intermediaries, including orders against the so-called 'innocent providers', and the boundaries of the orders. This particular type of an injunction serves as a trigger point for the analysis of the injunctions paradigm and engagement in a debate concerning rights of the users. The injunctions are currently holding a prominent position in the EU legal system as a consequence of the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights in Delfi vs. Estonian case. Thus the author of this paper concentrates on the analysis of the abovementioned decisions and their implications for the sphere of users' rights (such as freedom of expression) and the freedom of business activity.
Co-development of work and information systems : an analysis of the construction of the Activity­Driven ISD methodology in 2001-2013
Museum economics and the community
Assessing The User Experience - Case Massidea.org
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
Usability in practice : how companies develop user-friendly products
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
Redefining designing : from form to experience
Visible sounds : stydy on the interface of mobile phones based on the auditory user interface for couriers in a delivery service company
A design theory for information security awareness
Studying user strategies and characteristics for developing web search interfaces
Web analytics for dummies
Alternative news sources as 'collaboratory' journalism : a base study of Helsingin Sanomat and its relation with the Youth Voice Editorial Board
Why adults use the public library : a research perspective
Challenges in an inter-organisational information system implementation : participatory view
Grounding the innovation of future technologies
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
Placebo is for real : how to apply the placebo effect to consumer marketing
The conceptual levels and theory languages of interaction design
Does modern information technology select its users?
Every thing we touch : a 24-hour inventory of our lives
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
Audience, relevance, and search : targeting Web audiences with relevant content
Practical methods of user involvement in the service innovation process based on user motivation : conducted in conjunction with the FUAS "Virtual Campus" E-learning project
An intention-driven approach for usability-related requirements engineering : interaction design of innovative software products for consumer market.
Parking issues in Lutakko from a user-oriented viewpoint
Academic library centrality : user success through service, access, and tradition
Designing the best possible shopping experience for ecommerce : focus on the fashion vertical
Hypermedia applications : creating an e-newsletter
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
Libraries and their users : collected papers in library history
Multi-element antennas for mobile communication systems : design, evaluation and user interactions
Market Signals from the Solid Wood Consumers to Timber Producers : Methods for Improving the Connections  Between Users and Producers of Radiata Pine in New Zealand
Target retrieval system : for indoor open air shooting range
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2013 : proceedings of the International Conference in Innsbruck, Austria, January 22-25, 2013
Users voices : participative design and living lab approach in LILY
Next-gen library catalogs
Biometrics as an alternative to passwords for older users
Web Accessibility : a foundation for research
Writing user documentation : a practical guide for those who want to be read
The answers to what makes a sustainable bestseller aren't in the successful product. The answers are in the successful product's users. It's not the product success that matters most, it's the successful results of those who use it. Repeatedly. Consistently. Sustainably. The answer to a sustainable bestseller is to shift the focus from making an awesome product to making an awesome user of that product. The answer lies is helping users become badass not just at using the product, but at whatever it is the product can help them do and be. And some of those answers are surprising, counterintuitive, but can be implemented by anyone at any stage in a product's development. Even if you can't improve your product, you can still improve your user's experience by designing for what happens after they use it. Badass: Making Users Awesome is a course in how to create a context in which users can become more skillful, and, most importantly, to stay motivated to keep moving forward. Everything our users experience is part of that context, and even the smallest improvements can have a dramatic impact.
The social use of media : cultural and social scientific perspectives on audience research
User centered property website for Singapore markets : Case: Midnight Sun Software Services
Gamification with Unity 5.x : build exhilarating gaming experiences using a wide range of game elements in Unity 5.x
Apperceiving visual elements in human-technology interaction design
Digital Afterlife  : A General Overview
Exploring the use of rule-based reasoning in ubiquitous computing applications
Capacitive antenna sensor for user proximity recognition
Capturing user experiences of mobile information technology with the repertory grid technique
Museums without barriers : a new deal for disabled people
Reference modeling for high value added mobile services
Design of learning environments for IT-users
Efficiency of communication in software user documentation
Enhanced security for mobile user authentication and single sign-on
The voices of the users : how technology can help in co-innovation
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
A User-Centered Facilities Change Project
Sustainable solutions for last mile Internet access in developing countries : critical success factors
Intelligent road : road user survey report : insights from Finnish Lapland
Novel music discovery concepts : user experience and design implications
Digging for the right word. A study of Finnish archaeology students as dictionary users
Make it intuitive : an evaluation practice emergent from the plans and scripted behavior of the computer-community of practice
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
Thinking model and tools for understanding user experience related to information appliance product concepts
Maximizing Customer Value: Better Software and Web Solutions through Iteration of Use Cases
Managing users in social networking sites
Interactive system design : innovative user interfaces
Imperfect moments : hints for cooperation
Technology and in/equality : questioning the information society
User studies : a practical approach to user involvement for gathering user needs and requirements
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Co-design, tools & methods
User interface design for iOS camera application : project: designing gif video camera application
Measuring the service quality to the customers by using SERVQUAL model tool : case Itella
Designing a Digital Service Concept for a Professional Business Service - Case Työeläkelakipalvelu
User Experience Design (UX design) for an E-commerce website : a case of Shop The Planet
Digital innovation : orchestrating network activities
Users not customers : the hard lesson that all businesses must learn now
People come first : user-centered academic library service
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
Truth, lies and the internet : a report into young people's digital fluency
Access and identity management for libraries : controlling access to online information
Understanding urban human mobility for network applications
Testing user experience in tablet game graphics
Human-like responses from a computer have an affective impact
Usability and user experience of an online service : Case PATIO
Human factors and ergonomics in consumer product design : methods and techniques
Designing for experiences : case of a mobile imaging system
Making user-focused prototype : using design sprint to test, design and prototype mobile app rapidly
User involvement : a review of the benefits and challenges
User authentication : cases: SecurID PINpad card and SecurID USB token
Attitudes towards computers
Motion communication makes better user experiences. Animations in user interfaces are not just a visual experience. Motion has a lot of power over where the user is looking and it should be used to guide the user. This thesis is for graphic designers or anyone who wants to understand the user and therefore make better design and communication. This thesis includes topics like human computer interaction, user psychology, user experience and animation that form the basis of motion communication. The last chapter shows examples of how to use motion communication in the user interface.
Storytelling for user experience : crafting stories for better design
Boomers and beyond : considering the role of libraries
Practices of privacy: a user perspective to online photograph sharing
From technology to the human user
The emergence of social media as one of the driving forces of consumers online experiences today also challenges our current understanding on marketing and brand management. The effects of brands social media involvement are to this day uncertain. Severin Dennhardt shows that social media and user-generated brands do have a strong influence on brands. Four independent studies demonstrate that successful brands can be created in virtual worlds, user-generated content drives the creation of unique brands, social media strongly influences the social value perception of brands, and social media impacts consumers purchase decision process. Contents User-Generated Brands The Value-Enhancing Role of Social Networks Around Brands The Impact of User-Interactions in Social Media on Brand Awareness and Purchase Intention Target Groups Researchers and students in the fields of marketing and brand management Executives in this area.
Living Lab - Discovering the Essence
Gender differences in the patterns of Internet use among students : a case study of the University of Zambia
Innovative services for internationals – the EXPAT Project
Information services today : an introduction
Human-computer interaction : selected readings
Modelling and analyzing empirically the success of adp systems use
Crafting Effective User Interface Animations : Understanding the Complexity of Crafting User Interface Animations on Web Platforms
Possibilities of comics as innovation tools
Profiling recreational users of national parks, national hiking areas and wilderness areas in Finland
User documentation process in software product development - putting theory into practice
Better together : the trail user participation toolkit for living labs
User perceptions of internet banking
Usability evaluation of digital libraries
Acquisition and analysis of performance data for mobile devices
Communication with motion in user interface
Frequent travellers' satisfaction on the online self-booking tool in Borealis Polymers Oy
Social Commerce : the underlying trend of social commerce
Mobile packet core user plane vertification study
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Attack models and related projects
Summary in Estonian.
Digital afterlife : a general overview
Effects of users' domain expertise in designing special purpose software
Christianity and digital culture : analysis of users' experiences of the christian social networking site in Taiwan - Walei
An accessible e-learning site for visually impaired persons
Smart Glasses Design-Exploring user perception of wearable computing
Constructing a community : myths and realities of the Open Development Model
Usability study of the International Students' web pages of the Coventry University
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Mashing-up culture : the rise of user-generated content : proceedings from the COUNTER workshop, Mashing-up culture, Uppsala University, May 13-14, 2009
Democratizing innovation
The social mediation of everyday user experiences
Factors affecting acceptance of mobile content services among mature consumers
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Consumer innovation in Finland : incidence, diffusion and policy implications
A Study in Visual Communication - Case Functional Home at the Senior Generation Exhibition in St. Petersburg
User-based innovation in services
Kuljetettavat kaasusäiliöt = Transportable gas containers. Osa 2, Kaasupullojen käyttäjät = Users of the gas cylinders
Badass : making users awesome
User Base Growth via Viral Marketing: The Contributory Factors : case: Ostosnero by Avansera Ltd.
Configuring user-designer relations : interdisciplinary perspectives
Mobile games and their user psychological challenges
Library 2.0
Designing a multichannel map service concept
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS : user experience (im)possible to catch?
Cybercitizens and the internet in China
User expressions translated into requirements
Analysis of user trends and behavior in online and mobile weather and climate services
Space and collections earning their keep : transformation, technologies, retooling
I miss my pencil : a design exploration
Focus testing method in software quality control
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Study of Zumba game playing experience, related to previous knowledge of Zumba
Visual story telling : the role of scenarios in experience design and concept evaluation with end-users
Lumina - a fantasy story for young adults : a case study on designing a concept for an experience e-book
A user-oriented, evidence-based design project of the first Finnish single room ICU : results of EVICURES project
Community care : working in partnership with service users
Attributes of subjective quality experience in audiovisual material
Digitally enhanced contract management
Kuljetettavat kaasusäiliöt. Osa 2, Kaasupullojen käyttäjät = Transportable gas containers. Part 2, Users of the gas cylinders
It's our welfare : report of the citizens' commission on the future of the welfare state
The Internet and the changing information environment : a managing information report
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
Addressing the world : national identity and Internet country code domains
Perspectives on user innovation
Intermediaries caught between a rock and a hard place - the case of website blocking and no general obligation to excersise control over the usergenerated content
Successful Service Development in  the Public Sector: a Case study of a Service Design  Project Carried out in Short-Term Care  Services in the Town of Turku
In this presentation it is described how the users (three levels: end users, care givers, relatives  and other stakeholders) are participating to the design and definition of the LILY services system from  the early phases to the implementation and piloting phase. The different user groups are presented  and described the specific features of the groups in France and Finland. The methods to be used in  data gathering and analyzing are described.
New media technologies and user empowerment
Enterprise architecture planning in practice : the perspectives of information and communication technology service provider and end-user
Energy efficient lighting systems in buildings with integrated photovoltaics
Learning games and children's user experience : the effects of context
Learning for a sustainable future through play : a game for early childhood
Team-client relationships and extreme programming
Motivating smartphone users to participate in provoding and sharing data in social networks
User satisfaction concerning current macro-environment analysis methods in Finnish public companies
Towards better usability : usability and end-user participation in healthcare information technology systems development
Abstract.
Structured documentation and document management at Samstock oy
Archival services and the concept of the user : a RAMP study
Back to the user : creating user-focused web sites
Usability has a significant effect on a website's conversion rates - turning site visitors into clients - and on the success of the business behind it. This is why it is very important to understand usability and the ways we can improve it.     The purpose of this thesis was to clarify the reasons why now, after two decades since the Internet got commercialized, websites with poor usability still get released. The goal was to understand what these kinds of websites are lacking and provide a solution that would help improve the usability and the user experience.    Qualitative methods such as literature analysis and structured interviews were used making this thesis a qualitative research. The subjects for the interview were two experienced Web designers with strong educational and professional backgrounds in media, print and industrial design.    This research revealed the importance of the target user during the development or redesign of a website. The user's feedback after testing the product developed gives the development team valuable insight on the existing usability problems; this kind of feedback can reveal problems the development team failed to notice.    This research acts as a guide toward creating usable websites. Its results reveal the most common problems websites have and give solutions on how these issues can be prevented or fixed. This study is addressed to anyone looking for information on how to build usable websites, but mainly it is targeted at HAAGA-HELIA's students.
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
A beneficial web user experience development : creating a mutual web site for a Joint project on international training in Northern Finland
Single-serve ice cream packaging: packaging structures enhancing brand
Human-computer interaction
Outdoor recreation for 21st century America : a report to the nation: the national survey on recreation and the environment
Smart living and AAL services
Enriched evaluation : comparative user experience evaluation in product development
Abstract: Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement. The increasing focus on efficiency and optimizing the way people think and work has led to a new area of serious gaming – cognitive games. The rise of modern web rendering technologies has enabled the creation of visually interesting cognitive games on browser based technologies. The goal of this study was to assess the applicability of using modern browser technologies to create a user centric cognitive gaming platform and the useof mathematical formulas in organic rendering. The approach discusses the current market situation and the products and methods of cognitive gaming as well as the technologies involved. The user centric approach is studied through user experience design as well as graphic design and animation aspects. The reference implementation is project CCA; a user centric cognitive gaming platform built on top of Adobe Flash that uses seemingly organic movement rendering. The technical implementation is discussed from the platform client-server aspect as well as an overview of the structure of the front end architecture. The rendering engine methods go through the 2D –based rendering of mathematical formulas, the use of continuous Bezier curves in organic movement and the creative ways of using Perlin noise to generate textures as well as movement. Optimization of complex rendering and platform building is an essential part of the process. The results show the viability of using modern browser based technologies in the creation of a cognitive gaming platform. Through the use of optimization and creative mathematical solutions, as well as tending to user experience needs a successful product is built. The project platform is used in medical trials, as well as the Science Changing the World Exhibition shown in science centers around Europe. This study stands as a testament to the possibilities of cognitive end user training and a guide on the aspects of building a successful gaming platform.
The objective of the research is to investigate the motivation factors based on which smartphone users decide to record emotional data and share in the social networks. One intention is to find out the motivations smartphone users have when they participate in the social networks and how these motivations persuade them to create content. Another intention is to determine the benefits of sharing that content.    The theoretical framework was based on Amarasinghe's intrinsic motivation and ex-trinsic motivation, Becker and Clement's basic motives of file sharing and motivation to free ride, Bishop's principles of action, and Burke, Marlow and Lento's mechanisms motivating contribution in social media.     The research was conducted in the form of deductive research using qualitative research methods. The main themes were established based on the literature review and the in-depth interviews were conducted based on the established themes. The data in this research was collected through semi-structured face-to-face interviews with three types of respondents: top user of a website, heavy user of social media, and sharer of file sharing networks. The analytical approach of the study was qualitative.    The findings revealed that smartphone users might have intrinsic motivation and ex-trinsic motivation but the decision to contribute is based on the principles of action. Basic motives of file sharing are the same. However, mechanisms motivating newcomer contribution in social media are not the same. The results showed how the organization owning the platform can benefit in many ways by carefully designing their website. It suggested that there are several features stimulating the sharing activities of a website's content.     In conclusion, smartphone users make the decision to record and share emotional data based on their own values and beliefs, the benefits they perceive from the social net-work provided by sharing their emotional data, and how well the social network is integrated with other tools of social media.
Distinctive design : a practical guide to a useful, beautiful web
Ctrl, alt, delete : how I grew up online
Operation and maintenance security in UMTS networks
Cognition in HCI : an ongoing story
Lay participatory design : a way to develop information technology and activity together
The complete guide to using Google in libraries. Volume 2, Research, user applications, and networking
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers' perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
User need driven product concept development : ubiquitous computing scenario creation and evaluation
Demography of Linux Kernel developers
User interface design : bridging the gap from user requirements to design
Usability : ways of improving the user experience
Mary Aiken is the world s leading expert in forensic cyberpsychology a discipline that combines psychology, criminology, and technology to investigate the intersection where technology and human behavior meet. In this, her first book, Aiken has created a starting point for all future conversations about how the Internet is shaping development and behavior, societal norms and values, children, safety, security, and our perception of the world. Cyberspace is an environment full of surveillance, but who is looking out for us? The Cyber Effect offers a fascinating and chilling look at a future we can still do something about. Drawing on her own research and extensive experience with law enforcement, Mary Aiken covers a wide range of subjects from the impact of screens on the developing child to the explosion of teen sexting, and the acceleration of compulsive and addictive behaviors online (gaming, shopping, pornography). She examines the escalation of cyberchondria (anxiety produced by self-diagnosing online), cyberstalking, and organized cybercrime in the Deep Web. Aiken provides surprising statistics and incredible-but-true case studies of hidden trends that are shaping our culture and raising troubling questions about where the digital revolution is taking us. The Cyber Effect will upend your assumptions about your online life and forever change the way you think about the technology you, your friends, and family use. Readers will gain a new understanding of the rapid change taking shape around us and come away with critical tools to become part of this very necessary conversation.
Should customer voice be heard? : The acquisition and significance of customer information in new sports product development
Social engineering attacks in online social networks : a systematic literature review
Implementation of a digital cross-connect switch to a GSM network testing environment
Development of Service Quality Rating Through Design Thinking and Innovation Metrics
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
Visual search in graphical interfaces : a user psychological approach
Always be testing : the complete guide to Google Website Optimizer
An introduction to web design and programming
The cyber effect : a pioneering cyberpsychologist explains how human behavior changes online
Uses of innovation : wristcare in the practices of engineers and elderly
The role of user experience in a business-to-business context
Assessing Intranet Services : A Usability analysis of employee portal in HAMK Valkeakoski
Developing complex user interface for divergent users
NetSlaves : true tales of working the Web
Information processing and human-machine interaction : an approach to cognitive engineering
Information technology users and uses within the different layers of the information environment in Estonia
State-of-the-Art of mobile learning usability and user experiences
International B2B internet marketing : integrating web analytics into marketing and business processes : a theoretical framework for defining the role of a web analytics software and service provider
A guide to publishing user manuals
User interface design for programmers
Designs, systems, scapegoates, and business cultures
User-generated content and its impact on branding : how users and communities create and manage brands in social media
The mobile audience : media art and mobile technologies
From a momentary experience to a lasting one : the concept of and research on expanded user experience of mobile devices
The Metropolitan Museum of Art activity book
Building a cognitive gaming platform : User centric gaming experiences with organic movement
The museum experience
About face 3 : the essentials of interaction design
Clothing as a user interface : user needs for smart clothing in keep-fit training
Business reference services and sources : how end users and librarians work together
Towards simulating and evaluating user interaction in information retrieval using test collections
Studying user experience : issues and problems of mobile services : case ADAMOS: user experience (im)possible to catch?
