http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1654 building drawing
building drawing
Architectural drawing : a visual compendium of types and methods
Tracing places
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 2, Muurame Church, Southwestern Finland Agricultural Cooperative Building, and other buildings and projects, 1926-1927
Building information modeling : a strategic implementation guide for architects, engineers, constructors, and real estate asset managers
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 7, Buildings and plans for the A. Ahlström Company in Varkaus, and type houses, 1937-1939
Koneenrakennus = Konstruktionsteknik = Construction technique
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 10, Villa Mairea, 1938, Villa Mairea, 1938-1939
Architectural drawing
The architects tools
Encyclopedia of detail in contemporary residential architecture
3D design basics
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 8 , Sunila pulp mill, housing, and town plan, 1936-1938
Constructing a solid-body guitar
Architectural rendering with 3ds Max and V-Ray : photorealistic visualization
Handbook of architectural and civil drafting
Measurement and recording of historic buildings
750 years in Paris
Designs to inspire : from the rudder 1897 - 1942
Viollet-le-Duc : the French Gothic revival
Sketch city : tips and inspiration for drawing on location
The nation survey'd : essays on late sixteenth-century Scotland as depicted by Timothy Pont
The principles of architectural drafting : a sourcebook of techniques and graphic standards
The professional practice of architectural working drawings
The Building erected in Hyde Park for the Great Exhibition of the Works of Industry of All Nations, 1851.
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 9, Buildings for the Tampella Company, Inkeroinen Elementary School, and other buildings and projects, 1936-1939
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 6, Aalto's own home in Helsinki, Finnish Pavilion at the 1937 World's Fair in Paris, and other buildings and projects 1932-1937
Green building illustrated
Encyclopaedia of world architecture. 1
Handbook of detailing : the graphic anatomy of construction
The interior design course : principles, practices and techniques for the aspiring designer
Nordic and Baltic museums and archives of architecture
Draw and sketch buildings : 16 projects in 6 steps or less
"A step-by-step tutorial on AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT basics. AutoCAD is the leading drawing software, used by design and drafting professionals to create 2D and 3D technical drawings. This tutorial is aimed at AutoCAD novices and provides you with the essentials you need so you can acquire the necessary skills to work in AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT immediately. You'll begin with the basics and gradually progress to more advanced topics and features, such as grouping, elevations, hatches, and using text in drawings. Concise explanations, focused examples, and step-by-step instructions round out this hands-on tutorial. Begins with the basics of AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, the leading 2D and 3D drawing software. Progresses to more advanced topics and skill sets and covers grouping, hatches, and text in drawings. Introduces dimensioning, external references, layouts and printing, and using 3D Contains helpful examples and step-by-step instructions so you can get started using AutoCAD immediately. Featuring the most up-to-date techniques, tactics, industry standards, and methods, this tutorial will get you started using AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT right away."--
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 11, Tallinn Art Museum, Kauttua Terrace House, Finnish Pavilion at the 1939 World's Fair in New York, and other buildings and projects, 1937-1939
Introducing Revit architecture 2010 : BIM for beginners
Architectural Drawing is the classic, comprehensive compendium of architectural drawing. Featuring examples from many high-profile architects and firms, the nearly one-thousand drawings and photos in this book illustrate all of the various types and methods of architectural drawing. The new Fourth Edition is fully updated throughout to cover all of the latest drawing methods and includes a new chapter on the convergence of digital and traditional drawing. Online instructor ancillaries will be offered.
Great drawings from the collection of the Royal Institute of British Architects
Oulusta ollaan = Oulu, born and bred
The architectural drawing course : understanding the principles and master the practices
Architectural inventions : visionary drawnings
Drawings of architectural interiors
Viiva : originaalipiirustuksia Alvar Aallon arkistosta = Orginalritningar ur Alvar Aaltos arkiv = original drawings from the Alvar Aalto archive = Linjen = The Line
Drawing out the interior
Why architects still draw : two lectures on architectural drawing
The palladians
AutoCAD 2011 and AutoCAD LT 2011 : no experience required
"This new edition of the revered classic remains as relevant as ever, providing the latest information in Francis D.K. Ching's signature style. Its rich and comprehensive approach clearly presents all of the basic concepts underlying building construction"--
Suomen rakennustaiteen museon arkisto : piirustuskokoelma = Archives of the Museum of Finnish Architecture : drawings collection
Architectural rendering
Technical drawing
Fishing boat designs. 2, V-bottom boats of planked plywood construction
The wall chart of the titanic
Constructing a bluegrass mandolin
Perspective rendering for commercial design : exterior
Part of The Studio Companion Series, 3D Design Basics explores basic three-dimensional options for presenting design ideas, including models and various types of drawing. It exposes students to a variety of model building tools and methods and shows how to start designing with rip and tear models to explore massing and overall ideas.
"The classic visual guide to the basics of building construction, now with a 3D digital building model for interactive learning. For over three decades, Building Construction Illustrated has offered an outstanding introduction to the principles of building construction. This new edition of the revered classic remains as relevant as ever, providing the latest information in Francis D.K. Ching's signature style. Its rich and comprehensive approach clearly presents all of the basic concepts underlying building construction. New to this edition are digital enhancements delivered as an online companion to the print edition and also embedded in e-book editions. Features include a 3D model showing how building components come together in a final project. llustrated throughout with clear and accurate drawings that present the state of the art in construction processes and materials Updated and revised to include the latest knowledge on sustainability, incorporation of building systems, and use of new materials Contains archetypal drawings that offer clear inspiration for designers and drafters Reflects the 2012 International Building Codes and 2012 LEED system This new edition of Building Construction Illustrated remains as relevant as ever, with the most current knowledge presented in a rich and comprehensive manner that does not disappoint"--
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 1, Buildings and projects, 1917-1926
Modeling using Pro/engineer wildfire 3.0
Building construction illustrated
Contemporary British architectural drawing
Zumthor : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2006
Getting started with Pro/Engineer
Interior design illustrated
Encyclopaedia of world architecture
Build your own acoustic guitar : complete instructions and full-size plans
87 boat designs : a catalog of small boat plans from Mystic Seaport
Architects' data
Details in architectural rendering
Landscape detailing. Vol. 2, Surfaces
150 best apartment ideas
Traditional construction patterns
The architectural drawings of Alvar Aalto : 1917-1939. Volume 5, Helsinki Stadium, Zagreb Central Hospital, and other buildings and projects, 1930-1932
Architektur: Perspektiven = Architecture drawings
Metric handbook : planning and design data
Guide to the Haffenreffer-Herreshoff Collection : the Design Records of the Herreshoff Manufacturing Company, Bristol, Rhode Island
Architectural representation and the perspective hinge
Design presentation : techniques for marketing and project proposals
The ultimate bluegrass mandolin construction manual
David Gentleman's London
Country Patterns 1841-1883 : A Sampler of American Country Home & Landscape Designs from Original 19th Century Sources
Eco house book
Great opera houses : masterpieces of architecture
Graphis diagram : the international showcase of diagram design and technical illustration : eine internationale Sammlung hervorragender Diagramme und technischer Illustrationen : la vitrine internationale en matière de design de diagrammes et d'illustration technique. 2
Hotel design : planning and development
Graphic thinking for architects & designers
