http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16542 wood (natural materials)
wood (natural materials)
Functionalisation of spruce O-acetyl-galactoglucomannans for barrier and composite applications
Carving the little guys : easy techniques for beginning woodcarvers
Initial fertilisation, when the fertilizer is supplied during the plantation, is applied to improve the competitive ability of the seedlings and hence to increase their growth and productivity; however, fertilization could also alter wood properties and timber quality. In this study, the dimensions and tree-ring parameters - width, proportion of latewood, maximum and mean density, mean earlywood and latewood density - of initially fertilized (by 14, 6 and 11 g of N, P and K per seedling, respectively) Norway spruce (Picea abies Karst.) growing in an experimental plantation in Kalsnava, Latvia (temperate climate region) were assessed. The fertilization significantly increased the dimensions of trees in long-term (ca. 17% increase of stemwood volume). The analysis of tree-ring width suggested that the duration of the effect was ca. 15 years. The maximum and latewood density were higher for the fertilized trees only in a few years. The mean and earlywood density of tree-rings were mainly similar for both treatments. Altogether, considering the one-time application of a limited amount of fertilizer, such treatment had notable and lasting effect on Norway spruce..
Timber: Its identification and mechanical properties
Bioenergy feasibility study - Berzasca, Romania
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
Mikroskopische Holzanatomie : Formenspektren mitteleuropäischer Stamm- und Zweighölzer zur Bestimmung von rezentem und subfossilem Material = Anatomie microscopique du bois : identification de matériel récent et subfossile d'essences de l'Europe centrale en tenant compte de la variabilité de structure du bois de tronc et de branche = Microscopic wood anatomy : structural variability of stems and twigs in resent and subfossil woods from Central Europe
Building the wooden house : technique and design
Wooden houses : from log cabins to beach houses
Understanding wood : a craftsman's guide to wood technology
Volume one of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places describes how the array of plentiful, high quality fresh fruit, vegetables, and ornamentals supplied to retail consumers is achieved. This feat demands the intensive manipulation of plant growth, reproduction and postharvest husbandry across the globe. International Production Horticulture operates in a free market arena, delivering produce rapidly, safely and reliably for increasingly demanding and discerning consumers. Internationally acknowledge experts describe the science, management and technology which underpins the continuous production and distribution of horticultural produce. The first chapter describes how basic scientific discoveries are continuously applied forming new industries, novel products and influences social practices and behaviour.There follows chapters describing the production of:- Field Vegetables, Temperate Fruit, Tropical Fruit, Citrus, Plantation Crops, Berry Crops, Viticulture, Protected Crops, Flower Crops, Developing New Crops, Post-harvest Handling, Supply Chain Management, and the Environmental Impact of Production. Crop Production Horticulture supports the economic welfare of countries across the World. Its particular impact in Africa is highlighted in the final chapter of this book. Intensive plant production offers enormous economic and social benefits for coming generations particularly as urbanization accelerates. Production Horticulture is an international business centred on partnerships between science, technology, commerce and management. The discipline is based in the physical, chemical, and the biological sciences and integrates natural resources in partnership with others such as economics and engineering.Environmentally careful and sustainable husbandries now form the cornerstones of Production Horticulture. Considerable intellectual and scientific rigour and a strong command of practical business realities are demanded of those who work in this discipline. The contents of this valuable book provide a basis for acquiring these talents.
The wood finisher's handbook
Visakoivu = Curly birch
The effect of light quality on tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L. cv ʻEfialtoʼ) growth and drought tolerance
Boo and Baa have company
Annotated bibliography of walnut : supplement no. 1
Heterobasidion annosum s.l. and wood degradation of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the effects of sectioning, crown type and wood properties
Proceedings of the 3rd European Cost E15 Workshop on Wood Drying : with the theme Softwood drying to meets needs of further processing and specific end-uses : 11-13 June 2001 at Scandic Hotel Kalastajatorppa, Helsinki, Finland
The Botanics
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 1, Production horticulture
Tree species classification with multiple source remote sensing data
The new wood finishing book
Wood deterioration, protection, and maintenance
CSR in forest industry : case study of reporting and implementation of social responsibility in tree international companies
Perspectives of competitive position and future revival of the Finnish sawmilling industry
Optimization of VIGS and functional analysis of Gerbera hybrida TCP genes in Calendula officinalis
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
The future for veteran trees
Worlds apart, united in wood : Fennica & Rio Negro in Bioforum
Development of strength grading of timber using combined measurement techniques : report of the Combigrade-project - phase 2
Tradition, trade and woodcarving in Solomon Islands
Influence of silvicultural regime on wood structure characteristics and mechanical properties of clear wood in Pinus sylvestris
Minidrill : fifteen projects
Wood : determination of moisture content for physical and mechanical tests
Estimating woody biomass in Sub-Saharan Africa
Pinus contorta growth in boreal Sweden as affected by combined lupin treatment and soil scarification
The lure of the forest : sculpture 1978-2013
Timber, its nature and behaviour
A comparative study of urban green area planning
1001 designs for whittling and woodcarving
Wood structure and properties '02
Wood - sampling methods and general requirements for physical and mechanical testing of small clear wood specimens = Bois - méthodes d'échantillonnage et conditions générales pour les essais physiques et mécaniques de petites éprouvettes de bois net
Thermowood takes off the heat
Boatbuilding in wood : from lofting to launching
Moisture Measuring of Building Materials
Models for vertical wood density of Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch stems, and their application to determine average wood density
Living wood : from buying a woodland to making a chair
Chas and his rock 'n' roll allotment
Elsevier's wood dictionary in seven languages : English/American, French, Spanish, Italian, Swedish, Dutch and German. Vol. 1, Commercial and botanical nomenclature of world-timbers sources of supply
Advanced solid state NMR spectroscopic techniques in the study of thermally modified wood
Variation of Air Pollutant Concentrations in Residential Areas of the Helsinki Metropolitan Region
Diffusion in wood
Studies on the cell wall structure and on the mechanical properties of Norway spruce
Thermal modification of Sitka spruce
Mechanisms affecting the structure and properties of heat-treated and high-temperature dried Norway spruce (Picea abies) wood
The woodfinishing book
Circumferential variation in wood density in radiata pine
The international book of wood
Effect of initial fertilization on 34-year increment and wood properties of Norway spruce in Latvia
Somatic embryogenesis and long term conservation of cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) germplasm
Creative woodturning
Impact of elevated ultraviolet-B radiation on three northern deciduous woody plants
Wood density within Norway spruce stems
Propagation of the ignition front against airflow in packed beds of wood particles
Recycling of biomass ashes / Heribert Insam, Brigitte A. Knapp (editors)
Kidspace idea book
This book analyzes what is currently known about functional and ecological xylem anatomy. In addition to serving as a source of information to professionals, instructors, and advanced students in plant science and forestry, the inherent beauty of xylem that is apparent in many images will be a source of inspiration to readers who are not yet familiar with the topic. This work offers a unique combination of scientific insight based on thorough experimental work and beautiful images, which often speak for themselves. The beauty of xylem is evident at different scales; from views of striking tree ring patterns and vascular networks in fern fronds, conifer needles, and angiosperm leaves, to microscopic images of developing pits. Functional and Ecological Xylem Anatomy not only serves as a source of information, but also of inspiration.
Pyrolysis and combustion of wood and peat as a single particle and a layer
Tree craft : 35 rustic wood projects that bring the outdoors in
Woodworking basics : mastering the essentials of craftsmanship
Analysis of China's primary wood products market : sawnwood and plywood
Construction materials : their nature and behaviour
Build it with dad : woodworking fun for the whole family
A physical analysis of sap flow dynamics in trees
Wood Preservation
Accurary and functionality of hand held wood moisture content meters
Increasing air humidity - a climate trend predicted for northern latitudes - alters the chemical composition of stemwood in silver birch and hybrid aspen
Cocoa (Theobroma cacao L.) is an economically important crop for Nicaragua. It represents a secure source of income for the farmers basically because of the high demand in the international market for the chocolate industry. In Nicaragua cocoa production is carried out on small scale farms and the most critical point in the production system is the low propagation rate obtained by asexual propagation methods. The present study aimed to evaluate cocoa propagation by somatic embryogenesis following the protocol developed at the Pennsylvania State University and to validate a reliable protocol for its conservation for long term. Induction of primary somatic embryos was carried out from petals and staminodes of unopened flower buds of the genotype Scavina-6 of two physiological ages. The best frequency on primary embryogenic callus growth was obtained by 1-2 week old petals. Secondary embryo development was done from cotyledons of primary somatic embryos of the clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169. It was determined after incubation of the embryos in four different periods in secondary callus growth (SCG) medium. The highest number of embryogenic explants was obtained for the clone PA 169 after 8 weeks in SCG medium and 6 weeks in embryo development (ED) medium whereas, the best embryo production ratio during the time in ED medium was scored by explants of LCTEEN 28/S-1 incubated twice in SCG medium. Long term conservation was evaluated by incubating immature embryos of both clones LCTEEN 28/S-1 and PA 169 in liquid nitrogen. There was not registered survival of the embryos after the freezing treatment. However, most of the non-frozen embryos could survive and regenerate from the alginate capsules suggesting that the survival was not threatened by the sucrose concentrations used to dehydrate the embryos but most likely by the intracellular ice formation from the water content that remain in the cell after the dehydration peri
Ultimate woodwork bible : a complete reference with step-by-step techniques
Hegh-performance utilization of wood for outdoor uses : report on research project, grant-in-aid for scientific research
Conservation of cultural heritage. Guidelines for the management of waterlogged wood on an archaeological terrestrial sites
On the laser light scattering pattern in wood research
Detection of protein-protein interactions in planta by BiFC and split luciferase assays
Water-based finishes
Making wood jewelry southwest style
Woodworking for the weekend : 20 projects using reclaimed timber
Mapping of wood properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) and Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) grown in Norway
Comparison of outsourced operations in wood procurement in Finland and Slovakia
Making folk toys & weather vanes
The art of cutting : tradition and new tecgniqyes for paper, cardboard, wood and other materials
Essence of wood
Effects of environmental and internal factors of trees and timber treatment on colour of dried birch (Betula pendula) wood
Wood : structure and properties
Regional markets for non-timber forest products in Eastern Brazilian Amazon
Comparison of a whole tree bundler and a harwarder in small diameter energy wood procurement
Characteristics and time consumption of timber trucking in Finland
Comparative wood anatomy : systematic, ecological, and evolutionary aspects of dicotyledon wood
A woodworker's guide to joint : over 35 joints for woodworking
Estimating individual tree growth using non-parametric methods
Moisture measuring of building materials
Combining research into forest management stand conditions and wood supply chain processes has been missing from earlier forestry studies. There is a clear need to develop more cost-efficient small-diameter wood production, harvesting and transportation methods from first thinning, which could be used for either industrial or energy wood purposes. This study considers the total cost for small-diameter wood originating from young Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) dominated stands. Pine pulpwood is the most harvested and most used roundwood assortment, use of which is expected to rise following new pulp-mill investments in Finland. In addition, utilisation of small-diameter trees directly for energy purposes has been increasing steadily in recent years. The aim of the study was to determine the cost-reduction potential of alternative forest management options and supply chains for small diameter-wood in the regional case of South Savo in eastern Finland. The total costs of three distinct scenarios were studied on the basis of forest management, first-thinning harvesting methods, and transportation: 1) industrial wood, 2) delimbed energy wood, and 3) whole trees for energy purposes. The cost-reduction potential for energy-wood supply chains from first thinning was compared to the industrial supply chain. Small-diameter delimbed wood delivered straight for energy purposes was found to be the most cost-efficient as far as the total cost of the supply chain is concerned. More cost-efficient small-diameter wood processes can be found by linking forest stand simulations with supply chain analysis..
Energy wood thinning as a part of stand management of Scots pine and Norway spruce
Woodturning : Forms and Materials
A dictionary of wood
Neural Networks for predicting fracture toughness of individual wood samples
Design and construction of wood-framed buildings
The encyclopedia of jointmaking
Improving the fire retardancy of extruded/coextruded wood-plastic composites
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
Principles of horticulture
CREATIVE WOOD SCULPTURE FROM NATURAL FORM
Locational determinants and equity-based entry mode choice in the forest sector : the case of China
Swedish carving techniques
Variation of colour and selected physical and mechanical properties related to artificial drying of sawn silver birch (Betula pendula Roth) timber from plantations
Classic finishing techniques
World woods in color
Cute and simple woodworking : 35 beautiful step-by-step projects for the home
Transport processes in wood
Small-Scale Vertical Axis Wind Turbine Design
The greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood occurs at confluences of phloem flows
Tage Frid Teaches woodworking : Book 1 - Joinery, Book 2 - shaping, veneering, finishing
Role of wood-based products in absorbing atmospheric carbon
Modern wood finishing techniques
Stress intensity factor of wood from crack-tip displacement fields obtained from digital image processing
Effects of early thinning regime and tree status on the radial growth and wood density of Scots pine
Proceedings of the 7th meeting of the Nordic-Baltic network in wood material science & engineering (WSE) : October 27-28, 2011, Oslo, Norway
Surface & finish : a directory of materials for interiors
Timber : its nature and behaviour
Woodturning techniques
Guide to making wooden toys that move
Analysis of India's Plywood Market : Opportunities for foreign and Finnish companies
X-ray computed tomography of a limited number of projections applied to the detection of branches in wood
Technology of Furniture Production
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
Application of capillary electrophoretic methods for determining carbohydrates and aliphatic carboxylic acids formed during wood processing
International symposium on the conservation and restoration of cultural property : conservation of wood : 24-28 November 1977, Tokyo, Nara and Kyoto, Japan
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
Woodburning basics
Emerging bioenergy business at Finnish independent industrial sawmills
Wood bending made simple
Spatial relationships among boreal riparian trees, litterfall and soil erosion potential with reference to buffer strip management and coldwater fisheries
Chemical changes in biomass during torrefaction
Moisture transport in wood through cell structure : transient-cup test and results
Wooden toy projects : The best from toymaking magazine
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Woodbased fuels in small-scale regional heating plants
Biochemical modification of wood componenets
Fillery's End-Users in Egypt
Finnish and Austrian wood markets in a changing environment
Making vintage aircraft in wood
The moisture equilibrium of softwoods above the fibre saturation point at the heartwood-sapwood boundary
Woodwork : the complete step-by-step manual
The Global Challenges of Harvesting and how the CTL method can respond to them
Round small-diameter timber for construction : final report of project FAIR CT 95-0091
Wood : Weekend toy projects
Finishes for wood
The specific pattern of the wood of Karelian birch (Betula pendula Roth var. carelica (Merckl.) Hӓmet-Ahti), is created mainly by dark-coloured inclusions of parenchyma tissue. Our study revealed that the greatest density of parenchyma inclusions in Karelian birch wood is observed above branch attachments to the trunk and below forks. In the place of branch attachment, phloem flows of photoassimilates (sucrose) from the branch and along the trunk merge into one pathway, causing a rise in sucrose content in tissues there. In the area below the fork, sucrose flows from two (or more) trunk axes are combined. Many studies have demonstrated that elevated sucrose level is associated with the differentiation of parenchyma. We believe that where large phloem fluxes merge a high level of sucrose promotes mass differentiation of parenchyma cells instead of fibers and vessels. As a result, the density of the figured pattern in the wood increases. The obtained data have a practical value and can be used in developing recommendations for Karelian birch cultivation..
Design of structural timber
Long-term outlook for wood construction in Europe
Influence of saw and secateur pruning on stem discolouration, wound cicatrisation and diameter growth of Betula pendula
The lie tree
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
Developments in timber engineering : the Swiss contribution
Functional and ecological xylem anatomy
Carving Wooden animals
Corporate responsibility reporting of the largest forest industry companies in North America
The insect factor in wood decay : an account of wood-boring insects with particular reference to timber indoors
Improving the properties of solid scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) wood by using modification technology and agents
Sculpting the female face and figure in wood : a reference and techniques manual
Rooted in the Forests
Simple wooden toys
Wood-based energy in the northern forests
Studies of water vapor transport and sorption in wood
Biodegradable substances in wood protection
Luonnontuotealan valtakunnallinen tutkimusseminaari : 5.10.2010 Joensuu, Itä-Suomen yliopisto = Proceedings of the national research seminar on nature products, Joensuu, October 5, 2010
Development plan of a historical garden : Case study of Ámade- Bajzáth- Pappenheim Castle park in Iszkaszentgyörgy, Hungary
Green wood for the garden : 15 easy weekend projects using freshly cut wood
Woods of the world : the multimedia source for information on wood
Practical conservation : our guide to caring for your treasures
Effect of thinning on stem form and wood characteristics of teak (Tectona grandis) in a humid tropical site in Costa Rica
Moisture content of Norway spruce stump wood at clear cutting areas and roadside storage sites
Woodturning : an individual approach
Wood : finishing techniques you can use
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 2, Application to dowel type connections
Forest products annual market review 2015-2016
Deformation an fracture of wood in initial defibration processes
Accessibility and enzymatic degradation of native and model cellulose substrates
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Woodcarving : Get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
Simulation of the timber drying process : prediction of moisture and quality changes
First-thinning harvesting alternatives for industrial or energy purposes based on regional Scots pine stand simulations in Finland
Carving realistic animals wiht power
Hand-applied finishes
Handcrafted projects for your home : 56 make-it-yourself accessories to personalize your space
Gardening : philosophy for everyone : cultivating wisdom
A method to model wood by using ABAQUS finite element software. Part 1, Constitutive model and computational details
Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emissions from residental wood combustion
Carving out a future : forests, livelihoods and the international woodcarving trade
Comparison of near-infrared spectroscopy models utilized to predict lignocellulosic constituents in wood samples
Utilization of modified wood shavings as growing media for selected horticultural crops
Silvicultural decisions based on simulation-optimization systems
Wisdom of trees
Wood turning from tree to table : bowls, lamps, & other projects
Amazing Vehicles You Can Make : Complete Plans and Assembly Drawings for Eight Different Models
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Assessing impacts of intensified biomass removal and biodiversity protection on European forests
Living with wood
Esineitä ympärillämme = The things around us
Model for international trade of sawnwood using machine learning models
British-grown timber and timber trees : being a concise description of each species, together with notes as to their value for ornamental and economic planting, including an account of the soils suited to their cultivation, the uses to which the timber is applied, the current value of the wood, etc
Surface modification of solid wood using different techniques
Working with Wood
This unique book provides the first comprehensive overview of wood based bioenergy in the northern hardwood forests of the Eastern United States. This includes a holistic look at the topic of wood based bioenergy, as well as focused analyses of key topics.
Horse carving
The EU timber operators' perceptions of FLEGT Action Plan with focus on EUTR
Great book of woodburning
Handbook of hardwoods
Myxomycete species richness and community composition on the forest floor and decaying wood
