http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16536 absurd
absurd
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 2, issues 11-18
So the wind won't blow it all away
The amazing screw-on head and other curious objects
The complete Eightball 1-18. Vol. 1, issues 1-10
Anchorman 2 : the legend continues
Watt
Rapid reflexes : Collected strips 1984-1989
The life and opinions of Tristram Shandy, gentleman
A country road, a tree
Themes in drama : an annual publication. 6, Drama and the actor
Harlequin's millions : a fairy tale
Waiting for Godot : a tragicomedy in two acts
Daniil Kharms was one of the most iconoclastic writers to emerge from the hotbed of the early Soviet avant garde, but has only recently been recognised internationally. English language readers now have a comprehensive collection of the prose and poetry that secured Kharms' cult reputation as a master of formal invention and of what today would be called 'micro-fiction'. Kharms' uniquely deadpan style developed out of - and in spite of - the absurdities of life in Stalinist Russia.
Sleepyheads
The comic drama of the late fifth and early fourth century BCE was typified by the combination of absurd and fantastic plots, often dealing with social and political issues of the day. This study puts these elements centre-stage and argues that it was through them that the comedy of the period made its political interventions.
Sound experimentation by avant-garde theatre artists of the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries is an important but largely ignored aspect of theatre history. In this book, Curtin shows how attention to this activity enhances our understanding of artistic practice (modernism) and historical circumstance (modernity) and considers how avant-gardists staged sonic modernity by exploring its conceptual and communicative possibilities as well as its experiential realities. He critically examines avant-garde theatre through a composite analysis of dramatic texts, historical productions, sound recordings, philosophical speculations, and social movements.
Sombrero fallout : a Japanese novel
The Cambridge introduction to theatre and literature of the absurd
Albert Camus and the political philosophy of the absurd : ambivalence, resistance, and creativity
Conceptions of the absurd : from surrealism to the existential thought of Chestov and Fondane
"By the writer whom Milan Kundera called Czechoslovakia's greatest contemporary writer comes a novel (now in English for the first time) peopled with eccentric, unforgettable inhabitants of a home for the elderly who reminisce about their lives and their changing country. Written with a keen eye for the absurd and sprinkled with dialogue that captures the poignancy of the everyday, this novel allows us into the mind of an elderly woman coming to terms with the passing of time"--
Benson's cuckoos
Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd is an innovative collection of essays, written by leading scholars in the fields of theatre, performance and eco-criticism, which reconfigures absurdist theatre through the optics of ecology and environment. As well as offering strikingly new interpretations of the work of canonical playwrights such as Beckett, Genet, Ionesco, Adamov, Albee, Kafka, Pinter, Shephard and Churchill, the book playfully mimics the structure of Martin Esslin's classic text The Theatre of the Absurd, which is commonly recognised as one of the most important scholarly publications of the 20th century. By reading absurdist drama, for the first time, as an emergent form of ecological theatre, Rethinking the Theatre of the Absurd interrogates afresh the very meaning of absurdism for 21st-century audiences, while at the same time making a significant contribution to the development of theatre and performance studies as a whole. The collection's interdisciplinary approach, accessibility, and ecological focus will appeal to students and academics in a number of different fields, including theatre, performance, English, French, geography and philosophy. It will also have a major impact on the new cross disciplinary paradigm of eco-criticism.
Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
Trout fishing in America
The abortion : an historical romance 1966
Disrespecting poetry : notes on the absurd with special reference to the works of Gunnar Ekelöf, Henri Michaux and Pentti Saarikoski
The place of dead roads
Rethinking the theatre of the absurd : ecology, the environment and the greening of the modern stage
Catch-22
Avant-garde theatre sound : staging sonic modernity
Michael Y. Bennett's accessible Introduction explains the complex, multidimensional nature of the works and writers associated with the absurd - a label placed upon a number of writers who revolted against traditional theatre and literature in both similar and widely different ways. Setting the movement in its historical, intellectual and cultural contexts, Bennett provides an in-depth overview of absurdism and its key figures in theatre and literature, from Samuel Beckett and Harold Pinter to Tom Stoppard. Chapters reveal the movement's origins, development and present-day influence upon popular culture around the world, employing the latest research to this often challenging area of study in a balanced and authoritative approach. Essential reading for students of literature and theatre, this book provides the necessary tools to interpret and develop the study of a movement associated with some of the twentieth century's greatest and most influential cultural figures
Around the absurd : essays on modern and postmodern drama
Politics and anti-realism in Athenian old comedy : the art of the impossible
The theatre of the absurd
The aviary
The artist ́s joke / edited by Jennifer Higgie ; [texts: Henri Bergson...[et al.]]
Today I wrote nothing : the selected writings of Daniil Kharms
Forming. Vol II
Modern drama in theory and practice. Vol. 2, Symbolism, surrealism and the absurd
Lucky Alan : and other stories
The little white car : a novel
Reassessing the theatre of the absurd : Camus, Beckett, Ionesco, Genet, and Pinter
In watermelon sugar
Modern literature and the tragic
Rude Britannia : British comic art
The bizarre adventures of Gilbert & Sullivan
The French theater of the absurd
The absurd in literature
The dog
Dramaturgy of sound in the avant-garde and postdramatic theatre
Empty figure on an empty stage : the theatre of Samuel Beckett and his generation
Revenge of the lawn : stories 1962-1970
Sound is born and dies with action. In this surprising, resourceful study, Mladen Ovadija makes a case for the centrality of sound as an integral element of contemporary theatre. He argues that sound in theatre inevitably "betrays" the dramatic text, and that sound is performance. Until recently, theatrical sound has largely been regarded as supplemental to the dramatic plot. Now, however, sound is the subject of renewed interest in theatrical discourse. Dramaturgy of sound, Ovadija argues, reads and writes a theatrical idiom based on two inseparable, intertwined strands - the gestural, corporeal power of the performer's voice and the structural value of stage sound. His extensive research in experimental performance and his examination of the pioneering work by Futurists, Dadaists, and Expressionists enable Ovadija to create a powerful study of autonomous sound as an essential element in the creation of synesthetic theatre. Dramaturgy of Sound in the Avant-garde and Postdramatic Theatre presents a cogent argument about a continuous tradition in experimental theatre running from early modernist to contemporary works.
Waiting for Godot
Tales from beyond science
Albert Camus and the philosophy of the absurd
