http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16557 painters (occupations)
painters (occupations)
Seppo Lagomin taiteesta = The art of Seppo Lagom
Akseli Gallen-Kallela : artist and visionary = katsoin outoja unia
Markku Keränen : sinitakkinen mies nousi autoon = mannen i blå rock steg in i bilen = a man in a blue coat stepped into a car
The devil, death and the angel in the studio : studies on Hugo Simberg's art
Catalogue raisonné of Isaac Wacklin's works.
Select bibliography
Mucha : the triumph of Art Nouveau
Like lipstick traces : daily life polaroids from thirteen graffiti writers
Akseli Gallen-Kallela : the spirit of Finland
Tapani Tamminen : värin politiikkaa = politics of colour
Jaap Wagemaker's informal art
Kyse on aikamme taiteesta : Maire Gullichsen 100 vuotta 2007 = It's about the art of our time : Maire Gullichsen 100 years 2007 = Det är fråga om nutida konst : Maire Gullichsen 100 år 2007
The cat who wasn't there
Kirsti Johanna Virtanen : experiencing contemporary art = modernin taiteen uusi ulottuvuus
Anton Raphael Mengs and neoclassicism
Me : Seinäjoen taiteilijaseuran 40-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu : 40 years of Seinäjoki Artists' Association = We
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
A piece of the world : A Novel
2000+ : KESKISUOMALAISTA KUVATAIDETTA VUOSITUHANNEN VAIHTEESSA : CENTRAL FINNISH ART AT THE TURN OF THE MILLENIUM = 2000+
Gheorghe Petraşcu
Egon Schiele : the Leopold Collection, Vienna
A concise history of Canadian painting
On op-art
Real'nìst' nezrimogo svìtu = Subtle world reality : katalog vystavki : 1995
Kiba Lumberg : vie minut pois : musta perhonen : black butterfly = take me away
A checklist of painters c. 1200-1976 : represented in the Witt Library, Courtauld Institute of Art, London
Kun henki voittaa aineen : havaintoja Reino Hietasen taiteesta = The spirit defeats the substance : reflections on the art of Reino Hietanen
Mysteries of the rectangle : essays on painting
Viggo Wallensköld : vuoden nuori taiteilija 2005 = årets unga konstnär = young artist of the year 2005
Women painters in Scandinavia 1880-1900
The life and times of Isaac Wacklin.
Health effects of occupational exposure to organic solvents and paint compounds
Alpo Jaakola : Jokainen askel kielletyllä nurmikolla : every step on the forbidden lawn
Summary.
Isaac Wacklin : pinxit
International dictionary, miniature painters, porcelain painters, silhouettists = Internationales Lexikon Miniatur-maler, Porzellan-maler, Silhouettisten = Dictionnaire international, peintres miniaturistes, peintres sur porcelaine, silhouettistes
Painted and photographed portraits in Finland 1839-1870
Henry Wuorila-Stenberg : ristiriidasta myötätuntoon = from contradiction to compassion = från konflikt till medkänsla
Akseli Gallen-Kallela : with a chronology of the artist's life
Michelangelo, like Leonardo, was a man of many talents; sculptor, architect, painter and poet, he made the apotheosis of muscular movement, which to him was the physical manifestation of passion. He moulded his draughtsmanship, bent it, twisted it, and stretched it to the extreme limits of possibility. There are not any landscapes in Michelangelo's painting. All the emotions, all the passions, all the thoughts of humanity were personified in his eyes in the naked bodies of men and women. He rarely conceived his human forms in attitudes of immobility or repose. Michelangelo became a painter so that he could express in a more malleable material what his titanesque soul felt, what his sculptor's imagination saw, but what sculpture refused him. Thus this admirable sculptor became the creator, at the Vatican, of the most lyrical and epic decoration ever seen: the Sistine Chapel. The profusion of his invention is spread over this vast area of over 900 square metres. There are 343 principal figures of prodigious variety of expression, many of colossal size, and in addition a great number of subsidiary ones introduced for decorative effect. The creator of this vast scheme was only thirty-four when he began his work. Michelangelo compels us to enlarge our conception of what is beautiful. To the Greeks it was physical perfection; but Michelangelo cared little for physical beauty, except in a few instances, such as his painting of Adam on the Sistine ceiling, and his sculptures of the Pieta. Though a master of anatomy and of the laws of composition, he dared to disregard both if it were necessary to express his concept: to exaggerate the muscles of his figures, and even put them in positions the human body could not naturally assume. In his later painting, The Last Judgment on the end wall of the Sistine, he poured out his soul like a torrent. Michelangelo was the first to make the human form express a variety of emotions. In his hands emotion became an instrument upon which he played, extracting themes and harmonies of infinite variety. His figures carry our imagination far beyond the personal meaning of the names attached to them.
L'œeuvre de Jean Gorin = The works of Jean Gorin  = Das Werk von Jean Gorin
Henry Wuorila-Stenberg : paintings 1997-1998
Thomas Brezing : the art of failure isn't hard to master
Sammandrag. - Summary.
Knee disorders in carpet and floor layers and painters
Scandinavian modernism : painting in Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden 1910-1920 : Göteborgs konstmuseum, Gothenburg, 12 August to 8 October 1989 : Nasjonalgalleriet, Oslo, 28 October to 18 December 1989 : Moderna museet, Stockholm, 13 January to 4 March 1990 : Ateneumin taidemuseo, Helsinki, 28 March to 20 May 1990 : The Hermitage, Leningrad, 12 June to 25 July 1990 : Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow, 18 August to 19 September 1990
Burning Ash
Artists in the life of Charleston : through colony and state from restoration to reconstruction
Glass-painters
Aimo Kanerva : suomalaista maisemaa etsimässä = in search of the image of the Finnish landscape
All the paintings of Jan van Eyck
Marc Chagall
Surface and depth : early modernism in Finland 1890-1920
Exploring The garden of delights : essays on Bosch's paintings and the medieval mental culture
Advanced airbrush art / how to secrets from the masters / Timothy Remus
Juha Hälikkä Talk Show : Juha Hälikän näyttely Talk Show Galleria Uusitalossa 11.3.-4.4.2004 = The Blind gleam of organs, the skin of Juha Hälikkäs's paintings at Galleria Uusitalo[ssa] 11.3.-4.4.2004
Modern Finnish painting
Camille and the sunflowers : a story about Vincent van Gogh
Chagall
Contemporary Polish painting
Gustav Klimt : painter of women
Neuropsychiatric function of housepainters with previous long-term heavy exposure to organic solvents
The Roman Septizodium : a study in Roman topography
Viorel Mǎrginean : the landscape as a state of the soul
"The Leopold Museum in Vienna is a Mecca for devotees of Egon Schiele as it houses the world's largest permanent collection of the artist's works. Comprising works from 1905 to 1918, the year of Schiele's death, this book features large-scale reproductions that allow readers to closely examine the artist's extraordinary use of line and color. Presented chronologically, these works on paper are accompanied by insightful commentary. An introduction and biography of Schiele by Rudolf Leopold discuss the artist's influences, his controversial career, and his place in the pantheon of twentieth-century artists."
Northern light : Nordic art at the turn of the century
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotto and art research in the 19th century
Taide kantaa : Järvenpään taidemuseon kokoelma = Art endures : the Järvenpää Art Museum Collection
Augustinas Savickas : reprodukciju albumas = albom reproduktsi = a book of reproductions
