http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16573 capitalism
capitalism
Supercapitalism : the battle for democracy in the age of big business
Theory of economic dynamics : an essay on cyclical and long-run changes in capitalist economy
In the mirror of the third world : capitalist development in modern Europe
The new few or A very British oligarchy
Ethical boundaries of capitalism
Market socialism : the current debate
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
Feminism without borders : decolonizing theory, practicing solidarity
Western capitalism since the war
In this extraordinary book senior Financial Times columnist John Plender highlights and investigates a concern about the moral character of money that pre-dates the industrial revolution by more than two millennia. He explores this paradoxical aspect of the system in a historical context, looking at money, banking, entrepreneurship, art, taxation and other aspects of modern capitalism not only through the eyes of economists and business people, but through the views of philosophers, novelists, poets, artists and divines
The microeconomics of capitalism
Capital : (it fails us now)
With this timely commitment, Jacques Bidet unites the theories of arguably the world's two greatest emancipatory political thinkers. In this far-reaching and decisive text, Bidet examines Marxian and Foucauldian criticisms of capitalist modernity. For Marx, the intersection between capital and the market is crucial, while for Foucault, the organizational aspects of capital are what really matter. According to Marx, the ruling class is identified with property; with Foucault, it is the managers who hold power and knowledge that rule. Bidet identifies these two sides of capitalist modernity as 'market' and 'organization,' showing that each leads to specific forms of social conflict; against exploitation and austerity, over wages and pensions on the one hand, and against forms of 'medical' and work-based discipline, control of bodies and prisons on the other. Bidet's impetus and clarity however serve a greater purpose: uniting two souls of critical social theory, in order to overcome what has become an age-long separation between the 'old left' and the 'new social movements.'
Capitalism, value and exploitation : a radical theory
Capitalism : a treatise on economics
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Collected Hutch Owen. Volume 1
Understanding the market economy
Progressive capitalism : how to achieve economic growth, liberty and social justice
Industrial colonialism in Latin America : the third stage
Capitalism, socialism and democracy
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Today's isms : socialism, capitalism, fascism, communism, libertarianism
Superman: Red son
Socialist states in the world-system
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
Indigenous peoples rights and conflict-situation in the oil-producing states of Nigeria : the globalization connection and activities of the multinationals
Contemporary capitalism and Marxist economics
Foucault with Marx
Capitalism and sport : politics, protest, people and play
Selected essays on the dynamics of the capitalist economy 1933-1970
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
A history of capitalism 1500-1980
The 20th century capitalist revolution
The transition from capitalism to socialism
The next revolution : popular assemblies and the promise of direct democracy
Models of capitalism : debating strengths and weaknesses. Vol. 1, Capitalist models : divergence and convergence
Peasants and globalization : political economy, rural transformation and the agrarian question / edited by A. Haroon Akram-Lodhi and Cristóbal Kay
The ethical economy : rebuilding value after the crisis
Capitalism, competition and economic crisis : structural changes in advanced industrialised countries
Dictatorship of failure : the discourse of democratic failure in the current European crisis
The culture of the new capitalism
How rich countries got rich ... and why poor countries stay poor
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
How China became capitalist
The future of socialism
While there had been much radical thought before John Stuart Mill, Joseph Persky argues it was Mill, as he moved to the left, who provided the radical wing of liberalism with its first serious analytical foundation, a political economy of progress that still echoes today. A rereading of Mill's mature work suggests his theoretical understanding of accumulation led him to see laissez-faire capitalism as a transitional system. Deeply committed to the egalitarian precepts of the Enlightenment, Mill advocated gradualism and rejected revolutionary expropriation on utilitarian grounds: gradualism, not expropriation, promised meaningful long-term gains for the working classes. He endorsed laissez-faire capitalism because his theory of accumulation saw that system approaching a stationary state characterized by a great reduction in inequality and an expansion of cooperative production. These tendencies, in combination with an aggressive reform agenda made possible by the extension of the franchise, promised to provide a material base for social progress and individual development. The Political Economy of Progress goes on to claim that Mill's radical political economy anticipated more than a little of Marx's analysis of capitalism and laid a foundation for the work of Fabians and other gradualist radicals in the 20th century. More recently, modern philosophic radicals, such as Rawls, have deep links to this Millean political economy. These links are still worthy of development. In particular, a politically meaningful acceptance of Rawls's radical liberalism waits on a movement capable of re-engineering the workplace in a manner consistent with Mill's endorsement of worker management.
Modern capitalism and other essays
The emergence of African capitalism
The future of democratic capitalism
Explores the historical and contemporary process of agrarian transformation in developing countries and its impact upon peasant livelihoods, examining contemporary processes of rural change through an historically-informed analytical lens
Post-industrial capitalism : exploring economic inequality in America
Plutocrats : the rise of the new global super-rich and the fall of everyone else
The capitalist revolution : a history of American social thought : 1890-1919
"In Racial Feelings, Jeffrey Santa Ana examines how Asian American narratives communicate and critique-to varying degrees-the emotions that power the perception of Asians as racially different. Santa Ana explores various forms of Asian American cultural production, ranging from literature and graphic narratives to film and advertising, to illuminate the connections between global economic relations and the emotions that shape aspirations for the good life. He illustrates his argument with examples including the destitute Filipino immigrant William Paulinha, in Han Ong's Fixer Chao, who targets his anger on the capitalist forces of objectification that racially exploit him, and Nan and Pingpin in Ha Jin's A Free Life, who seek happiness and belonging in America. Racial Feelings addresses how Asian Americans both resist and rely on stereotypes in their writing and art work. In addition, Santa Ana investigates how capitalism shapes and structures an emotional discourse that represents Asians as both economic exemplars and threats. "--
Tradition in Chinese politics : the Party-state’s reinvention of the past and the critical response from public intellectuals
Capital : an abridged edition
Capitalism, the family, and personal life
Post-Fordism and social form : a Marxist debate on the post-Fordist state
Capitalism : money, morals and markets
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
Theories of modern capitalism
End of alchemy : money, banking and the future of the global economy
Sweden : the middle way : new revised and enlarged edition
This changes everything : capitalism vs. the climate
American capitalism : the concept of countervailing power
The memory bank : money in an unequal world
What is America? : a short history of the new world order
Nationalism and capitalism in Peru : a study in neo-imperialism
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Capital and nation-state
Political economy : a marxist textbook
Boomerang : the meltdown tour
Afterthoughts on material civilization and capitalism
Economic elites, crises, and democracy : alternatives beyond neoliberal capitalism
Trouble in paradise : from the end of history to the end of capitalism
Neoliberalism in crisis
The impulse society : what's wrong with getting what we want
Contemporary South Korean capitalism : its workings and challenges
"As financial markets expand and continue to refashion the world in their own image, the wealth of capitalist societies no longer presents itself, as it did to Karl Marx in the nineteenth century, as a "monstrous collection of commodities." Instead, it appears as an equally monstrous collection of financial securities, and the critique of political economy must proceed accordingly. But what would it mean to write Capital in the twenty-first century? Are we really to believe that risk, rather than labor, is now regarded as the true fount of economic value? Can it truly be the case that the credit relation--at least in the global North--has replaced the wage relation as the key site of exploitation and political struggle? And finally, if precarity is indeed the name of today's proletarian condition, what possible future does it actually portend, what analysis does it require? Through a series of creative substitutions, in Portfolio Society Ivan Ascher extends Marx's critical project in bold and unexpected ways. Ascher not only explains some of the often mystifying processes of contemporary finance, he also invites us to consider what becomes of capitalism itself in those places where the relation of capital to its own future is now mediated by financial markets. In the end, we may find that much has changed and much has not; relations of domination endure, and mystifications abound, but the devil is in the details, and that is where Ascher directs our attention. At once a critique of modern finance and of the societies under its spell, Portfolio Society succeeds in revealing the potential limits of Capital, while reveling still in its limitless potential." --
Can capitalism survive? : creative destruction and the future of the global economy
Monopoly capital : an essay on the American economic and social order
The cultural contradictions of capitalism
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
The rise and fall of capitalism
With the renaissance of market politics on a global scale, precarious work has become pervasive. This edited collection explores the spread across a number of economic sectors and countries worldwide of work that is invariably insecure, dirty, low-paid, and often temporary and/or part-time. The first part of this cross-disciplinary book analyses the different forms of precarious work that have arisen over the past thirty years in both the Global North and South. These transformations are captured in ethnographically orientated chapters on sweatshops, day labour, homework, Chinese construction workers' unpaid contract work, the introduction of insecure contracting into the Korean automotive industry, and the insecurity of Brazilian sugarcane cutters. The case studies all shed light upon how the nature of work and the workplace are changing under the pressures of neoliberal capitalism and what this means for workers.The editors and contributors then detail some of the ways in which precarious workers are seeking to improve their own situations through their efforts to counter the growth of precarity under neoliberal capitalism, efforts that involve collectively exploring forms of resistance to work restructuring and the failures of traditional trade unions to fully engage with precarious work's growth. Illustrating the impacts of the expansion of precarious work, this book will appeal to students, academics and those generally interested in the issues of the global economy, the reworking of labour markets, the impacts of neoliberal capitalism and ethnographies of the working poor in various parts of the world.
Studies in the development of capitalism
Illegal Mediterranean migrations to Western Europe after World War II
Undoing the demos : neoliberalism's stealth revolution
Alternatives to capitalism : proposals for a democratic economy
States of discipline : authoritarian neoliberalism and the contested reproduction of capitalist order
The universal exception
Social democracy in capitalist society : working-class politics in Britain and Sweden
The scientific management of society
Nash and Stackelberg solutions in a differential game model of capitalism
On globalization : capitalism in the 21st century
Decentring leisure : rethinking leisure theory
The mystery of capital : why capitalism triumphs in the West and fails everywhere else
Spectres of capitalism : a critique of current intellectual fashions
The invisible hand? : how market economies have emerged and declined since AD 500
Racial feelings : Asian America in a capitalist culture of emotion
Brothers
Capitalism : a ghost story
Capitalism in crisis and everyday life
The twentieth-century capitalist revolution
A theory of socialism and capitalism : economics, politics, and ethics
Atlas shrugged
Class dynamics of agrarian change
The transition from feudalism to capitalism
The survival of capitalism : reproduction of the relations of production
Presbyteries and profits : calvinism and the development of capitalism in Scotland, 1560-1707
Making capitalism work
The capitalist revolution : fifty propositions about prosperity, equality, and liberty
Making capitalism without capitalists : Gil Eyal, Iván Szelényi, and Eleanor Townsley
State and economy in contemporary capitalism
Models of democracy
Models of capitalism : debating strengths and weaknesses. Vol. 3, The ascendancy of liberal capitalism
Reinventing state capitalism
Models of capitalism : debating strengths and weaknesses. Vol. 2, Capitalist models under challenge
Socialism of fools : capitalism and modern anti-Semitism
The financial crisis and the free market cure : why pure capitalism is the world economy's only hope
Paper promises : money, debt and the new world order
The day the world stood still : September 11th
Phases of capitalist development
Sweden and the revival of the capitalist welfare state
Critical education against global capitalism : Karl Marx and revolutionary critical education
Renato Jones : The one%. Season one
Political economy and capitalism : some essays in economic tradition
Knowledge and power : the information theory of capitalism and how it is revolutionizing our world
Capitalism and class in the Gulf Arab states
Time for revolution
The sharing economy : the end of employment and the rise of crowd-based capitalism
Reconstructing development theory : international inequality, institutional reform and social emancipation
Property and contract in economics : the case for economic democracy
Capitalism, socialism and democracy ; with a new introduction by Joseph E. Stiglitz
Law, society, and political action : towards a strategy under late capitalism
Philosophical and economic foundations of capitalism
Boomerang : the biggest bust
Time, capitalism and alienation : a socio-historical inquiry into the making of modern time
The ways of the world
The subtle anatomy of capitalism
The conditions for economic recovery : a post-Keynesian analysis
The uprising : on poetry and finance
Capitalism and the historians : essays
The anti-capitalistic mentality
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
Creative capitalism : a conversation with Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, and other economic leaders
The progress of capitalism in England
Behind the veil of economics : essays in the worldly philosophy
The folklore of capitalism
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
Eat the rich
The racket : a rogue reporter vs the masters of the universe
International relations and world politics : security, economy, identity
Stress and contradiction in modern capitalism : public policy and the theory of the state
Rothschild : a story of wealth and power
Marx after Marx : history and time in the expansion of capitalism
Imperialism : the permanent stage of capitalism
Religion and the ambiquities of capitalism
Theories of "regulated capitalism" : (A collection of articles)
Stuff matters : genius, risk and the secret of capitalism
The intelligent woman's guide to socialism and capitalism
Rebel cities : from the right to the city to the urban revolution
The Britannica guide to the ideas that made the modern world : the people, philosophy, and history of the Enlightenment
The psychopath factory : how capitalism organises empathy
"The six Arab states of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) play an increasingly prominent role in the global economy and throughout the broader Middle East region. This book analyzes the recent development of Gulf capitalism through to the aftermath of the 2008 economic crisis. Situating the Gulf within the evolution of capitalism at a global scale, it presents a novel theoretical interpretation of this important region of the Middle East political economy. Accompanied by an extensive empirical analysis of all sectors of the GCC economy, the book argues that a new capitalist class, Khaleeji Capital, is forming in the Gulf--with profound implications for the Middle East as a whole"--
Can capitalism survive?
"Poetry is the language of nonexchangeability, the return of infinite hermeneutics, and the return of the sensuous body of language. I'm talking about poetry here as an excess of language, a hidden resource which enables us to shift from one paradigm to another."--P. [4] of cover.
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Whoops! : why everyone owes everyone and no one can pay
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
Capitalism: the unknown ideal
Green capitalism : the god that failed
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Neoliberal capitalism and precarious work : ethnographies of accommodation and resistance
Finance, research, education, and growth
The problem of the capitalist state
The political economy of progress : John Stuart Mill and modern radicalism
The dynamics of a capitalist economy : a multi-sectoral approach
Regulating the visible hand? : the institutional implications of chinese state capitalism
Portfolio society : on the capitalist mode of prediction
The violence of financial capitalism
The innovation illusion : how so little is created by so many working so hard
Arguing for socialism : theoretical considerations
Animal spirits : how human psychology drives the economy and why it matters for global capitalism
This book tackles a number of controversial questions regarding Sweden's economic and political development: How did Sweden become rich? How did Sweden become egalitarian? Why has Sweden since the early 1990s grown faster than the US and most EU-countries despite its high taxes and generous welfare state? The author uses new research on institutions and economic reforms to explain the rise, the fall and the recent revival of the Swedish welfare state. The central argument is that a generous welfare state Sweden's can work well, provided that it is built on well functioning capitalist institutions and economic openess.
Creating capitalism : the state and small business since 1945
Capitalism after postmodernism : neo-conservatism, legitimacy and the theory of public capital
Sovereign individuals of capitalism
Legal foundations of capitalism
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Capitalism 4.0 : the birth of a new economy in the aftermath of crisis
The market as an economic process
The second curve : thoughts on reinventing society
The new geography of capitalism : firms, finance, and society
Global problems and the culture of capitalism
On the Emancipation of Women
Exhausting modernity : grounds for a new economy
The impact of parties : politics and policies in democratic capitalist states
Critiques of capital in modern Britain and America : transatlantic exchanges 1800 to the present day
The moral ecology of markets : assessing claims about markets and justice
The twilight of capitalism
Dynamism, rivalry, and the surplus economy : two essays on the nature of capitalism
The corporations and the state : essays in the theory of capitalism and imperialism
Disaster capitalism : making a killing out of catastrophe
Capitalism with a human face
The urbanization of capital
Workers' investment funds and the dynamic inefficiency of capitalism
The protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism with other writings on the rise of the West
The former Governor of the Bank of England argues for fundamental changes to the financial system in order to reduce the risk of a new crisis.
The shock doctrine : the rice of disaster capitalism
The Future of Capitalism : How todayś economic forces shape tomorrowś world
Destiny of capitalism in the Orient
The one% own more than half the world's wealth. They've crashed economies, bought governments, and have amassed more power than any other group in history. And they still don't have enough. With this kind of power, how can anyone make them pay? Who will make them pay? Enter Renato Jones, a mysterious vigilante, out to even the score.
How markets fail : the logic of economic calamities
