http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16547 varieties
varieties
Grasslands pasture cultivars from New Zealand
The fruit expert
The new encyclopedia of orchids : 1500 species in cultivation
Passion for roses : Peter Beales' comprehensive guide to landscaping with roses
Larousse wine : the world's greatest vines, estates, and regions
Abstract.
Chemical, enzymatic and physical characteristic of cloudy apple juices
Cyclopedia of hardy fruits
Sowing time affects the abundance of pests and weeds in winter rye
Taylor's guide to heirloom vegetables
Blueberries : a century of research
Contents of trichothecenes in oats during official variety, organic cultivation and nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Manual for the selection of bulbflower cultivars : part 2.
β-Glucan contents of groats of different oat cultivars in official variety, in organic cultivation, and in nitrogen fertilization trials in Finland
Efficacy of fungicide tebuconazole in barley varieties with different resistance level
Jenkka and Jatsi, two new red raspberry cultivars
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1992-1999 = Results of official variety trials 1992-1999
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 2, Local races of plum
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Trees
Helsingin viheralueiden koristeomenapuulajikkeita = Crabapple varieties in the green areas of Helsinki
The rose in Britain
Potato variety handbook 1992.
The Nordic Gene Bank's Prunus clone archive in Finland. 1, Local races of sour cherry
The production of grapes & wine in cool climates
Bordeaux : Médoc and Graves
Commercial cherry production
DNA fingerprinting demonstrates extremely low levels of genetic variation among blackberry cultivars grown in Finland
Tulips : species and hybrids for the gardener
Barolo to Valpolicella : the wines of Northern Italy
Fern horticulture: past, present and future perspectives : proceedings of the international symposium on the cultivation and propagation of pteridophytes held at London, England, 7-11 July 1991 on the occasion of the centenary of The British Pteridological Society
Wine for dummies
Vines for wines : a wine lover's guide to the top wine grape varieties
Yield potential of chive : effects of cultivar, plastic mulch and fertilisation
Coffee
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1990-1997 = Results of official variety trials 1990-1997
The book of pears : the definitive history and guide to over 500 varieties
How to choose wine
The illustrated world encyclopedia of apples : a comprehensive identification guide to over 400 varieties accompanied by 90 scrumptious recipes
Timber press pocket guide to clematis
The culture and handling of the Blakemore strawberry
Descriptors for grapevine (Vitis spp.)
Quality tests of early ripening apple cultivars
Development and spread of high-yielding rice varieties in developing countries
All about roses
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
The book comprises eight narrative chapters and a directory to over 500 varieties of pear. The chapters follow the pear's journey across continents and cultures, tracing its history and development. Each directory entry contains tasting notes, covers the variety's origins and history, and includes full fruit descriptions for the purposes of identification, as well as details helpful to its cultivation.
Tulips : an illustrated identifier and guide to cultivation
Essentials of systematic pomology
Orchids : over 1200 species listed
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Composition and quality of Gravenstein apples grown under different environments in Norway
Willows : the genus Salix
The Red Wine Companion : a connoisseur's guide
Iris
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
The world atlas of wine
Potato variety handbook
Roses : old roses and species roses
The peony
Clematis / For colour and versatility
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
The tulip as a cutflower
Roses of the world in colour
Jancis Robinson's wine tasting workbook
Test of new flower varieties for commercial production in Northern climate conditions
Through the grapevine : an illustrated guide to wine grapes
Plum culture and district lists of plums suitable for Ontario and Quebec with descriptions of varieties
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
A traveller's wine guide to France
Winter-hardy roses from agriculture Canada
Climbing roses : the new plant library
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
The practical encyclopedia of orchids : a complete guide to orchids and their cultivation
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
The noble grapes and the great wines of France
In this study cloudy juices from six apple cultivars: 'Alwa', 'Fiesta', 'Gloster', 'Golden Delicious', 'Mutsu' and 'Pinova' were characterized in respect of polyphenols content by UPLC, PME (pectin methylesterase) activity, color, viscosity, and stability of turbidity. Apple cultivar affected significantly the chemical, enzymatic and physical properties of juices. Total quantitated polyphenols ranged from 686.63 mg l-1 ('Gloster') to 988.63 mg l-1 ('Alwa'), and polymeric proanthocyanidins were a dominant group of these compounds. All of products contained also high content of phenolic acids, mainly chlorogenic. The thermal treatment of juices did not cause a complete inactivation of pectin methylesterase. Taking into account the % of residual enzyme activity, the pasteurization was more efficient in the case of 'Fiesta' and 'Pinova' juices (13% and 14% of the initial activity, respectively). Examined juices were characterized by low values of a stable turbidity (18.07-37.75%), despite relatively high viscosity (2.40-9.60 mPas).
Wines and spirits : looking behind the label
The rose
Taylor's guide to fruits and berries
Alterations in growth and canopy architecture among dwarf, semidwarf and tall oat lines grown under northern conditions
Apparent ileal amino acid digestibility and the nutritive value of the triticale cultivars Moreno and Ulrika for growing-finishing pigs
Drought response of modern and old oat lines in greenhouse and long-term field trials
Old roses and English roses
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Handbook of peach and nectarine varieties : performance in the southeastern United States and index of names
Cornucopia : a source book of edible plants
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Hippeastrum : the gardener's amaryllis
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Single grape wines : how to taste and recognise
Hilliers' manual of trees and shrubs
The amazing world of orchids : a practical guide to selection and cultivation
Hardy herbaceous perennials. 1, A-K
The larger Rhododendron species
The effect of rootstock on apple tree bearing stability in a cooler climate
The strawberry : history, breeding and physiology
The wines of the Napa Valley
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2008-2015 = Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015
Covers the art of making, tasting, and serving tea. Examines 50 types of tea and provides recipes, along with advice on pairing tea and food.
Catalogue of the plums at the National Fruit Trials
Fruits of the world : a comprehensive guide to choosing and using
Rasberries and kindred fruits : how to obtain resh supplies daily from june to november with chapters on the Loganberry hybrid berries and giant blackberries
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
A produce reference guide to fruits and vegetables from around the world : nature's harvest
Sensory characteristics of 17 apple cultivars commonly grown in Finland were compared over three harvest years (2009-2011). Descriptive analysis with a trained panel (n = 11-14) comprised 17 attributes rated from 0 ('not at all') to 10 ('very'): four appearance (green, red, area of red colour, skin waxiness), three odour (intense, grassy, fruity), five  texture (hard, crispy, mealy, juicy, tough peel), and five flavour (intense, sour, sweet, astringent, diverse) attributes. Ratedintensities differed between the harvest years but their magnitude and direction of change varied according to the cultivar. Odour and flavour ratings tended to be higher in 2009 than in 2010 and 2011. The summer 2009 was fairly normal, while summer 2010 was hot and dry, and summer 2011  hot and humid. These climate may explain some of the differences between the first and the two subsequent years. Late season cultivars tended to be relatively stable against annual effects.
European landraces : on-farm conservation, management and use / M. Veteläinen, V. Negri, N. Maxted (eds.)
The effect of rootstock on apple yield, productivity and alternate bearing was investigated at the Institute of Horticulture, Lithuanian Research Centre for Agriculture and Forestry during a six-year period in a full bearing orchard. Apple cultivars 'Ligol' and 'Auksis' grafted on M.26 semi-dwarf rootstock; M.9, B.396, P 66, P 67 and Pure 1 dwarf rootstocks; and P 59, P 22, P 61, P 62 and PB.4 super-dwarf rootstocks were tested. Rootstock had a significant effect on apple tree growth, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency. Alternate apple bearing did not depend on rootstock vigour. Constant correlations between bearing regularity, average yield and cumulative yield efficiency were not established and differed on a cultivar or rootstock level. On the average of both tested cultivars, a more regular apple yield was recorded on Pure 1, P 59 and B.396 rootstocks. A significantly higher alternate bearing index was established on P 67, P 62 and M.9 rootstocks.
The small fruits of New York : report of the New York State Agricultural Experiment Station for the Year Ending June 30, 1925
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Responses of mustard (Brassica campestris) and rice (Oryza sativa) cultivars to tropospheric ozone in India : results from EDU treatments
Old roses
Selenium content of Finnish oats in 1997-1999 : effect of cultivars and cultivation techniques
The wine book : tells you everyhing you need to know about the wine you are drinking
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Tropical Wines : Petrolina, Brazil, May 25-28, 2010
Essential winetasting
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Some yield components in 15 raspberry families
Up-to-date fruit growing
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Persistance, yield and quality of reed canarygrass (Phalaris arundinacea L.) varieties at different sites in Norway
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Directory of apple cultivars
1001 plants you must grow before you die
Perennials. Volume 1, Early perennials
Finnish Grain Quality in 2013.
Pocket guide to varieties of potatoes
Effects of sowing time on pink snow mould, leaf rust and winter damage in winter rye varieties in Finland
Advanced certificate study pack
Hardy herbaceous perennials. 2, L-Z
Genetic enhancement of sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) diversity through an integrated approach = Genetisk forbetring av sortsmangfaldet i sorghum - ei integrert tilnærming
Jancis Robinson's wine course
Resistance to powdery mildew in selections from barley landraces collected in Greece
Discovering potatoes : a directory of the world's best varieties and how to prepare and cook them, with over 40 sumptuous recipes
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
The book of matcha : a superhero tea - what it is, how to drink it, recipes and lots more
Prunus hybrids, selections and cultivars, at the University of Minnesota Fruit Breeding Farm
Suitability of ornamental Pyrus species for pollenizing pear (Pyrus communis L.) and pollen compatibility of plum cultivars
Common lilac cultuvars in the green areas of the city of Helsinki, Finland
Discusses wine vintages and provides advice on how to sample various types of wines, how to select the right wine, how to judge a wine by its label, how to serve and store it, and how to distinguish good wine from bad.
The wines of the south of France : from Banyuls to St Raphael
Progress in the breeding of hardy apples for the Canadian northwest
Varieties of lettuce : an international monograph
The concise world atlas of wine
New world wines : the complete guide
Growing bougainvilleas
The little book of coffee
Drinkology wine : a guide to the grape
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Modern roses V : a concise descriptive list of all roses in commerce or of historical or botanical importance
Annual variation in sensory characteristics of seventeen apple cultivars
Faba bean germplasm catalog : pure line collection
The checklist of species, hybrids and cultivars of the genus Fuchsia
1001 wines you must try before you die
Miniature roses : their care and cultivation
Apples for twenty-first century
UPOV workshop on new technology for cultivar description and characterization, Cambridge, UK, September 1988.
Report of a Working Group on Potato : First Meeting 23-25 March 2000, Wageningen, the Netherlands : ECP/GR (European Cooperative Programme for Crop Genetic Resources Networks)
Grapes & wines : a comprehensive guide to varieties and flavours
Manual of woody landscape plants : their identification, ornamental characteristics, culture, propagation and uses
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1988-1995 = Results of official variety trials 1988-1995
Gardening with climbers
Crop variety trials : data management and analysis
An illustrated encyclopedia of clematis
Vegetables : characteristics, production, and marketing
Pelargoniums : a gardener's guide to the species and their cultivars and hybrids
