http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16595 New Age movement
New Age movement
Going native or going naive? : white shamanism and the neo-noble savage
Nature religion today : paganism in the modern world
Grow younger, live longer : ten steps to reverse ageing
New religions in a postmodern world
A course in miracles : combined volume
New religions and the new Europe
Religious women and the sacrality of nature in modern Finland : two case studies
The new world order
Heart of the Christos : starseeding from the Pleiades
American Indian magic : sacred pow wows & hopi prophecies
Encyclopedia of spirituality : spiritual inspiration to transform your life
Conversations on the edge of the Apocalypse : contemplating the future with Noam Chomsky, George Carlin, Deepak Chopra, Rupert Sheldrake, and others
New age and neopagan religions in America
American gurus : from American transcendentalism to new age religion
Psychic protection : creating positive energies for people and places
The compact guide to world religions
The Fourth Way in Finland
The power of now : a guide to spiritual enlightenment
Possession, power and the new age : ambiguities of authority in neoliberal societies
New religions : different aspects of tension with society
The aquarian conspiracy : personal and social transformation in the 1980s
This new age business : the story of the ancient and continuing quest to bring down heaven on earth
Perspectives on the New Age
On the Finnish present-day religiosity and the New Age thought
The sound of one hand killing
Complexity : life at the edge of chaos
The past in the New Age discourse
The New Age movement and the biblical worldview : conflict and dialogue
The public image of the alternative and complementary medicine
Transforming the world : bringing the New Age into focus
The New Age and pastoral theology : towards the resurgence of the sacred
Children of the New Age : a history of spiritual practices
New Age spirituality in San Marcos la Laguna, Guatemala
"Are you content with being just ordinary= Or do you wish to make progress and be outstanding?" : new ritual practices in contemporary Sweden
For more than thirty years, The Universe Next Door has set the standard for a clear, readable introduction to worldviews. In this new fifth edition James Sire offers additional student-friendly features to his concise, easily understood introductions to theism, deism, naturalism, Marxism, nihilism, existentialism, Eastern monism, New Age philosophy and postmodernism. Included in this expanded format are a new chapter on Islam and informative sidebars throughout. The book continues to build on Sire's refined definition of worldviews from the fourth edition and includes other updates as well, keeping this standard text fresh and useful. In a world of ever-increasing diversity, The Universe Next Door offers a unique resource for understanding the variety of worldviews that compete with Christianity for the allegiance of minds and hearts. - Publisher
Mondo 2000 : a user's guide to the new edge : cyberpunk, virtual reality, wetware, designer aphrodisiacs, artificial life, techno-erotic paganism and more
The esoteric milieu in Finland today
The fireside treasury of light
The laws of eternity : unfolding the secrets of the multidimensional universe
Theoretical and empirical investigations into New Age spiritualities
21st-century electronic projects for a New Age
Children in new religions
A course in miracles : text, workbook, manual for teachers
Paganism : an introduction to earth-centered religions
In the sanctuary of the soul : a guide to effective prayer
The background of this research is the public perception of complementary and alternative therapies. There is an abundance of procedures and techniques that focus on the restoration and maintenance of one's health and wellbeing. This phenomenon has led to the production of a lot of information that must be evaluated by the general public. The main purpose of the research was to answer the following questions: 1) Where do people find out about complementary and alternative therapies? 2) What is their motivation to know more? 3) What is the level of interest and reaction to these therapies? The theoretical framework was based on literature covering an analysis of complementary and alternative therapies, the history of medicine and an analysis of information sources regarding these therapies, as well as medical and scientific public databases. The report was conducted through my own reading and research on the internet regarding complementary and alternative medicine. The main method used was quantitative research involving a questionnaire in; this was to ascertain the public perception of and level of interest in this field. The findings show that public perception towards alternative and complementary medicine is generally positive and there that is a growing interest in this field, due to both health reasons and the search for spiritual fulfilment. However, the public is for the most part poorly informed, as the sources of information often bring up for many questions of validity and reliability. Furthermore, public perception may suffer due to the fact that these therapies are often marketed as common healthcare products or services, through which they can lose some of their authenticity. The report helps the reader understand the overall position of complementary and alternative therapies in the broader context of contemporary medicine, as well as how this specific information is conveyed to the public.
New Age almanac
The marketing of tradition : perspectives on folklore, tourism and the heritage indust[r]y
The spiritual revolution : why religion is giving way to spirituality
New age spirituality : rethinking religion
Signet of Atlantis : war in heaven bypass
The prophet's way : a guide to living in the now
The pathwork of self-transformation
Turn on, tune in, drop out
The Finnish present-day religiosity and the New Age thought
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
New Age in Finland : a view through Finnish New Age magazines
Women's rituals : a sourcebook
The hidden connections : a science for sustainable living
New age and new religious movements : Ryttylä (Finland) 10-13 May, 1993
The glocal New Age
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
In search of New Age spiritualities
Exploring new religions
The new age dictionary : a guide to planetary family consciousness
The revolution of reality : a catechism of mind
The channeling zone : American spirituality in an anxious age
The Urantia book
3HO in the light of experience : a study of experiences in the healthy, happy and holy organization (3HO)
Spiritual entrepreneurship in a northern landscape : spirituality, tourism and politics
Sects, cults, and spiritual communities : a sociological analysis
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of mind, body, spirit & earth
The new age and traditional Christian religious beliefs as reflected in the values and world views of young people
Come follow me : talks on the sayings of Jesus. Vol. 3
The new age : notes of a fringe watcher
Dimensions beyond the known
Scams from the great beyond : how to make easy money off of ESP, astrology, UFOs, crop circles, cattle mutilations, alien abductions, Atlantis, channeling, and other New Age nonsense
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 3, Metaphysical, New Age, and neopagan movements
New Age and holistic beliefs and practices - sometimes called the "new spirituality" - are widely distributed across modern global society. The fluid and popular nature of new age makes these movements a very challenging field to understand using traditional models of religious analysis. Rather than treating new age as an exotic specimen on the margins of "proper" religion, New Age Spirituality examines these movements as a form of everyday or lived religion. The book brings together an international range of scholars to explore the key issues: insight, healing, divination, meditation, gnosis, extraordinary experiences, and interactions with gods, spirits and superhuman powers. Combining discussion of contemporary beliefs and practices with cutting-edge theoretical analysis, the book repositions new age spirituality at the forefront of the contemporary study of religion.- Back cover.
Handbook of New Age
Millennium prophecies : predictions for the year 2000
New Age encyclopedia : a guide to the beliefs, concepts, terms, people, and organizations that make up the new global movement toward spiritual development, health and healing, higher consciousness, and related subjects
The New Age : an anthology of essential writings
One foot in Atlantis : the secret occult history of World War II and its impact on new age politics
Snowboarding to Nirvana : a spiritual adventure
Hitler's priestess : Savitri Devi, the Hindu-Aryan myth, and neo-Nazism
The emerging network : a sociology of the New Age and Neo-Pagan movements
The Universe next door : a basic worldview catalog
The Element illustrated encyclopedia of animals innature, myth and spirit
New Age spirituality : oppositional or integrative?
The New Age movement : the celebration of the self and the sacralization of modernity
Shamans/neo-shamans : ecstasy, alternative archaeologies and contemporary pagans
Global ritualism : myth and magic around the world
The tenth insight : holding the vision : further adventures of the Celestine prophecy
Wiccan feng shui : how to arrange a magickal life
"By the early twenty-first century, a phenomenon that once was inconceivable had become nearly commonplace in American society: the public spiritual teacher who neither belongs to, nor is authorized by a major religious tradition. From the Oprah Winfrey-endorsed Eckhart Tolle to figures like Gangaji and Adhyashanti, there are now countless spiritual teachers who claim and teach variants of instant or immediate enlightenment. American Gurus tells the story of how this phenomenon emerged. Through an examination of the broader literary and religious context of the subject, Arthur Versluis shows that a characteristic feature of the Western esoteric tradition is the claim that every person can achieve "spontaneous, direct, unmediated spiritual insight." This claim was articulated with special clarity by the New England Transcendentalists Bronson Alcott and Ralph Waldo Emerson. Versluis explores Transcendentalism, Walt Whitman, the Beat movement, Timothy Leary, and the New Age movement to shed light on the emergence of the contemporary American guru." -- Publisher's description.
Be here now, remember
