http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16587 children's homes (child welfare institutions)
children's homes (child welfare institutions)
Health Promotion in an Ukrainian Preschool Expirienced by Caregivers and Parents
The road to the children's home
The control of vagrants and the poor in Finland 1850-1885
"Domestic and caregiving work has been at the core of human existence throughout history. Poorly paid or even unpaid, this work has been assigned to women in most societes and occasionally to men often as enslaved, indentures, 'adopted' workers. Societies and states set the discriminatory rules, those employed develop strategies of resistance or self-protection (Part One). While some use domestic service as training for their own future independent households, others are confined to it for life and try to avoid damage to their identities (Part Two). Employment conditions are even worse in colonizer-colonized dichotomies, in which the subalternized have to run the households of administrators who believe they are running an empire (Part Three). A team of international scholars addresses these issues globally with a deep historical background. Contributors are: Ally Shireen, Eileen Boris, Dana Cooper, Jennifer Fish, David R. Goodman, Mary Gene De Guzman, Jaira Harrington, Victoria Haskins, Dirk Hoerder, Elizabeth Hordge-Freeman, Majda Hrženjak, Elizabeth Hutchison, Dimitris Kalantzopoulos, Bela Kashyap, Marta Kindler, Anna Kordasiewicz, Ms Lokesh, Sabrina Marchetti, Robyn Pariser, Jessica Richter, Magaly Rodríguez García, Raffaella Sarti, Adéla Souralová, Yukari Takai, and Andrew Urban"--Provided by publisher.
Tales of the peculiar
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
State child care : looking after children?
Promoting social interaction for individuals with communicative impairments : making contact
Annie : special anniversary edition
Works of Louisa May Alcott
Residential child care : prospects and challenges
Gargling with tar
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
The contented baby with toddler book
Alternatives to institutional child care : report of the workshop for Central and Eastern Europe
The story of Tracy Beaker
Starring Tracy Beaker
Making residential care work : structure and culture in children's homes
Tsto nam delat s malysom a-a-a g-u-u = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Thief of shadows : a Maiden Lane novel
Dimensions of substitute child care : a comparative study of foster and residential care practice
Costs and consequences of placing children in care
Wanting a daughter, needing a son : abandonment, adoption, and orphanage care in China
Respect!
My view of my children's home
Effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
Pain, normality, and the struggle for congruence : reinterpreting residential care for children and youth
Residential care : horizons for the new century
Using the data from the 2008 Finnish Well-Being and Social Relationship Survey I examine how relationship quality is associated with childbearing. The respondents are 25-44-year-old married and cohabiting Finns with no or one children in 2008 and who were followed up with register data in 2011. The combined data (N=1402) gives an opportunity to examine the effect of relationship quality to actual births during the period 2008-2011. Different perceptions of current relationship, relationship satisfaction and frequency and reasons of arguing are included to analysis. The independent variables controlling for structural factors include number of children, age and education, both partners childbearing intention and duration of current relationship. Results indicate that childless men in medium and high quality relationships are most likely to have children. Men (who have a child) in medium quality relationships are most likely to have more children. Relationship quality can shape childless womens childbearing in two ways. Higher relationship quality can strengthen womens intention to have a child and so impact positively on childbearing. Also high relationship quality can result less births among childless women. Women with an earlier child in medium or high quality relationships are most likely to have more children. .
Ma ba in bachchah-'i na'arami kih hamah ash "buv huv" mi kunad chih kunim? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
31 orphanages in West Bengal and Nepal : factors determining orphaned and abandoned children's development and well-being
Parents between work and care : effects of the new cash benefit scheme
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
And now my soul is hardened : abandoned children in Soviet Russia, 1918-1930
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
Maailman ihanin tyttö = The loveliest girl in the world
A death in summer
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Oliver Twist
You ge wu wu yan yan de ying er, wo men zen mo ban? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
The good thief
What mothers do especially when it looks like nothing
Death benefit
The tiger's wife : a novel
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 11 = Part 11, Lasten hoito = Child care
Kotityötutkimus = Housework study. Osa 3 = Part 3, 7 vuotta nuorempien lasten palkattoman kotihoidon arvo vuonna 1979 = The value of unsalaried home care of children under the age of seven in 1979
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Facing forward : residential child care in the 21st century
Psychosocial problems of children placed in children's homes
The effects of early social-emotional and relationship experience on the development of young orphanage children
Understanding residential child care
The cider house rules
Children's homes : a study in diversity
The Impact of Relationship Quality on Childbearing in Finland
Sidaynu nidhaahnaa nuunuuga-buu-huu? = What shall we do with the boo-hoo baby?
Saman katon alla : Metsolan lastenkoti, Oulu : Under the same roof : Metsola Children,s Home
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
Children's homes revisited
Children of residential homes - a million army, still missing the basic rights
Another kind of home : a review of residential child care
Tracy Beaker trilogy
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
In care and after : a positive perspective
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
The boy from baby house 10 : how one child escaped the nightmare of a Russian orphanage
From a children's home towards independent life
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
Co zrobic z bobasem buu huu huu? = What shall we do with the boo hoo baby?
Little princes : one man's promise to bring home the lost children of Nepal
Aldo van Eyck's orphanage : a modern monument
Towards a global history of domestic and caregiving workers
The tiger's wife
Earwig and the witch
Annie : collectors edition
Rights of children at risk and in care
Investing in home-preschool collaboration for understanding social worlds of multilingual children
Cider house rules
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
21 orphanages in West Bengal : factors determining orphaned and abandoned children's development and well-being
The girl on the beach
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Children's food practices in families and institutions
