http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16532 international economics
international economics global economics
Shaping accelerated development and international changes : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning relating to the international development strategy for a third United Nations development decade
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2007.
Cooperation and paradoxes in climate economics
Foreign investments and international law
Abstract.
The handbook of international trade and finance : the complete guide to risk management, international payments and currency management, bonds and guarantees, credit insurance and trade finance
The Icon critical dictionary of global economics
Reshaping the international order : a report to the Club of Rome
World economic survey 1989 : current trends and policies in the world economy
Sustainability focused Master Degree Programme and Master's Thesis
Targets and indicators : a blueprint for the international coordination of economic policy
International finance : selected readings
Studies on the macroeconomics of monetary union
Introduction to economic analysis
International taxation
The weak in the world of the strong : the developing countries in the international system
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2006.
MNC making sense of global customer relationships
The U.S. current account deficit and the global economy
The least developed countries report 2011 : the potential role of South-South cooperation for inclusive and sustainable development
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
The international economy
Comparative politics and the international political economy
Monetary policy and the global economy
Governance of the IMF : decision making, institutional oversight, transparency, and accountability
The Political economy of contemporary Africa
Shaking the globe : courageous decision-making in a changing world
America and the world political economy : Atlantic dreams and national realities
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
Why has Africa become a net food importer : explaining Africa agricultural and food trade deficits
Review of world economics
Television Business News in Different Countries. A Comparison between News Produced in the United Kingdom and i Finland
Global growth remains sluggish
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
Accounting for non-accountants
Impacts of changes in forest and economic policy and business preconditions in Russia and Finland
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
The great turning : from empire to earth community
Foreign trade and finance : essays in international economic equilibrium and adjustment
"Over the past three years, the notorious @GSElevator Twitter feed has offered a hilarious, shamelessly voyeuristic look into the real world of international finance. Hundreds of thousands followed the account, Goldman Sachs launched an internal investigation, and when the true identity of the man behind it all was revealed, it created a national media sensation--but that's only part of the story.  Where @GSElevator captured the essence of the banking elite with curated jokes and submissions overheard by readers, Straight to hell adds John LeFevre's own story--an unapologetic and darkly funny account of a career as a globe-conquering investment banker spanning New York, London, and Hong Kong."--Amazon.com.
Determinants of current account balances
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
The Great regression? : financial crisis in an age of global interdependence
State of the region report 2006.. The Baltic Sea region : Top of Europe in global competition
With the full effects of the Great Recession still unfolding, this collection of essays analyses the gendered economic impacts of the crisis. The volume, from an international set of contributors, argues that gender-differentiated economic roles and responsibilities within households and markets can potentially influence the ways in which men and women are affected in times of economic crisis.Looking at the economy through a gender lens, the contributors investigate the antecedents and consequences of the ongoing crisis as well as the recovery policies adopted in selected countries. There are case studies devoted to Latin America, transition economies, China, India, South Africa, Turkey, and the USA. Topics examined include unemployment, the job-creation potential of fiscal expansion, the behavioural response of individuals whose households have experienced loss of income, social protection initiatives, food security and the environment, shedding of jobs in export-led sectors, and lessons learned thus far. From these timely contributions, students, scholars, and policymakers are certain to better understand the theoretical and empirical linkages between gender equality and macroeconomic policy in times of crisis.
The World Bank economic review
The international linkage of national economic models
Global tourism
Asia Pacific regionalism : readings in international economic relations
The framework of economic activity : the international economy and the rise of the state in the twentieth century
Gender perspectives and gender impacts of the global economic crisis
World factory in crisis : global economy downturn as a speedbump on the path of development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the twisty road for recovery
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
The role of the competition agency in regulatory reform : proceedings of a Workshop by the OECD and the Fair Trade Commission of Japan
Euro area monetary policy has been eased significantly in recent years. The most important of the measures applied are the expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP), targeted longer-term refinancing operations and the introduction of a negative interest rate on the deposit facility. The Governing Council of the ECB has emphasised its commitment to securing a sustained adjustment in the path of inflation consistent with its inflation target, i.e. a level below, but close to, 2%. The asset purchase programme has proceeded as planned and has led to reductions across a broad spectrum of euro area interest rates..
Essays on current account imbalances
Russia 2030 based on contracts
Readings in international economics : selected by a committee of the American Economic Association
Money international
Cartels in action : case studies in international business diplomacy
International financial statistics yearbook
International economic law and developing states : some aspects
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Abstract: World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China's Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery. As one of the world's largest and most dynamic economies, as well as an important member of international matters, China attracts enormous attention and the focus is on the opportunities and challenges associated with China's emergence. The Pearl River Delta Special Economic Zone of Guangdong province in the southeast China, is the pioneer of the Chinese Economic Reform initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978, and has been the most dynamic economic region since then. During the ongoing reform process, this region has become a manufacturing center of global importance, the province with the highest GDP, and one of the fastest growing economic regions in the world. Being the leader of China's economic reform and global manufacturing centre, the region is suffering from a sharp decline in export demand, large-scale of small and medium companies shutting-down and lay-offs of migrant workers. The traditional industry mode based on cheap labour and low value-added manufacturing is facing much limitation due to rising cost of land and labour. An industrial upgrading and restructuring is the solution. To cope with the problems caused by the crisis and to transform traditional industries into high value-added and high-tech industries, local governments have implemented a series of policies to support the region's industrial upgrading. Some relevant and valuable lessons can be learnt from Taiwan's industrial upgrading. With the once-in-a-decade political change in China in November 2012, how will the new national political body affect the Pearl River Delta's revolutionary road?
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Why has world trade slowed?
Securing global commons : a small state perspective
Metla Bulletin : newsletter of the Finnish forest research institute
The Governing Council of the ECB decided on an expanded asset purchase programme (EAPP) in January 2015. Purchases have thus far been conducted to a total value of almost EUR 780 billion. At its monetary policy meeting in March 2016, the Governing Council decided to further ease the monetary policy stance. Accordingly, markets expect monetary policy to remain accommodative for a prolonged period..
Abstract: The world is definitely becoming smaller due to advances in transport and communications. Technology combined with the development of a world economy have resulted in people from different nations, cultures, languages and backgrounds now communicating, meeting and doing business with one another more than ever. Very few businesses can escape the need to at some point in time deal with foreign colleagues, clients or customers. Business is international and if an organisation wants to develop and grow it needs to harness the potential an international stage offers.  Negotiations are a frequent part of international business. Parties involved in a negotiation face different problems in reaching a successful outcome. When the parties have different cultural bacgrounds the faced problems becomes more complex. The West (UK) and the East (India) have attracted many experts to make a comparison because distinguished differences do exist in the two kinds of cultures and are the deep-seated reasons as to why negotiation styles differ between the UK and Indian business people.
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Imperialism and world economy
European unity : a survey of the European organisations
FOCAC twelve years later : achievements, challenges and the way forward
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2004.
"Twelve years have passed since the establishment of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC), an event that marked an important milestone in China-Africa relations. The forum is a platform to promote mutually beneficial South-South cooperation between China and Africa, based on mutual respect and non-interference in the internal affairs of African countries. In its ten year existence, FOCAC has achieved in deepening China-Africa relations in the economic field. Trade, investment, infrastructure and capacity building have been comprehensively promoted. But as FOCAC prepares to enter the second decade, a number of steps must be taken by Chinese and African partners to improve the current institutional arrangement by expanding space for private sector and civil society participation in decision-making and by increasing the frequency of follow-up processes to ensure effective implementation of agreed upon targets." --Publisher's description.
World hunger : 12 myths
Cultivating the human capital of the Central Baltic Sea region : policy recommendation : expat-project
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
Study of the flying geese theory from a political point of view : a Japanese propaganda argument in the post world war II era
Why the EU fails : Learning from past experiences to succeed better next time
Advances on international economics
World economic recovery : the priority of international monetary and financial co-operation : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning
Accumulation on a world scale : a critique of the theory of underdevelopment
Promoting development : effective global institutions for the twenty-first century
Summary. - Résumé. - Resumen.
Fair trade coffee in Nicaragua : impacts of certified production on cooperatives, farmers and laborers
A short history of the international economy since 1850
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 3, Regional issues : Western Hemisphere and the developing countries
Economic planning and international order
Global finance and the macroeconomy
The economics of flexible exchange rates : proceedings of a Conference at the Institute for advanced studies, Vienna, March 29-31, 1978
Co-operation amidst uncertainty : priorities for international and south-south action : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning
Euro area growth dependent on domestic demand
From the Maoist to the Post Deng China, a process of economic liberalization and opening toward the rest of the world : implications for transnational companies
A study of future worlds
Straight to hell : true tales of deviance, debauchery, and billion-dollar deals
The United States in international banking
Fragmentation : new production patterns in the world economy
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
Money in international exchange : the convertible currency system
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
Negotiation strategies and skills in international business : a study of negotiators in Finland
Growth overshadowed by hard-to-quantify risks
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
World trade grew for decades considerably faster than global GDP. In recent years, the growth of international trade has slowed to the level of the GDP growth rate. Is the most hectic phase of globalisation already history? It would seem that, in the latter part of the first post-millennium decade, it was for the most part permanent structural factors that took centre stage, while transitory cyclical factors played only a minor role. Forecasts suggest world trade growth relative to global GDP is not likely to gain significant momentum in the immediate years ahead..
International trade : new patterns of trade, production & investment
Essays in world economics
A study of negotiation styles : between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
The borderless world : power and strategy in the global marketplace
Outstanding issues in international economic law
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Achievements and challenges of microfinance institution in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
World commerce and governments : trends and outlook
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
Perspectives in international economic law
International economics : the theory of policy
Capital shortage and unemployment in the world economy : symposium 1977
Alternatives to economic globalization : a better world is possible : a report of the international forum on globalization
Role and place of engineering industries in national and world economies : up-dating to 1970-1975 of the analytical part
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Toward a new international economic order : selected papers of C. Fred Bergsten, 1972-1974
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 1, International trade and international banking
The globalization reader
A study of Negotiation Styles : Between business managers from UK and Indian cultural backgrounds
International Economics
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Development of interpersonal relationships in global virtual teams
International Monetary Fund : annual report 1998.
Historical statistics 1960-1995 = Statistiques rétrospectives 1960-1995
Challenges of globalisation to the nation state
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
A vision for the world economy : openness, diversity, and cohesion
International monetary arrangements : the problem of choice : report on the deliberations of an international study group of 32 economists
Conditionality : facts, theory and policy
The biodiversity regime - a means for the global economy : a study on international institutionalization of a techno-economic discourse of biodiversity
The international monetary system : problems and proposals
Doing business in China
International capital markets : controls, taxes, and resource allocation
International Monetary Fund : annual report 2001.
Managing trade relations in the new world economy
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
World economic outlook : April 2002 : Recessions and recoveries
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
The economist book of vital world statistics : a complete guide to the world in figures
International macroeconomics
United Nations library on transnational corporations. Vol. 3, Transnational corporations and economic development
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
International business-society management : linking corporate responsibility and globalization
Russia-China relations : current state, alternative futures, and implications for the West
Strategic new product development for the global economy
International trade and finance in a rapidly changing environment : [proceedings]. Vol. 4, Regional issues : Europe and the Far East
International economics : a European focus
Politics of development in the Barents region
Business Ethics in Global Economy
World economic and social survey. 2014/2015, Learning from national supporting MDG implementation
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
The internationalization of financial markets and national economic policy : [proceedings of a conference, held ... on April 10-11, 1980, in New York
Multinational investment and economic structure : globalisation and competitiveness
International harmonization of economic regulation
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
National monetary policies and international financial markets
International capital markets
Who captures value in global supply chains? / : case Nokia N95 Smartphone
The money lenders : bankers and a world in turmoil
Policy responses to the changing international environment : proceedings of the first Hungarian-Swiss roundtable 8-12 April, 1980
World economic outlook : a survey by the Staff of the International Monetary Fund, October 1997.
Botswana and Zimbabwe : relative success and comparative failure
Cartels or competition? : the economics of international controls by business and government
World Factory in Crisis : Global Economy Downturn as a Speedbump on the Path of Development in China’s Pearl River Delta, and the Twisty Road for Recovery
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
The man who knew : the life and times of Alan Greenspan
Small-scale farmers in liberalised trade environment : proceedings of the seminar on October 2004 in Haikko Finland
The debt trap : the IMF and the Third World
Proceedings of the International Conference "Supporting the forest sector reform in Russia and in the Southeast European countries by assessing the experiences of the new EU member states" : Pushkino 21-22nd March 2007
Global tax initiatives : the movement for the currency transaction tax
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
International business : the new realities
Tasks of forest biodiversity management and monitoring deriving from international agreements
The changing structure of international economic law : a contribution of legal history, of comparative law and of general legal theory to the debate on a new international economic order
Macroeconomic diplomacy in the 1980s : domestic politics and international conflict among the United States, Japan, and Europe
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Getting along with Gulliver : a review of Finnish-German relations
International finance
Black swans : what will chance the world next?
A monetary theory of the international economy
OECD economic outlook
The international transmission of inflation
