http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1657 influencing
influencing
Patients, power & politics : from patients to citizens
Digital revolutions : activism in the Internet age
Middle-level practitioner's role and empowerment in strategy process and implementation
NLP for managers : how to achieve excellence at work
Putting stories to work : mastering business storytelling
One world, big screen : Hollywood, the Allies and World War II
Active citizenship and community involvement : getting to the roots
The conscience of the world : the influence of non-governmental organisations in the UN system
Exploring the role of Finnish international NGOs in women empowerment in Tanzania : case: Demo Finland
Mode of communication and first impressions of personality
28 business thinkers who changed the world : the management gurus and mavericks who changed the way we think about business
Educators on the frontline : advocacy strategies for your classroom, your school, and your profession
Media power and the rhetorical potential of the "hard news" report - attitudinal mechanisms in journalistic discourse
Modern rhetorical criticism
The war of the words : the political correctness debate
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Participating student, co-active school : guide for student association's supervising teacher
Hostmanship : the art of making people feel welcome
The anxiety of influence : a theory of poetry
Public sphere and experience : toward an analysis of the bourgeois and proletarian public sphere
Public communication campaigns
When buyers say no : essential strategies for keeping a sale moving forward
Get out! : 150 easy ways for kids and grown-ups to get into nature and build a greener future
Summary.
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwashing
Persuasion : new directions in theory and research
Music and politics
Discourse of the dominant : language and power in the U.S. Congress speeches on Panama, Feb-May 1989
The brain supremacy : notes from the frontiers of neuroscience
The potential of free dance improvisation as a tool for molecular revolutuions
Objects and images : studies in design and advertising
Inside plea bargaining : the language of negotiation
Ask, measure, learn : using social media analytics to understand and influence customer behavior
Persuadable : how great leaders change their minds to change the world
Dividing the EU with Energy? : Unpacking Russia ́s energy geoeconomics
Propaganda and persuasion
Changeology : how to enable groups, communities, and societies to do things they've never done before
Selling in today's economy : applying laws of physics and performance art to gain the cutting edge
Mediated : how the media shapes your world and the way you live in it
Global university rankings and their impact : report. 2
Oh Myyy! : there goes the internet
"Never fall into silence" : rock artists' politically persuasive messages
Persuasion : reception and responsibility
Change, choice and conflict in social policy
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
Organization of influencing : a case study on the contexts, tools and channels of influencing used by Sinn Féin & IRA
Current opinion and novel practices for perioperative pain management in dogs and cats. Part 2, Use of loco-regional techniques
Get results with NLP
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
The conditions and consequences of choice : reflections on the measurement of womenś empowerment
Influence : science and practice
Engaging NLP for Work
Catholic action in Italy : the sociology of sponsored organization
National public and private EC lobbying
The everyday activist : everything you need to know to get off your backside and start to make a difference
Demanding values : participation, empowerment and NGOs in Bangladesh
Motivating people
Shaping the perspectives of future journalists : JOCID 2007-2015 : journalism for civic involvement, democracy and development
THE IMPACT OF MULTICULTURAL EMPLOYEES ON DECISION-MAKING IN MULTINATIONAL COMPANIES
Media, persuasion and propaganda
The expellee organizations and West German Ostpolitik, 1949-1969
"This is a concise, paradigm-shifting account of the power dynamics that shape everyday life - from the board room to the dinner table, the playground to the bedroom. The Machiavellian view of power as a coercive force is one of the deepest currents in our culture, yet new psychological research reveals this vision to be dead wrong. Influence is gained instead through social intelligence and empathy - but ironically the seductions of power make us lose the very qualities that made us powerful in the first place. By drawing on fascinating case studies that debunk long standing myths, Dacher Keltner illuminates this 'power paradox', revealing how it shapes not just boardrooms and elections but everyday relationships, and affects whether or not we will have an affair, break the law or find our purpose in life."--Publisher's description.
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Citizen involvement : a practical guide for change
Devices of persuasion in newspaper language
Youth participation in Finland and in Germany : status analysis and data based recommendations
Public relations : strategies and tactics
For the good of society : public participation in the siting of nuclear and hydro power projects in Finland
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
Moments of impact : how to design strategic conversations that accelerate change
Shaping places online : exploring the potential of the Internet for public engagement in spatial local governance
An up-to-the-minute adaptation of Dale Carnegie's timeless, commonsense approach to communicating. In today's world, where more and more of our communication takes place across wires and screens, Carnegie's lessons have not only lasted but become all the more critical.
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Unnatural selection : choosing boys over girls, and the consequences of a world full of men
Churchill and sea power
Jolles draws on his successful sales background and decades of research to lay out a simple, predictable, and ethical process that will enable you to lead others to discover for themselves what and why they need to change.
Behavior control
30 second seduction : how advertisers lure women through flattery, flirtation, and manipulation
Power and influence
How to win friends and influence people
Power, influence and persuasion : sell your ideas and make things happen
Reinvent yourself
Skilled interpersonal communication : research, theory, and practice
Switch : how to change things when change is hard
Persuade : using the seven drivers of motivation to master influence and persuasion
Attitudes and participation of local authority residents 1966-2004
Herd : how to change mass behaviour by harnessing our true nature
Astroturfing as a global phenomenon
Age of propaganda : the everyday use and abuse of persuasion
Designs for persuasive communication
The power of influence : intensive influencing skills in business
Attitude change and social influence
Great answers to tough questions at work
"Tobacco, alcohol and gambling corporations have been highly effective in stalling, diverting and blocking public health measures. This book provides an original and engaging expose; of the ethical issues faced by people and organizations when they accept industry money in ways that facilitate corporate influence with the public and with policy makers. It starts with a detailed examination of the risks of accepting such profits and what might be done to reduce them, then moves on to introduce the concept of a continuum of 'moral jeopardy' which shifts the emphasis from accept/not accept binaries to a focus on the extent to which people are willing to accept funding. This shift encourages people to think and speak more about the risks and to develop clearer positions for themselves. The content will be helpful to those working in government agencies, addiction services, community organizations or anyone interested in reducing the harms of addictive consumption"--Provided by publisher.
Power, Voting, and Voting Power: 30 Years After
Personal impact : what it takes to make a difference
States, Markets, the Finance Lobby and the European Union Savings Tax Directive
Persuasiveness in social marketing communication : case study " Feed the pig" and "Älä ruoki lamaa"
The art of seduction
Mind assassins : the dark arts of the Asian masters
Marketing in context : setting the scene
Getting (more of) what you want : how the secrets of economics and psychology can help you negotiate anything, in business and in life
Elements influencing coopetitive modes in a cross-border value chain
L'Europe et la puissance = Europe and power
Influence : how to make the system work for you : a handbook for the modern Machiavelli
Translation, manipulation and interpreting
To sell is human : the surprising truth about moving others
Language intelligence : lessons on persuasion from Jesus, Shakespeare, Lincoln, and Lady Gaga
The saffron kitchen
Small big : small changes that spark big influence
American Catholics through the twentieth century : spirituality, lay experience, and public life
Public affairs in practice : a practical guide to lobbying
Communication and persuasion : psychological studies of opinion change
Our politics, our selves? : liberalism, identity, and harm
Social influence in social reality : promoting individual and social change
Influence : the psychology of persuasion
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The library of shadows
Our masters' voices : the language and body language of politics
Crack the customer mind code : seven pathways from head -> heart -> yes!
The power paradox : how we gain and lose influence
The pro-Israel lobby in Europe : the politics of religion and Christian Zionism in the European Union
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Human race get off your knees : the lion sleeps no more
Doublespeak : from "revenue enhancement" to "terminal living" : how government, business, advertisers, and others use language to decieve you
Abstract: Transnationalisation, group interests  and Finland's negotiations with European Union.
Socially influencing systems:persuading people to engage with publicly displayed Twitter-based systems
Techniques of persuasion : from propaganda to brainwshing
The ethics of influence : government in the age of behavioral science
Participatory critical rhetoric : theoretical and methodological foundations for studying rhetoric in situ
Propaganda and the ethics of persuasion
The purpose of this thesis is to find out how persuasive and ensuing effectiveness advertising campaigns related to economic crisis in social marketing are. During the case study of the Finnish campaign Älä Ruoki Lamaa (“Don't Feed the Recession”) and the American campaign Feed the Pig, the primary objective is to identify key issues related to persuasive communication. The research takes a closer look at the advertisements and the web pages of the campaigns. Älä Ruoki Lamaa is a national ad campaign which urges people to spend money in order to keep the recession from expanding. The Finnish campaign is quite contrary to the campaign running in the United States, which urges people to do the exact opposite: “Feed the pig”. Both campaigns try to fight the recession, but the core messages of the campaigns are very different, as well as the knowledge and arguments communicated. Älä Ruoki Lamaa wants people to keep their old consumer behavior and Feed the Pig wants people to change their spending habits. These goals of the campaigns coincide with the goal of social marketing, to encourage people to adopt behavior that will enhance their own and fellow citizens' lives. The analysis and interpretation in this thesis concentrates on the visible aspect of the advertising campaigns. Through the results of the research, which deals with the non-traditional topic of recession, an insight into social marketing campaigns is given. During the research process various ways of improving persuasiveness of advertisements are presented and the interdependency and substitutability of different communicational tools are exemplified. The results suggest that the complex interrelations between target audience, media strategy, message structure, message strategy and presentation of the advertisements used in marketing communication all have a great influence on the persuasiveness and effectiveness of advertising campaigns, as well on social marketing communication.
Abstract: Behave and we will leave you in peace : contacts between MEPs and national parties.
Impossible to ignore : creating memorable content to influence decisions
Moral jeopardy : risks of accepting money from the alcohol, tobacco and gambling industries
David Icke marks his 20th year of uncovering astounding secrets and suppressed information with the publication of his most amazing book yet: Human Race Get off Your Knees : The Lion Sleeps No More. He takes the manipulation of the human race and the nature of reality to still new levels of understanding and he calls for humanity to rise from its knees and take back the world from the sinister network of families and non-human entities that covertly control us from cradle to grave. His most staggering revelation is that the Earth and the collective human mind is manipulated from the Moon, which, he says, is not a 'heavenly body, but an artificial construct - a gigantic 'spacecraft' (probably a hollowed-out 'planetoid') - which is home to the extraterrestrial group that has been manipulating humanity for aeons. Humanity is at a fork in the road and it is time to make a choice. Are we going to awaken to our true genius and potential as Infinite Consciousness? Or are we going to remain entrapped in body/mind and the manufactured illusions of the Moon Matrix? It is time to shake off the shackles, stop being Pavlov's dogs and grab reality by the balls and wake up to who we are truly meant to be.
Public policy in the community
Industrial democracy and industrial management : a critical essay on the possible meanings and implications of industrial democracy
Beyond the pejorative : sphere of influence in international theory
The dragon looks south : China and Southeast Asia in the new century
Citizens' possibilities to participate and influence on European Union's environmental policy through NGOs : reflections of the Finnish NGOs experiences
Information et persuasion : argumenter
The Mafia and politics
The use of blogs as a persuasive instrument : examining the case of online discussions of social injustice in the Russian Federation
The anatomy of persuasion : [how to persuade others to act on your ideas, accept your proposals, buy your products or services, hire you, promote you, and more!]
Modernizing missions : approaches to "developing" the non-western world after 1945
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Summary in Finnish.
The illusion of attitude change : towards a response contagion theory of persuasion
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Words that change minds : mastering the language of influence
You can measure practically anything in the age of social media, but if you don't know what you're looking for, collecting mountains of data won't yield a grain of insight. This non-technical guide shows you how to extract significant business value from big data with Ask-Measure-Learn, a system that helps you ask the right questions, measure the right data, and then learn from the results.--back cover.
How to be confident with NLP : powerful techniques to boost your self-confidence
We are many : reflections on movement strategy from occupation to liberation
How to change minds : the art of influence without manipulation
The activists' handbook : a step-by-step guide to participatory democracy
Persuasive copywriting : using psychology to influence, engage and sell
An abolitionist abroad : Sarah Parker Remond in cosmopolitan Europe
The science of social influence : advances and future progress
How to win friends and influence people in the digital age
The politics of influence : British ex-servicemen, cabinet decisions and cultural change (1917-57)
Yes! : 50 scientifically proven ways to be persuasive
Brainwashing : the science of thought control
"In Persuadable, you'll learn how Ray Dalio became the most successful hedge fund manager in the world by strategically curbing confidence. How Alan Mullaly saved Ford Motor Company, not by staying the course, but by continually changing course. How one Nobel Prize-winning scientist discovered the cause of ulcers by bravely doubting his own entrenched beliefs. You'll learn how Billy Graham's change of heart helped propel the civil rights movement, and how a young NFL linebacker's radical new position may prove to alter the world of professional football as we know it. Offers the seven practices of persuadable leaders. "
"In recent years, 'Nudge Units' or 'Behavioral Insights Teams' have been created in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and other nations. All over the world, public officials are using the behavioral sciences to protect the environment, promote employment and economic growth, reduce poverty, and increase national security. In this book, Cass R. Sunstein, the eminent legal scholar and best-selling co-author of Nudge, breaks new ground with a deep yet highly readable investigation into the ethical issues surrounding nudges, choice architecture, and mandates, addressing such issues as welfare, autonomy, self-government, dignity, manipulation, and the constraints and responsibilities of an ethical state. Complementing the ethical discussion, The Ethics of Influence: Government in the Age of Behavioral Science contains a wealth of new data on people's attitudes towards a broad range of nudges, choice architecture, and mandates"--
Grassroots social action : lessons in people power movements
The culture of calamity : disaster and the making of modern America
Power and persuasion : Interpersonal discourse strategies in the public domain
Brainwashing in the high schools : an examination of eleven American history textbooks
Nonlinear Distortion in Wireless Systems: Modelling and Simulation with Matlab(r) describes the principles of modeling and simulation of nonlinear distortion in single and multichannel wireless communication systems using both deterministic and stochastic signals. Models and simulation methods of nonlinear amplifiers explain in detail how to analyze and evaluate the performance of data communication links under nonlinear amplification. The book deals with the analysis of nonlinear systems with stochastic inputs and establishes the performance metrics of communication systems with regard to nonlinearity. The relationship between nonlinear system parameters (which are model dependent) and system performance figures of merit is established when the input to the system consists of real-world communication signals. The book also addresses the problem of how to embed models of distortion in system-level simulators such as MATLAB&trade; and MATLAB Simulink&trade; where practical techniques that professionals can use immediately on their projects are presented. The book explores simulation and programming issues and provides a comprehensive reference of simulation tools for nonlinearity in wireless communication systems.
Toward a typology of civil society actors : the case of the movement to change international trade rules and barriers
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Towards Baltic Sea Citizenship : experiences in public involment
"Chinese are welcome, but : ..'student teachers' attitudes toward chinese immigration influx in New  Zealand
The American uses of history : essays on public memory
Secret warriors : key scientists, code breakers and propagandists of the Great War
The strategy of desire
Perceptions, realities and forest communication
The activist's handbook : a primer for the 1990s and beyond
Change your brain, change your body : reach your ideal weight, look younger, boost your energy
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
Communication and persuasion : Psychological studies of opinion change
Consumer appeal in bodybuilding advertisements
Stories of Oprah : the Oprahfication of American culture
