http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16507 philosophy of the state
philosophy of the state
Liberty
Citizen Thomas More and his Utopia
The birth of politics : eight Greek and Roman political ideas and why they matter
Abstract.
Reappraising political theory : revisionist studies in the history of political thought
Lesson of this century : with two talks on freedom and the democratic state
On liberty and other essays
Politics ancient and modern
Politics : key concepts in philosophy
Toward perpetual peace and other writings on politics, peace, and history
Neostoicism and the early modern state
The second treatise of government
The Routledge guidebook to Plato's Republic
Human nature, or, The fundamental elements of policy ; De corpore politico: or, The elements of law
Anarchy, state, and utopia
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
The reception of Locke's politics. Vol. 3, The age of the American Revolution, 1760-1780
State, economy and society
Concerning the city of God against pagans
Peregrinations : law, form, event : Jean-Francois Lyotard
Knowledge and politics : case studies in the relationship between epistemology and political philosophy
City and soul in Plato's Republic
The cunning of unreason : making sense of politics
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
The constitution of the polis
Voltaire's politics : the poet as realist
Social contract : essays by Locke, Hume, and Rousseau
The reception of Locke's politics. Vol. 5, The church, dissent and religious toleration, 1689-1773
Jihad academy : the misperceptions of Islamic state and their consquences
Comparing political thinkers
Constitutionalism and the separation of powers
Plurality and progress : modernity in political philosophy and historical sociology
The course of American democratic thought
The open society and its enemies
Der Begriff des Staates = The concept of the state
Hayek's 'serfdom' revisited : essays by economists, philosophers and political scientists on "The road to serfdom" after 40 years
Romanticism, aesthetics, and nationalism
The state, justice, and the common good : an introduction to social and political philosophy
The elements of representation in Hobbes : aesthetics, theatre, law, and theology in the construction of Hobbes's theory of the state
Mill's moral, political and legal philosophy
The government of Poland
The Prince
The earthly republic : Italian humanists on government and society
Political writings
Trust and governance
Plato's Republic : a dialogue in sixteen chapters, with a prologue and an epilogue
Considerations on representative government
Essays on government. Ernest Barker
From apology to Utopia : the structure of international legal argument
Political theology : four new chapters on the concept of sovereignty
Voltaire and reform in the light of the French Revolution
Democracy : a reader
Finding the mean : theory and practice in Aristotelian political philosophy
Gramsci and the state
The political theory of John C. Calhoun
The reception of Locke's politics. Vol. 4, Political reform in the age of the French Revolution, 1780-1838
The principles of politics
The myth of the state
Leviathan, or, The matter, forme, & power of a commonwealth ecclesiasticall and civill
Social evolution and political theory
A short discourse on the tyrannical government : over things divine and human, but especially over the Empire and those subject to the Empire, usurped by some who are called highest pontiffs
Niccolò Machiavelli: history, power, and virtue
The reception of Locke's politics. Vol. 2, Patriarchalism, the social contract and civic virtue, 1705-1760
Man and citizen
Plato's Republic : a biography
The social and political thought of Noam Chomsky
Liberal democracy and its critics : perspectives in contemporary political thought
Federalism as grand design : political philosophers and the federal principle
The Encyclopedia of Political Thought contains over 900 A-Z entries on the most significant political thinkers, theories, concepts, ideas, and schools of thought. Available online or as an eight-volume print set, the Encyclopedia examines the history of political thought, contemporary political theory, and political philosophy. The entries range in size from shorter definitions and biographies to extended treatments of major topics and traditions. The Encyclopedia traces the evolution of political thinking from antiquity to the present and emphasizes the richness and diversity of the field's traditions.
The political writings of Samuel Pufendorf
Early state, its alternatives and analogues
Authority revisited
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
The works of Aristotle. Vol. 10, Politica
The "Augustian moment" in international politics : Niebuhr, Buttenfeld, Wight and the reclaiming of a tradition
Hobbesian moral and political theory
Leviathan
Selected political writings
On politics : [a history of political thought from Herodotus to the present]
The concert of civilizations
The works of Aristotle. 10, Politica / by Benjamin Jowett. Oeconomica / by E. S. Forster. Atheniensium respublica / by Frederic G. Kenyon
A history of fascism : 1914-1945
Plato's utopia recast : his later ethics and politics
Four systems : individualist democracy, socialist democracy, fascism, communism
The limits of state action
Thomas Hobbes : his view of man : proceedings of the Hobbes symposium at the International school of philosophy in the Netherlands (Leusden, september 1979)
Machiavelli and the modern state : the prince, the discourses on Livy, and the extended territorial republic
Leviathan. Part 1
The philosophical theory of the state
Coercion and consent : studies on the modern state
Plato's Republic : interpretation and criticism
Against religion, wars, and states : the case for enlightenment atheism, just war pacifism, and liberal-democratic anarchism
Kant's critique of Hobbes : sovereignty and cosmopolitanism
Seeking changes : the politicat development in contemporary China
Wild materialism : the ethic of terror and the modern republic
The City of God. [Vol. I]
Sir Thomas More's Utopia
From liberal democracy to fascism
The politics
The garments of court and palace : Machiavelli and the world that he made
The essential Rousseau : The social contract, Discourse on the origin of inequality, Discourse on the arts and sciences, The creed of a Savoyard priest
Conceptions of liberty in political philosophy
This book aims to provide an introduction to Aristotle's Politics, highlighting the major themes and arguments offered in the scholar's work. It begins with a discussion on what Aristotle perceives as human good, which he had described as the ethical purpose of political science, and how he views the political community, or the polis, as a community of persons formed with a view to some good purpose and a supreme entity in the sense that it is not just one aspect of city-state society but is the whole of that society. The book also discusses Aristotle's arguments against the abolition of the household for the ruling class and the communism of families and property, which Plato advocates, and highlights certain inconsistencies and vulnerabilities in his arguments supporting natural slavery and on how the husband should rule over his wife and children. The book presents Aristotle's account of the relative merits of six different types of constitution and his views on the best possible constitution that will help in the realization of the polis' true purpose of achieving the good life. It ends with a discussion on Aristotle's view of political science in relation to the protection of particular constitutions against constitutional change and political disorder.
Rousseau and the modern state
The encyclopedia of political thought
More's Utopia and a dialogue of comfort
The open society and its enemies. Volume I : The spell of Plato
An introduction to political philosophy
Philosophy bites back
Imagining the state
Envisioning eternal empire : Chinese political thought of the Warring States era
Social, political, and legal philosophy
Politics : books III and IV
The reception of Locke's politics. Vol. 6, Wealth, property and commerce, 1696-1832
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
The making of the modern state : a theoretical evolution
Discourses on Livy
The critique of the state
The philosophy of right
Reading Nozick : essays on Anarchy, state, and Utopia
Paths to development in Asia : South Korea, Vietnam, China, and Indonesia
Man and the state
Territoriality and the rise of modern state
Burke and the nature of politics : the age of the American revolution
"This book offers a significant reinterpretation of the history of republican political thought and of Niccolo Machiavelli's place within it. It locates Machiavelli's political thought within enduring debates about the proper size of republics. From the sixteenth century onward, as states grew larger, it was believed only monarchies could govern large territories effectively. Republicanism was a form of government relegated to urban city-states, anachronisms in the new age of the territorial state. For centuries, history and theory were in agreement: constructing an extended republic was as futile as trying to square the circle; but then James Madison devised a compound representative republic that enabled popular government to take on renewed life in the modern era. This work argues that Machiavelli had his own Madisonian impulse and deserves to be recognized as the first modern political theorist to envision the possibility of a republic with a large population extending over a broad territory"--
Aristotle's political theory : an introduction for students of political theory
The prince
Anarchy, state, and utopia is a foundational text in classical liberal thought, in which Robert Nozick created the intellectual underpinnings for what is now known as libertarianism. In his exhortation to limit the state to only the most minimal possible role, Nozick stirred tremendous controversy in an era predisposed to look to government as the solution to social injustice. When originally published in 1974, Anarchy, State, and Utopia was dismissed by many scholars as nothing more than a paean to the bourgeois status quo. But American politics have changed dramatically since then. Anarchy, State, and Utopia has become ever more relevant since the country has caught up with Nozick's ideas--as Clinton proclaimed, the era of big government is over. With fierce argumentation and meticulous logic, Robert Nozick gave birth to a new way of thinking about the relationship between the citizen and the state.
The general will before Rousseau : the transformation of the divine into the civic
The ethical argument against government
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
Rousseau : an introduction to his psychological, social and political theory
Hegel's philosophy of right
The philosophy of right. Vol. 3, Universal social right
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 2, Hegel and Marx
On the edge of anarchy : Locke, consent, and the limits of society
Little book of big ideas : politics
Great thinkers
The prince : the original classic
Two tracts on government
Political philosophy : the essential texts
What it means to be an American
The open society and its enemies. Vol. 1, The spell of Plato
Globalizing democracy : power, legitimacy and the intepretation of democratic ideas
The works of Aristotle. 10, Politica ; Oeconomica ; Atheniensium respublica
Leviathan : or the matter, forme and power of a commonwealth ecclasiasticall and civil
The prince on the art of power : the new illustrated edition of the renaissance masterpiece on leadership
Man and the state : modern political ideas
The development of Plato's political theory
Philosophical-political profiles
Lineages of the absolutist state
Equality
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Machiavelli in the making
Thomas Hobbes : political ideas in historical context
