http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16596 tourists and travellers
tourists and travellers
Tourism product experience of Chinese travellers to Finland
Protection of tourists
Customer satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travellers in Kuusamo and Ruka
How can Vietnam101 successfully attract visitors to its website?
Reconstructing a visitor typology based on recreation experiences
Local culture in the context of international tourism : Japanese tourists' perceptions of the culture of Saariselkä and the views of Japanese travel agents
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian Tourists
The overall objective of this product based thesis is to build and market Philippine Tourism in Finland by introducing Philippine Culture by means of Philippine Cuisine and Philippine Music via website. Through this, it will bring Philippines closer to the “net surfers” especially Finnish though we all know how far is Philippines by miles from Europe. Through the website which is like a bridge, we can build more interest and Philippines could be one of their destination on their next journey.Matkafil.fi aims to build a doorway for travellers preferably Finnish not only to travel but realize the interest of going and experiencing what Philippines is. Once they visit the site, they will be motivated, gets, interested, and more curious about Philippines. After that, they can join and visit some organizations or events in Finland arrange by Filipinos and Finnish and they could also get more information about the Philippines, and experience Philippines in Finland. By this, some of them would like to know and experience deeper and later decides to go and experience Philippine Tourism. It aims also to give information about where they will find some of the necessary information a tourist interests. Although the website could be expanded and improve in the future for other markets like Europeans, this product is focused upon the Marketing of Philippine Tourism. The website introduces also other important links of events, organizations, and agencies or airlines related to Philippines.The purpose of this thesis is to show that there are different aspects in Philippine tourism that we can use and introduce to get the others interested. In this website, we focused in the Philippine cuisine or food aspect and music aspect as restaurants and entertainment are parts of tourism. The author of this product-based thesis, undergone some website tutorials, uses the experiences to form a good imagination of the website outcome, collected some data and information used in the content of the website, searched for hosts and registered the product to start it working.     The completion of the product website was achieved in the month of October 2011 which has started since May 2011 pages by pages. Registration and Revisions of the website took place in November 2011 before the presentation of the thesis.
Tax-free shopping in Kajaani by Russian tourists
Sex, tourism and the postcolonial encounter : landscapes of longing in Egypt
Looking at tourism
Travel connections : tourism, technology, and togetherness in a mobile world
Summary in Estonian.
Tourist motivators and pull factors of Tampere : in co-operation with Visit Tampere
A Study on Swedish Charter Tourists Behaviour and Acting : Case: Gran Canaria, Spain
A vogue for travel a "stuntsa (TM) flourished in England between 1590 and the 1620s: playful imitations or burlesques of maritime enterprise and overland travel that collectively appear to be a response to particular innovations and developments in English culture. This study is the first full length scholarly work to focus on the curious phenomenon of a "madde voiagesa (TM), as the writer William Rowley called them. Anthony Parr shows that the mad voyage (as Rowley and others conceived it) had surprisingly deep and diverse roots in traditional travel practices, in courtly play and mercantile custom, and in literary culture. Looking in detail at several of the best-documented exploits, Parr situates them in the ferment of such ventures during the period in question; but also reaches back to explore their classical and mediaeval antecedents, and considers their role in creating a template for eccentric English adventure in later centuries. Renaissance Mad Voyages brings together literary and historical enquiry in order to address the implications of an interesting and neglected cultural trend. Parr's investigation of the rash of travel exploits in the period leads to extensive research on the origins of the wager on travel and its role in the expansion of English tourism and trading activity.
Impact of increasing internationalization on tourism locations' competitiveness factors : case Turku and Benalmádena
Marketing campaign for attracting US American travelers to Finland
Travelling light : photography, travel and visual culture
TravelersAround : find fellow travelers around you based on your current location - on the go
Developing international marketing for a geopark packaged tour for the Hong Kong market
Finnish outbound travel patterns : destination Germany
Tourism : Volume 3, the tourist and tourism industry
Children ́s Joensuu : The perceptions of Russian tourists travelling with children
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 8 = Part 8, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa kesällä 2000,  1.6-30.9.2000 = Foreign tourists in Finland during the summer 2000, 1 June-30 September 2000
Chinese experiencing Finland and Germany driven by cultural shaped motivations
The study of online hospitality exchange : The case of couch surfing network
How to improve marketing and customer relationship management of the cottage holiday business RapoJärviLoma, the target market being the residents of St. Petersburg and Moscow?
Travel and tour management
When in Rome... : an alternative guide for world travellers
The sage handbook of tourism studies
Service improvements and marketing development based on Russian market demand : case Peurunka
Annapurna Trekking Tourism's impact on Economy
Sicily : a literary guide for travellers
Marketing to the Russian tourists visiting Finland : case Kokemuskauppa.com
Tourism, tourists and society
To what extent poor transportation affects tourism in Tanzania : case study: Arusha region
What do tourists consider as memorable experiences?
The marketing research on potential outbound tourists in Shanghai to travel in the Kuopio region
Typical tourists : research into the theoretical and methodological foundations of a typology of tourism and recreation experiences
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 1, Visitors
Grand tour : the lure of Italy in the eighteenth century
Precarious working tourists : working holiday makers in Australia
Backpackers in Australia
Gringo trails
Customer Satisfaction of Russian and Ukrainian New Year and Christmas charter travelers to Ruka and Kuusamo
The abominable snowman : a short story from dragons at crumbling castle
Vacation decision making
Do travel writers go to hell? : a swashbuckling tale of high adventures, questionable ethics, and professional hedonism
The colour of magic : a Discworld novel
The Wiley Blackwell companion to tourism
Global tourist behavior
Russian Tourists Overnighting in Helsinki: Information Search and Use of Social Media
You must not forget to take your own harness :  Travel reports from Southern Finland, between Eckerö and Viipuri ; written in english 1774-1863
Don't look back
Debunking myths about Japanese tourists
To Rome with love
This thesis, commissioned by the Porvoo Tourist Office, is based on a survey done as a project within HAAGA-HELIA Symbio. The study was conducted during the Christmas and New Year season, i.e. late 2009 and early 2010. The research was designed for the Porvoo Tourist Office and the aim was to obtain the expectations and opinions of Russian tourists on their holiday in Porvoo. The research among Russian tourists was done by using both qualitative and quantitative methods. Questionnaires were prepared in Russian and handed out in the Porvoo Christmas/New Year program in the following places: Hotel Haikko Manor, Hotel Sparre, Hotel Seurahovi, Hotel Porvoon Mitta, Ronna's cottages, Porvoo hostel, Gasthaus Werneri, Café Helmer, Porvoo Museum/Old Town Hall, and J.L. Runeberg's home. the interviews were conducted in Haikko Manor. Porvoo is a popular destination among Russian tourists. Russians are the second largest group next to Finnish tourists and the biggest group among foreign tourists. Tourism products of a destination need to be developed continuously in order to become or remain competitive among other destinations. The aim of this thesis was, based on research findings, to give ideas for developing tourism products for Russian tourists visiting Porvoo during the Christmas and New Year season. According to the survey, Porvoo is popular as a destination for short breaks. Russians appreciate nature and friendliness of locals in Porvoo and see it as a good destination for family holidays. Russians like the fact that Porvoo is a calm and romantic small town, full of history. The respondents were interested in architecture, museums and restaurants but also found shopping possibilities important. Russian tourists expected better information and service in their mother tongue. Also, Russians were missing extra activities for families, especially in Russian and a more active nightlife in Porvoo. The results show that although Russian tourists visit Porvoo to have a relaxing holiday, different types of activities are still expected. Russians are active tourists who want to experience new things and to get to know other cultures. Therefore, in order to remain competitive it is important to provide variety in services and activities. Products or services developed for Russian tourists can also be simple things offering something new, but could nonetheless contribute to making the holiday in Porvoo even nicer.
An exploratory study of how to market Finland as a tourist destination in China : a study of Chinese travellers at Helsinki-Vantaa airport
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 7 = Part 7, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa talvella 1999-2000, 1.11.1999-30.4.200 = Foreign tourists in Finland during the winter 1999-2000, 1 November 1999-30 April 2000
Maailman matkailupäivä - World tourism day, Finlandia-talo 27.9.2007 : Tourism opens doors for women
Catching the tourist : women handicraft traders in the Gambia
Tourism in Russia : an introductory report
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Beginner's modern greek : an easy introduction
How to market tourist attractions, festivals and special events : a practical guide to maximising visitor attendance and income
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security : the role of social media
The Motivation of The Chinese Tourists Buying Luxury Goods in Europe
The impact of entertainment on tourism : case study: Agency Remarc in Greece
This is the final thesis' work for a Master's degree in Business Administration in the branch of International Business Management. This thesis concerns the tourist industry field. One of its main objectives is about the competitive factors regarding the decision of choosing a tourist destination and, more exactly, of choosing Turku or Benalmádena. There is also another main objective and it is about the situation of our two target cities regarding some examples of the current trends in the tourist market. Also, and inside this objective, special attention has been paid to the changes in the tourists' profile, such as the increase in the average age or the today inevitable reality concerning the need of sustainability in the different aspects of the current society. A research towards the fulfilment of its aims has been done in these two rather different cities located in two countries that could clearly represent two very different positions and not only when thinking about their geographical locations. In order to follow this research from the most objective point of view, interviews have been conducted as a main source of data. These interviews have been developed in both cities involving professionals and consumers' perspectives. The results of this thesis are thought for the general public and, very especially, for the professionals of the sector. It deals about the two situations in the two target cities and it may be of interest for the reader in order to reach an even higher knowledge about them and compare the situations and experiences.
Social Impacts of Tourism Development on Hainan Island
Backpacking Tourism in Tampere
Russian tourists in Porvoo
THE IMPACT OF ENTERTAINMENT ON THE TOURISM SECTOR : Case study: Agency Remarc Greece
Shoggoth's Old Peculiar
"Historic Engagements with Occidental Cultures, Religions, Powers explores centuries of unequal power relations and imperial and civilizing rhetorics, overarching themes highlighted in these infrequently heard accounts by Eastern travelers to the West. Considered in depth are evolutions in mental frameworks and practices that led to the emergence of anticolonial consciousness and strategies of protest"--Provided by publisher.
Measuring visitor expenditure for inbound tourism : international experiences : model border survey: WTO proposal
Contemporary tourism : diversity and change
The Role of Social Media in Russian Tourists' Search for Information
The map of lost memories : a novel
CONSUMER ATTITUDES AND BEHAVIOR WHEN SELECTING A HOLIDAY DESTINATION  : Introducing Kurdistan to the Finnish traveler
Economic impact of museums
A strange kind of paradise : India through foreign eyes
Introductory guide to European markets : 2000.
Marketing Philippine tourism in Finland via website : Philippine cuisine and music
Andalucia : a literary guide for travellers
Differences in Customers’ Purchase Decision Motivations between Early and Late Bookings of a Package Holiday
Visit Finland visitor survey 2014.
The effects of globalization on culture : a study of the experiences of globalization among Finnish travellers
Beyond the beach : an ethnography of modern travellers in Asia
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 4, Destination management and marketing
Mysterious traveller
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 22 = Part 22, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa 1.1.-31.12.2008 = Foreign visitors in Finland in 2008, 1 January - 31 December 2008
The bull of Mithros
From a tourist's conception to a graphic image : a case study in practice-based research
The Colourful Russian Middle Class : Case: The winter holidays visitors in Lahti city
The social psychology of tourist behaviour
Proceedings of the ATLAS conference Viana do Castelo, Portugal, 2007 : destination revisited. Part 2, Attractions
HOW TO MARKET FINNISH HOLIDAY RESORTS TO TOURISTS FROM AUSTRALASIA
Spaceflight revolution
Profiling the Adventure Tourist : Case Study New Zealand
Rajahaastattelututkimus = Border interview survey. Osa 1 = Part 1, Ulkomaiset matkailijat Suomessa talvella 1997-1998 1.12.1997-30.4.1998 = Foreign tourists in Finland during the winter 1997-1998 1.12.1997-30.4.1998
Religious tourists : constructing authentic experiences in late modern Hungarian catholicism
Gathering prey
And another thing... : Douglas Adams's hitchiker's guide to the galaxy: part six of three
Travel culture : essays on what makes us go
Developing Tourism Web Service for Russian Tourists: Case Moi Helsinki
China has been growing constantly over the past years; especially the "Open Door Policy" created opportunities and enabled the country to gain power. Unsurprisingly, the hospitality and tourism industry do not stay untouched by this event. Therefore China's outbound tourism and the affect it has on the European hospitality will be the topic of this thesis.     The objective of this research was to identify trends and changes in China's outbound tourism. From this point the research had to take two different directions to serve the complexity of the subject matter. Firstly, it needed to be clarified how China's outbound tourism had changed over the past years. Further cultural and social aspects needed to be studied in order to understand the influence they have on the travel behaviour of Chinese. These questions had been answered by the means of an extensive literature review.     Secondly, an investigation of the current situation in European hotels allowed to confront theory with a real life situation, as well as to identify the impact the growing number of Chinese travellers has on the European hospitality industry. For this reason fifteen hotel managers in Cologne had been interviewed by telephone.      Thirdly, a survey questioning Chinese about their motivations and expectations established the link between both directions. In other words the connection between trends, cultural development and the hospitality's position in this interaction had been entrenched.     The literature review as well as the telephone interviews showed that the trend, the growing number of Chinese guests, has not reached European hotels yet. The shift away from the mass tourism in terms of ADS groups to sophisticated individual travellers had been proven by the literature review as well as the questionnaire amongst Chinese. Further the four realms of the Experience Economy have been identified and underline this trend in the Chinese outbound tourism. Meaning that the Chinese travellers are still interested in luxury shopping, but experiencing Europe and its culture in all its facets has come to the fore. Besides, it needs to be acknowledged that the Chinese culture is still deeply anchored in the peoples' mentality and influences their travel behaviour as well as buying decision process.
Social media and Internet marketing's influence on decision making process of German nature tourists
American travelers in Finland
Motivations to travel as a backpacker : Case: Australia
Slow tourism : experiences and mobilities
Historic engagements with occidental cultures, religions, powers
Sultry climates : travel and sex since the Grand Tour
Renaissance mad voyages : experiments in early modern English travel
It was not until 1970s that developing countries began to step into the international tourism market. During the 1980s, the Asian Pacific region moved from being a minor player in the international tourism scene to becoming the fastest-growing and most talked about region of the world. Factors influencing travel growth in this region included the opening of new air routes, new treaties and agreements granted between countries, the relaxation of government travel barriers, the provision of cheaper travel and accommodations packages, increased marketing and promotional activities in destination countries, and rapid growing economy in the developing countries, of course. According to WTO's (World Tourism Organization) estimation, by the year 2020, the top worldwide tourists generating countries are Germany, Japan, the United States and P.R. China. There will be 405 million outbound tourists traveling from East Asia/pacific area to the other part of the world in year 2020. Asian tourism will grow fast in new millennium. Europe, as the largest destination region for years, will be still sharing the big portion of the market in terms of tourists' destination. Finland, located in Europe, as an attractive sustainable tourism destination with its pure and untouched nature, is interested to Asian tourists especially Chinese ones. Statistics show, there are over 100 000 Chinese travelers coming to Finland in the past two years and the number will enlarge in the following years. As it is still a new market segment to Finnish industry, the industry needs to develop new products which are Chinese customers focused efficiently as the most important challenge to be faced. This research is done by two native Chinese students from Haaga Institute, it covers concepts of tourism, tourism product, international tourists and tourism impacts. Authors hope that the thesis will generate efficient ideas and comments in terms of tourism development and management via short term marketing research and studies.   necessary measures to build Finland also as a tourism destination for the Chinese mass tourists of tomorrow.
Decommodifying volunteer tourism? : insights from nordic non-governmental organizations
Travel, geography and culture in ancient Greece, Egypt and the Near East
Cultural attractions in travel marketing : Finnish tour operator point of view
Measuring the perceived destination image of Vietnam in Finland
Night restaurants in Helsinki downtown area face fierce competition today. The number of various concepts is great and most operators compete for the attention and money of fairly same target market/ -s. Alongside traditional competitional tools such as quality and price new means need to be sought in order to stay in business, and more importantly, to be profitable. Relationship marketing offers one way of approaching this issue. It offers tools for studying all relationships a company has with its' environment, recognising the ones that are can be valuable and managing all these a successful entity.  In order to provide an extensive theoretical framework towards which the empirical part of the study about the use of relationship marketing can be reflected to, one has to study a number of issues. The theoretical part will begin with short introduction to socio-economic factors that affect the situation today. The issue of value creation is handled, both from the customer and the company point of view. Background and history of relationship marketing is studied and a number of marketing definitions and theories introduced. Furthermore the motivators behind consumer behaviour are discussed and concepts important to this subject explained. Finally all the issues above will be tied into logical entity in the chapter "relationship management and marketing strategy".  The empirical study was conducted as a qualitative study using half structured theme interviews. The interviewees all work in the chosen Helsinki night restaurants and are one way or another involved in the marketing planning and general management of these places. The beginning of empirical study shows the results of thirteen interviews. The later part of the chapter concentrates on the analysis that arise from the results and theory and on the recommendations based on the analysis.  In short the results show that all the restaurants in the study are familiar with the general concept of relationship marketing and practise a number of related activities such as VIP-card system and regular customer register. However it seems that strategic long term planning, clear goal setting for these actions and consistent follow up is often lacking. The importance of staff in using this approach was widely recognised but issues such as the necessity for clear separation between VIP-customers and masses divided opinions. Finally it seemed that all restaurants could name their chosen target segments but did not possess a lot data about them.
Alternative hunting in New Zealand for German target markets : controversial niche-products in tourism
Hainan island as a tourist destination
Death of a kingfisher : a Hamish Macbeth murder mystery
In this article, general and regional patterns of tourism in Finland are compared with the preconditions for tourism development. A new model of the 'regionalism' of Finland's tourism is presented. A comparison of regional tourism demand (actual tourist flows) with preconditions and supply shows that actual tourism development does not yet correspond sufficiently to the predominant image of Finland as a destination of nature-based recreation activities. The author suggests the promotion of tourism by means of a new image of 'modern periphery' and its specific application to different tourist segments and nationalities.
International handbook on ecotourism
Understanding Russian outbound tourism : what the Russian blogosphere is saying about Europe
Helsinki as a tourist destination for Chinese visitors
Tourism and recreation development
An investigation into the role of residents, stakeholders and stewards on Suomenlinna, to create proposals for sustainable tourism
The heritage tourist experience
Tourism-related informal interaction in Chembe, Malawi : an ethnographic study
Hà Nôi, dia chí du lich van hóa = Hanoi, addresses for cultural tourism
The expedition : solving the mystery of a polar tragedy
Marketing plan for a new business venture
Karma cola : [marketing the mystic East]
The light fantastic : a Discworld novel
The Canadian Rockies : early travels and explorations
Illustrated by revealing interviews with women and men in the tourist resorts in the Sinai, Egypt, this book is ostensibly about western women who sleep with ’native’ men while on holiday. Broadening the scope of issues involved, it examines the link between these holiday romances and a much wider romanticism of place and people - of the landscapes of paradise, deserts and the lure of the Bedouin sheikh - that are used to sell these destinations. It argues that the romantic stereotyping and deliberate positioning of ’Third World’ resorts as places that somehow exist outside of the modernities the women come from is inextricably bound up in the relationships. Similarly, for the local man the tourist resort is perceived as a place other than his own cultural space and time and represents a modernity that is otherwise only found in the ’West’. The relationships that ensue can therefore only occur because the tourist resort acts as an intermediate space. In analyzing the interaction of these men and women within the context of modernity, the book provides insights into gender issues to do with globalization, travel and sexuality, as well as opening up the debate on sex tourism and showing this to be a lot more ambiguous and complicated than it might at first appear.
Annapurna trekking tourism's impact on economy
This study was set to assess how poor transportation system affects tourism industry in Arusha region in Tanzania. The general objective of the study was to assess how transportation system affects tourism industry in Arusha region. Specific objective were to identify the negative and positive impact of poor transport system in tourism industry and destination development in Arusha region, how tourism industry is affected by these factors and to determine efforts undertaking by community, government and non-government organisations to improve transport system. The findings of the study shows that poor transportation system is one of the serious and greatest challenges facing tourism industry and number of social, political and economic issues are involved in poor transportation system due to unskilled engineering, environment policies, low capital, poor government policies, political regulation which in turn generate other causes of poor transportation system. Also the study shows that the number of tourists might decrease due to poor transportation system which will contribute to the decreases of National income. Through findings it is concluded that government, international organisations and communities must work together in all levels to improve transport system with high consideration of tourism stakeholders.
A tripartite model of tourist experience
Welcome to Greenland 1971
Lonely Planet's best ever travel tips : get the best travel secrets & advice from the experts
Tourists : how our fastest growing industry is changing the world
Developing International Marketing for a Geopark Packaged Tour for the Hong Kong market
Regional and structural patterns of tourism in Finland
Chinese outbound tourism
"We feel their genuine kindness" : an intercultural approach to Japanese tourist satisfaction with Finnish service encounters
Robert B. Parker's killing the blues
Health and wellness tourism
Soul tourists
The tourist business
Destination countries' risk image as perceived by Finnish travellers
Website Design for Abja Rural Tourism Destination
Paddington's London treasure : four classic stories of the bear from Peru
Birds of passage : an inquiry into the culture of young individual long-term travellers
Converging interests : traders, travelers, and tourists in Southeast Asia
International tourist's perceptions of safety and security: the role of social media
The objective of this thesis was to develop an online service for travelers who'd like to meet other travelers while on the go. The development process covered the software analysis, design and implementation of the system. TravelersAround is an online service provided to travelers around the world, who would like to spontaneously meet fellow travelers or even the locals, without any need to plan anything in advance. Many times, travelers decide to go on a trip alone, because none of their friends were available at that time or they couldn't find common interest for the same destination. That's where TravelersAround comes in. As a solo traveler, you would benefit the most out of it. Travelers log onto the system and receive a report of fellow travelers around their current location. The report is shown in real-time and provides up-to-date information. The system was developed in a short time and therefore includes the core features and functions, such as: searching for fellow online travelers in the area, sending and receiving messages, profile status updates and managing friends list. These features will provide the building block of the system's further development. Future development will feature mobile phone application for the popular smart phones in the market. The system was developed in C# programming language, .NET Framework 4.0 and SQL Server 2008 and released under the MIT OSI license. In addition, several third party open source libraries were used (refer to the Appendix 2 : Software Design documentation for the full list).
