http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16584 samba (latin dances )
samba (latin dances )
Jazz for acoustic guitar : Twenty-two all-time jazz standards specially arranged for acoustic guitar
Songs From Black Orpheus
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
Latin-American at its best : samba
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
The girl from Ipanema : the Antonio Carlos Jobim songbook
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Brazil : your passport to a new world of music
The Jobim collection : Easy piano
Latein collection. 4
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Latin music : competitive and practice tracks. 3.
The beat of Brazil : Brazilian grooves from the Warner vaults
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
Brazilian conga : Atabaque : traditional and modern rhythms from Brazil for 1, 2 or 3 congas and timbau
Sound affects : Brazil
Fool on the hill
The best of Mr Bongo
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
Whatcha gonna do
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Latin madness
Antonio Carlos Jobim's finest hour
A love affair : the music of Ivan Lins
Carnival in Rio
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
The wonderful world of Antonio Carlos Jobim : With the Nelson Riddle Orchestra
Jazz 'n' samba for guitar : The music of Antonio Carlos Jobim
Learn - play bongos with Mr. Bongo
Dance to Boï bumba
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
Live samba : analysis and interpretation of Brazilian pagode
The best samba : collection of Dancelife
Astrud Gilberto with Stanley Turrentine
Jazz classics : trombone
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
Salsa & the city
Brazilectro : Latin flavoured club tunes. Session 10
Vivo latino : best of latin music
Brazilian rhythms on the keyboard
Giants of Latin : Rumbita Molana
The most requested bossa nova & samba songs : piano, vocal, guitar
Why is this country dancing? : a one-man samba to the beat of Brazil
Samba session : 12 tunes for vocals, C, Bb and Eb instruments and rhythm section
Latin boss : the centenary collection
The social history of the Brazilian samba
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
Astrud Gilberto plus James Last Orchestra
Anthology of bossa nova guitar
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
Latin American Samba
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
Sergio Mendes & Brasil '77 : song book
The ultimate... latin album 4 : original music for latin dancing. 4, Latin eyes
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
The Brazilian sound : samba, bossa nova, and the popular music of Brazil [Revised and expanded edition]
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
Today's the day! : LAN'S Samba Schools
The mystery of samba : popular music & national identity in Brazil
Musica Brasileira : a history of popular music and the people of Brazil
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
On Broadway [Äänite] : Tito Puente and his Latin ensemble
Need to know? : Latin dancing
World Dancesport Federation: samba
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
The Brazilian sound : samba, bossa nova, and the popular music of Brazil
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Blue Note trip : scrambled, mashed
Ultra-lounge. Volume nine : Cha-cha de amor / From Mamboland to Bossa Novaville
Ballroom favourites
The Best of Banda Black Rio
Antonio Carlos Jobim and the art of bossa nova : 10 Antonio Carlos Jobim classics
Modern ballroom dancing
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
Latin favorites for easy piano : 21 standards, including Besame mucho, Granada, The girl from Ipanema.
Gold Star Ballroom : Samba
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
The Billboard book of Brazilian music : samba, bossa nova, and the popular sounds of Brazil
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
Traditional Caribbean guitar : calypso and other island rhythms
Brazilian percussion manual : Rhythms and techniques with application for the drum set
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
