http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16572 market economy
market economy
The sustainability of Chinese growth
Essays on migration
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
The economics of public issues
Dealing with China
Markets or governments : choosing between imperfect alternatives
Effects of macroeconomic news announcements on Finnish sector index returns
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 17, State and economy
Windfall : the booming business of global warming
The economics of commercial property market
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
Reflexive democracy : political equality and the welfare state
The idea in you : how to find it, build it, and change your life
The market economy and its principles. 4, The market and its principles : a focus on the developing states of Latin America
From Wall Street to the Great Wall : how to invest in China
Market infrastructure planning : a guide for decision-makers
Referat.
Blue book of commercial sector : annual report on China's commercial sector (2009-2010)
Collected Hutch Owen. Volume 1
Capitalism and the consumer
Understanding the market economy
The role of agriculture in the transition process towards a market economy : proceedings of a Symposium conducted in association with the Südost Institute and the Thyssen Foundation
Collected works of John Stuart Mill. Vol. 3, Principles of political economy with some of their applications to social philosophy, books III-V and appendices
The death of money : the coming collapse of the international monetary system
The transition to market economy and the transition of market economy : international symposium : september 18-21, 1995
A sentimental economy : commodity and community in rural Ireland
Aftershock : protect yourself and profit in the next global financial meltdown
One country, many housing markets
The 36 strategies of the Chinese for financial traders
Macroeconomics in emerging markets
Market, state and community : theoretical foundations of market socialism
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
The countercyclical capital buffer requirement is one of the new macroprudential instruments that will come into use in Finland. It enables the strengthening of the banking sector's resilience to systemic risks resulting from excessive credit growth. In setting the requirement, strong emphasis should be placed on a small range of indicators to be selected, defined and published in advance. In contrast, reducing or releasing the buffer should primarily be based on judgment by the relevant authorities..
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
The law of worldwide value
Free market in its twenties : modern business decision making in Central and Eastern Europe
Peasants against the state : the politics of market control in Bugisu, Uganda, 1900-1983
The ethical economy : rebuilding value after the crisis
China's long march toward a market economy
The market economy and its principles. 5, The market and its principles, on the basis of Poland
Market forces and world development
Market Entry to Morocco : Case company: Construcción de Invernaderos El Parador S.L.
Risks related to economic and credit cycles
Iron, steam & money : the making of the industrial revolution
A political backlash against the market economy? : papers and proceedings of a symposium held at Mustio Manor on June 18th to 20th, 1999
Czechoslovakia : which way to the market?
After Occupy : economic democracy for the 21st century
The emergence and evolution of markets
One billion customers : lessons from the front lines of doing business in China
Social protection for the informal sector and the informally employed in Vietnam : literature and data review
Modeling complexity in economic and social systems
New developments in economic education
The future of democratic capitalism
United States hegemony and the structural power of finance
OECD-FAO agricultural outlook
Mastering foreing exchange & currency options
Determinants of current account balances
Multifractality in Nordic electricity markets
Business economics
The reform and development of China's rural economy
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Post-Soviet puzzles : mapping the political economy of the former Soviet Union. Vol. 1, Against the background of the former Soviet Union
Essentials of economics
A social and economic theory of consumption
Household debt and banking sector concentration pose risks for Finland
The locust and the bee : predators and creators in capitalism's future
Spontaneous privatization in the Soviet Union : how, why and for whom ?
Industrial conflict resolution in market economies : a study of Australia, the Federal Republic of Germany, Italy, Japan and the USA
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
Free market revolution : how Ayn Rand's ideas can end big government
Establishing connections between economic performance and policies, institutions and exogenous change is difficult under any circumstances.In the case of Russia, where relevant time series are short and structural and institutional change has occurred in the absence of a well-defined model of the economy, it becomes largely - if not entirely - a matter of art and taste.This paper considers the possible impacts of structural reform under President Putin on Russian economic performance.Judging the impact of Putin's reforms on recent Russian economic performance is confounded by the problem of overdetermination.That is, we can identify a number of contributing factors, but cannot say for sure if their absence would have a crucial effect on outcomes.On the other hand, there seem to be no grounds for denying the importance of reforms, even if their short-term impact might primarily be through expectations, a factor notoriously difficult to pinpoint. Further, it is a matter of some delight that, contrary to what is currently all too easily and often argued, Russia's structural reforms continue.Key words: Russia, economic policy, reforms, growth .
Accepting the invisible hand : market-based approaches to social-economic problems
This changes everything : capitalism vs. the climate
The fortunes of liberalism : essays on Austrian economics and the ideal of freedom
The great transformation
Essays on current account imbalances
Principles of economics : Study guide
Russian business relationships in the wake of reform
Social justice in a market economy
The impact of communist ideology on Czech management practises
Supplying small solar photovoltaic systems to Hanoi, Vietnam
A political backlash against the market economy? : papers and proceedings of a symposium held at Mustio Manor on June 18th to 20th, 1999.
Large worker flows in the Finnish economy
Emerging business venture under market socialism : entrepreneurship in China
China has experienced strong economic growth for over a quarter century.This brisk growth is expected to continue thanks to such factors as China's huge labour reserve, improvements in education levels, further integration of China into the global economy and a high savings rate, which provides China with strong potential for domestic investment.On the other hand, economic development is threatened by other trends, including widening inequality, the growing complexity of the decision-making framework and worsening of the public sector economy due to banking sector fragility and the absence of an adequate pension system.Keywords: China, economic development, growth .
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
Making money : coin, currency, and the coming of capitalism
The capitalist manifesto : the historic, economic and philosophic case for laissez-faire
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Decision-making process of internationalization : Canadian water heater markets
Islam, civil society and market economy
Structural reforms will boost long-term economic prosperity in the euro area. In the short term, reforms could weaken economic performance. Nevertheless, on the whole, both an empirical and a theoretical examination of structural policy in the euro area strongly suggest there is an urgent need for structural reforms. These provide the only way to boost the potential output of the economy in a situation in which the long-term prospects for many euro area economies and the outlook for general government sustainability look bleak..
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
The new case for gold
Industrial restructuring in European transition economies : regulatory framework and the role of innovation : summary proceedings : workshop on "Policy and Regulatory Options for Promoting Industrial Restructuring in ECE Region" and Conference on "Innovation as a Vehicle for Industrial Restructuring", held on 23 and 24 April 2003  at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, Switzerland
Making capitalism fit for society
Capitalist development in Korea : labour, capital and the myth of the developmental state
What new tools and models are enriching labor economics? "Developments in Research Methods and their Application" (volume 4A) summarizes recent advances in the ways economists study wages, employment, and labor markets. Mixing conceptual models and empirical work, contributors cover subjects as diverse as field and laboratory experiments, program evaluation, and behavioral models. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title investigates recent advances in methods and models used in labor economics. It demonstrates what these new tools and techniques can accomplish. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Choice and the use of market forces in schooling : Swedish education reforms for the 1990s
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4B
The market economy : from micro to mesoeconomics
Viewed in the light of Finland's employment and unemployment figures, the labour market impact of the weak economic performance of recent years would appear so far to be less than feared. These aggregate-level figures do not, however, reveal anything about changes between sectors or worker flows. The present article explores the labour market's internal dynamics and worker flows. Our aim is to take an overview of the dynamics of the Finnish labour market that lie behind the typically reported aggregate figures. We also use worker flows to explain observed changes in unemployment. In addition to this, the article presents the results achieved when probit analysis is used to study labour market flows..
Handbook of labor economics. Vol. 4A
The Soviet economy : how it really works
Journal of marketing
Essays in search activity
China CEO : a case guide for business leaders in China
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The end of work : theological critiques of capitalism
Rival views of market society and other recent essays
Reduced form modeling of limit order markets
Households' willingness to engage in demand response in the Finnish retail electricity market : an empirical study
Who gets what and why :  the hidden world of matchmaking and market design
Continuity and change : institutions and transition in the Russian forest sector
The extent of marketization of economic systems in China
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Essays on psychology and morality in economic analysis of law
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
Business Opportunities of Solar Photovoltaic Home Systems in Vietnam : case study: FOSERA Co. Ltd.
The Russian Federation - ten years of statehood : what now?
The market economy and China
Economics of education
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Economic policy options in conditions of weak growth and low inflation
Promoting competition in Finnish grocery trade : case: Kaufland Stiftung & Co. KG
Bubble value at risk : Extremistan and procyclicaty
The secret life of money : everyday economics explained
Christianity and the market : Christian social thought for our times
Theory of economic reform and the case of Poland
Behavioral finance : understanding the social, cognitive, and economic debates
The Times guide to the single european market : A comprehensive handbook
East Central European states and the European Communities : legal adpatation to the market economy
Relationship between stock return and macroeconomic variables in vietnamese stock market : an application of VAR and VECM
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Natural capitalism : creating the next industrial revolution
Reinventing state capitalism
Maynard's revenge : the collapse of free market macroeconomics
Markets, deliberation and environment
Silent revolution : the rise and crisis of market economics in Latin America
The affluent society
Markets, market control and marketing reform : selected papers
Den of thieves
Essays on market dynamics and frictions
Capitalism : a very short introduction
The death of gentlemanly capitalism : the rise and fall of London's investment banks
An empirical study for the relationship of chinese stock market and macroeconomic indicators
An entrepreneurial approach to stewardship accountability : corporate residual and global poverty
The financial crisis and the free market cure : why pure capitalism is the world economy's only hope
Provides a formal theory of non-market failure, analyzing such problems as redundant costs, monopoly, frequency of unanticipated externalities and bureaucracy in such non-market institutions as foundations, universities, and government. This new edition updates previously used data and results.
Riding the storm : strategic planning in turbulent markets
The need for and impacts of structural policy in the euro area
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
The market economy and its principles. 2, Arbitration : a factor of the market economy
Majandusteadus : plaanimajanduselt turumajandusele = Basic economics : from plan to market
The economics of governments and markets : new directions in European public policy
High housing debt increases risks to financial stability
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
The adjustment to market economy of industrial enterprises in the transition process in Russia
Institutional analysis and economic policy
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
The decadence of industrial democracies. vol. 1, Disbelief and discredit
The perilous road to the market : the political economy of reform in Russia, India and China
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Environmental finance and investments
Hungary : on the road to the European Union
The Netherlands : transforming a market economy
Governance, the local regulation process, and enterprise adaptation in post-socialism : the case of Vyborg
Essentials of marketing research
Monetary bulletin
The agricultural situation in the European Union : 2002 report
Hughes surveys 20th century theologies of work, contrasting differing approaches to consider the 'problem of labour' from a theological perspective. It is aimed at theologians concerned with how Christianity might engage in social criticism, as well as those interested in the connection between Marxist and Christian traditions.
Problems of market liberalism
Key to the Finnish forest industry
Did Putin's reforms catapult Russia to durable growth?
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
The role of state and creation of a market economy in Russia
Money, the financial system, and the economy
Eat the rich
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
The greatest investment advisor of the twentieth century, Benjamin Graham taught and inspired people worldwide. Graham's philosophy of "value investing" -- which shields investors from substantial error and teaches them to develop long-term strategies -- has made The Intelligent Investor the stock market bible ever since its original publication in 1949. The classic text has been annotated to update Graham's timeless wisdom for today's market conditions.
Coming up short : working-class adulthood in an age of uncertainty
Market economy in Poland : a history
English abstract.
Accelerating privatization in Eastern Europe : the case of Poland
A fourth way? : privatization, property, and the emergence of new market economies
Exploring the transport system under technological change : market, business ecosystem and business model viewpoints
Market whys and human wherefores : thinking again about markets, politics and people
Transcending the economy : on the potential of passionate labor and the wastes of the market
Market liberalisation, equity and development
Economics for financial markets
Developing capital markets in Eastern Europe : a business reference
On risk prediction
Finland's financial system is, by structure, vulnerable to risks associated with lending for house purchase. Housing loan volumes are large relative to other lending by banks and requirements on banks' own funds. The fact that household debt levels have increased and that housing wealth constitutes a large proportion of household assets also increases the vulnerabilities. In addition, covered bonds secured by housing loans play a significant role in bank funding and investment. However, the increase in vulnerabilities has largely levelled off in the 2010s..
Essays in public and labour economics : estimating causal effects using regional variation
The role of forestry in the economy of Lithuania
The economics of transition : from socialist economy to market economy
Principles of Economics
Reforming China's state-owned enterprises
This work looks at how to address strategic planning in fast moving, dynamic markets. The author has developed a model - the Global Marketing Advantage System - which enables companies to dominate their chosen markets. It should enable companies to manage real time information flows in dynamic markets ensure strategic planning keeps pace with operational plans in turbulent environments and exploit and/or defend themselves from paradigm shifts. The work assesses traditional approaches to strategic planning and examines why such an approach no longer works in fast moving markets. It also discusses the infrastructure required to ensure the capture and conversion of real time data into valuable, applicable market intelligence, and guarantees that it is distributed to the right people within the organization.
The pillars of economic understanding : factors and markets
Essays on directional predictability of financial and economic time series
World development report : the state in a changing world
Time-varying conditional correlation : effect on international portfolio diversification in Southeast Asia
Vietnam economic environment and financial risks
Market power and the economy : industrial, corporate, governmental, and political aspects
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
The new value investing : applying behavioral finance to stock valuation techniques
Price-earnings ratio and influence factors : evidence from China
Beyond capitalism : the Japanese model of market economics
LEAP dialogues : career pathways in design for social innovation
Total capitalism : market politics, market state
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
The emerging mortgage market in Russia : an overview with local and foreign perspectives
Bad samaritans : the guilty secrets of rich nations and the threat to global prosperity
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
Scope and limits of the market
Causal relationship between macroeconomic variables and stock market prices in US
Transport systems are continuously evolving. A modern transport system needs to be sustainable socially, economically and environmentally. In recent decades, technological development, especially in information and communication technology, has affected today's transport systems. Three different cases are explored in this dissertation: intelligent transport systems in general, electromobility systems, and road weather and maintenance systems. Intelligent transport systems encompass a broad range of information and communication technologies that improve the safety, efficiency and performance of the transportation system. In addition to intelligent transport systems, electric vehicle systems have emerged because of increasing environmental concerns as well as oil depletion issues. Furthermore, the road weather and maintenance system is an interesting case especially in latitudes with severe weather. Despite vast amounts of recent research on the aforementioned topics, most previous studies have focused on the technical side, such as developing, prototyping and testing the technologies, whereas only a few studies have focused on the business aspects. Therefore, this dissertation aims to enrich the analysis of the emerging transportation sector under technological change from the business perspective and to provide new insights for future research. The purpose of this study is to explore the emerging transportation sector from several viewpoints by conducting empirical case studies. The cases covered are analysed through the perspectives of markets, business ecosystems and business models. The geographical scope of the research is mainly limited to Finland, especially its intelligent transport systems and road weather maintenance infrastructure. The global perspective is adopted in the case of electric vehicles. The nature of this research is qualitative, and inductive reasoning is applied. The research examines the characteristics of the market, business ecosystem, and business models that emerge transport systems under technological change. Furthermore, based on the findings of the case studies, a holistic framework model is developed to understand the technological system by integrating the viewpoints of markets, business ecosystems and business models
Money, markets, and the state : social democratic economic policies since 1918
Finland's domestic financial system has continued to function well despite the prolonged recession. Short-term risks to the stability of the domestic financial system relate particularly to weaker-than-forecast developments in the Finnish economy and risks developing on the international financial markets..
Buddha on Wall Street : what's wrong with capitalism and what we can do about it
Three times three methodological remarks
Mother of invention : how the government created free-market health care
Local participation in the West-Estonian archipelago reserve: the case of Hiiumaa
The Post-Soviet Russian economic system : An industrial  feudalism?
Business cycles and stock market's response to macroeconomic news announcements : evidence from the U.S. stock market 2002–2010
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
Post-Soviet power : state-led development and Russia's marketization
Finnish economy : structural indicators 2008
The resource curse in a post-communist regime : Russia in comparative perspective
Effects of economic policy uncertainty on stock and bond market integration
The ethical argument against government
2nd ESOMAR East and Central European Conference on: "Towards a market economy: beyond the point of no return", Warsaw, 23rd-26th April 1995.
Why capitalism?
Animal spirits : how human psychology drives the economy and why it matters for global capitalism
The outsourced self : what happens when we pay others to live our lives for us
Estonia : the transition to a market economy
The intelligent investor : a book of practical counsel
In 1997 the Russian economy seemed to have overcome inflation and to be poised for economic growth.But as it turned out there was little time to enjoy the fruits of financial stabilization, which was overturned by the 1998 crisis.Some reasons for inconsistencies in the Russian financial stabilization program are analysed here, as well as the conflict between the stability objective of monetary policy and the potentially inflationary budgetary policy that evolved in Russia in 1995-1997.Also discussed are certain trends in macroeconomic performance in 1996-1997 that raised the probability of a financial crisis. .
Regional divergence is a strong feature of the Finnish housing market and household debt. House prices are higher in growth centres than in the rest of the country, and households in growth centres also have more housing debt both in absolute terms and relative to their income. In the long term, the mutually reinforcing cycles and vulnerabilities in housing and credit markets could turn out to be detrimental to financial stability and the macroeconomy..
Market orientation : transforming food and agribusiness around the customer
How should the countercyclical capital buffer requirement be applied?
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
The accumulation of freedom : writings on anarchist economics
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Capitalism 4.0 : the birth of a new economy in the aftermath of crisis
Summary (1 s.).
From formal employment to street vending : women's room to maneuver and labor market decisions under conditions of export-orientation - the case Penang, Malaysia
Why constitutions matter
Antimarket economics : blind logic, better science, and the diversity of economic competition
The price advantage
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
The state, markets and development : beyond the neoclassical dichotomy
What factors affect the ways individuals participate in labor markets? "New Developments and Research on Labor Markets" (volume 4B) proposes answers to this and other questions on important topics of public policy. Leading labor economists demonstrate how better data and advanced experiments help them apply economic theory, yielding sharper analyses and conclusions. The combinations of these improved empirical findings with new models enable the authors of these chapters to reveal how labor economists are developing new and innovative ways to measure key parameters and test important hypotheses. This title concentrates on empirical research in specific labor markets, including those defined by age, gender, and race. It reveals how questions and answers about these markets have changed and how models measure them. It documents how conceptual models and empirical work explain important practical issues.
The theory of markets
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
Freefall : free markets and the sinking of the global economy
On macroeconomic consequences of trade with centrally planned economies
Russia : Virtual stabilization and real crisis
Structural reforms and stabilization policies in the euro area
The moral ecology of markets : assessing claims about markets and justice
Studies in the macroeconomic implications of firm entry and exit
The moral foundations of market institutions
Potential Use of Web 2.0 Tools in Technical Analysis of Securities
International business : the new realities
Chronicles : on our troubled times
The market economy and human rights
Government by the market? : the politics of public choice
The success of Russian economic reforms
The natural and the social : uncertainity, risk, change
Free market morality : the political economy of the Austrian school
Societies in transition : from plan to market, from party-dictatorship to democracy, from "socialism" to ...?
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
The loss of happiness in market democracies
The shock doctrine : the rice of disaster capitalism
This article examines the theory of economic reform in light of the actual experience Poland.Its main themes are liberalisation and stabilisation.Liberalisation in the case of transition economies implies decontrol of domestic prices and foreign trade. Liberalization may be gradual (gradualism), or immediate (shock therapy).Here, we compare the effects of these strategies using Swedar van Wijnbergen's intertemporal speculation model, taking into account the question of currency convertibility.  According to monetarist theory, budget deficits are the main cause of inflation in closed economies.Thus, stabilisation programs usually start with budget balancing.Implementation of nominal anchors for economic reform is also an important issue, because nominal anchors can help eliminate demand pressure and build credibility.Three nominal anchors, i.e. wage tax, fixed exchange rate and high interest rate are closely examined.In addition, the non-trivial task of sequencing the phases of reform is discussed. Obviously, an unsuccessful stabilisation has a strong influence on, e.g. real exchange rates and export opportunities, so how does one time the phases of reform for successful results?  Poland's "Big Bang" reform is an example of a monetarist economic reform.This analysis covers the main features of the reform, applying the credit market model of Guillermo Calvo and Fabrizio Coricelli.Calvo and Coricelli have studied the influence of tight credit on output from their empirical results, which is of particular interest in discussion of the Polish case.The paper ends with a summary of the reform outcomes to date.  Keywords: Poland, liberalisation, stabilisation, credit market .
Life after the state
Out of the red : investment and capitalism in Russia
In fifteen years, Russia has changed thoroughly.But what actually is the outcome so far of Russias change?In this paper the leading US expert on the Russian economy argues that far from being a well-defined market economy, Russia is best characterised as an industrial feudalism with many peculiarities absent from the rest of the (non-post-Soviet) modern world.The author further argues that it can take a very long time before the proper institutions are place so that a modern market economy could develop. .
"If financial guides leave you perplexed (or comatose), you should read Zombie Economics instead. It's compelling, it's straightforward, and it can change your life. Zombie Economics is for anyone in the midst of financial uncertainty, a place where carelessness and timidity will cost you. From the creeping spread of unpaid bills to the lumbering advance of creditors, Zombie Economics confronts the biggest threats to your personal economy, takes aim, and then takes them down." --Publisher.
Summary: Will the Finnish pharmacy services survive the transition to market economy: editorial.
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
This innovative book illustrates ways to put economics in the best context for it to be most effectively taught to and understood by under- and post-graduate students. It provides teachers of economics with various techniques to engage and retain the interest of students, while challenging them to apply knowledge and methodological tools to a range of economic problems. The expert contributors provide fascinating insights and ideas to both improve the quality of teaching economics and deepen students' understanding of economic reasoning and problem solving.
Strategy logic of the venture capitalist : understanding venture capitalism - the businesses within - by exploring linkages between ownership and strategy of venture capital companies, over time, in America and Europe
Theory and reality of transition to a market economy
The general theory of labor-managed market economies
"In this bold manifesto, bestselling author and economic commentator James Rickards steps forward to defend gold as both an irreplaceable store of wealth and a standard for currency"
