http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16537 food microbiology
food microbiology
Epidemiology and stress responses of Listeria monocytogenes
Microorganisms in foods. 2, Sampling for microbiological analysis: principles and specific applications
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
Microorganisms in foods. 1, Their significance and methods of enumeration
Food quality control : foods of animal origin
Probiotics in food : health and nutritional properties and guidelines for evaluation
Persistent Listeria monocytogenes plant contamination
Cryptosporidium as a Foodborne Pathogen
Low prevalence of Yersinia enterocolitica 4:O3 in sow tonsils
Probiotic dairy products
Microbiology of fruits and vegetables
Food microbiology : advances and prospects
Modern microbiological methods for dairy products : proceedings of a seminar organized by the Comité Nacional Lechero (Spanish National Committee of IDF) in association with International dairy federation (IDF), Association of Official Analytical Chemists (AOAC), Federation of European Microbiological Societies (FEMS), International Union of Microbiological Societies (IUMS), Menendes Pelayo International University, Palacio de la Magdalena, Santander (Spain), 22-24 May 1989.
Novel antimicrobial peptides from Propionibacterium jensenii and Propionibacterium thoenii : distribution, isolation, biochemical and genetic characterization
Microbiology in the pulsed electric field (PEF) processing : a literature review
Foodborne pathogens : an illustrated text
Microbiology : an introduction
Detection, quantification and characterization of food related microorganisms using molecular and physiological methods
Encyclopedia of food microbiology. Volume three
Practical food microbiology and technology
Hygiene management in food factories
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 2, The microbiology of milk products
Encyclopedia of food microbiology
Cheese starters : development and application of the Lewis system
Food microbiology and hygiene
Prevalence and genetic characterization of Listeria monocytogenes in retail broiler meat in Estonia
Proceedings [of] 50th International Congress of Meat Science and Technology, August 8-13 2004, Helsinki, Finland
Methods of analysis for the canning industry
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Food pathogens : a challenge for European policy on food safety, nutritive value and eating quality
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 3.
Fundamentals of cheese science
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Assessment and management of seafood safety and quality
Canned foods : an introduction to their microbiology
Pulsed-Field Gel Electrophoresis Typing of Listeria monocytogenes isolated in two fish farms
Prevalence and genetic diversity of Listeria monocytogenes in foods marketid in Vienna, Austria
Handbook of food engineering
Introducing food science
Modern food microbiology
An evaluation of the role of microbiological criteria for foods and food ingredients
The microbiology of poultry meat products
Foodborne diseases
Microbiological risk assessment series
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
Proceedings of the 4th International Symposium on the Epidemiology and Control of Salmonella and Other Food Borne Pathogens in Pork, Hotel Inter Continental Leipzig, Leipzig, Germany, September 2 to 5, 2001
Microbiological quality of foods : proceedings of a conference held at Franconia, New Hampshire, August 27-29, 1962
Investigations into the microbial factors affecting the keeping quality of butter
Inactivation of murine norovirus on food processing surfaces
Microbiology of frozen foods
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Microbial control in the meat industry
Developments in food microbiology. 3
Dairy microbiology. Vol. 1, The microbiology of milk
Food safety and quality assurance : foods of animal origin
"Illustrated laboratory manual that provides an overview of current standard microbiological culture methods for the examination of food and water, adhered to by renowned international organizations, such as ISO, AOAC, APHA, FDA and FSIS/USDA. The didactic setup and the visualization of procedures in step-by-step schemes allow student and practitioner to quickly perceive and execute the procedure intended. Each chapter provides numerous methods for a certain examination, and also simple alternatives. Intended as a practical companion for researchers, analysts, technicians and teachers, and for laboratory education of (under)graduate students in food engineering and related disciplines"--Provided by publisher.
Characterisation of Yersinia pseudotuberculosis isolates from tonsils and faeces of pigs
A colour atlas of meat inspection
Microbiological analysis of red meat, poultry and eggs
Applied dairy microbiology
Proceedings of an international symposium held in Glasgow, Sept. 1974
Essential microbiology and hygiene for food professionals
Food microbiology
CGMP's/food plant sanitation
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference : 'sustainable food systems : multi-actor co-operation to foster new competitiveness of Europe'
Microbiology handbook : dairy products
Novel methods for probiotic research / Cork, Ireland, 3 October, 1997 ; edited by Minna Alander, Tiina Kauppila & Tiina Mattila-Sandholm ; organized by VTT Biotechnology and Food Research, Finland ... [et al.]
4th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 12 June 1998, Berlin, Germany = 4. Weltkongress Lebensmittelinfektionen und -intoxikationen : proceedings. Volume 2
Intentional and unintentional contaminants in food and feed
Pathogenicity of sucrose-negative Yersinia strains found in pig tonsils
Micrococci in fermented meat products : classification and description of 171 different strains
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 2.
Microbiology : fundamentals and applications
Handbook of food preservation
Food poisoning and food hygiene
Current topics on bioprocesses in food industry. Volume 2
Advances in the microbiology and biochemistry of cheese and fermented milk
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Listeria : a practical approach to the organism and its control in foods
Development of microbial analysis : faster detection and business opportunities
World animal science. 100 3, Dairy-cattle production
Food biotechnology
Food safety sourcebook : basic consumer health information about the safe handling of meat ..
Foodborne microorganisms and their toxins : developing methodology
Genomics of foodborne bacterial pathogens
Risk assessment of Campylobacter spp. in broiler chickens and Vibrio spp. in seafood : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation, Bangkok, Thailand, 5-9 August 2002.
Microbial contaminants & contamination routes in food industry : 1st open seminar arranged by Safoodnet - Food Safety and Hygiene Networking within new member states and associated candidate countries; FP6-022808-2006 : Espoo, Finland, January 22-23, 2007
Principles and guidelines for incorporating microbiological risk assessment in the development of food safety standards, guidelines and related texts : report of a joint FAO/WHO consultation, Kiel, Germany, 18-22 March 2002
Integrated food safety and veterinary public health
Determining mycotoxins and mycotoxigenic fungi in food and feed
Survival of Campylobacter jejuni on various fresh produce
Principles of food sanitation
Essentials of food microbiology
Is it safe to eat? : enjoy eating and minimize food risks
The safety of canned foods : report of the Royal Society of Health Conference on the Safety of Canned Foods
Microbiology of food and cosmetics in Europe. [5], Containment of food-transmitted risks presented by emerging pathogens : proceedings of sixth international symposium, Ispra (VA), 15 April 1997
Applied mycology and biotechnology. Vol. 2, Agriculture and food production
Dictionary of food microbiology
Zoning in food processing : requirements and examples
Thornton's meat hygiene
Food animal pathology and meat hygiene
Mycotoxins and other fungal related food problems : a symposium sponsored by the Division of Agricultural and Food Chemistry at the 168th Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Atlantic City, N. J.,Sept. 11-13, 1974
Benefits and potential risks of the lactoperoxidase system of raw milk preservation : report of an FAO/WHO technical meeting, FAO headquarters, Rome, 28 November - 2 December 2005.
Multicriteria-based ranking for risk management of food-borne parasites : report of a Joint FAO/WHO Expert Meeting, 3-7 September 2012, FAO Headquarters, Rome, Italy
Molecular typing of Campylobacter coli strains isolated from diifferent sources
Microbial ecology of marinated meat products
5th World Congress Foodborne Infections and Intoxications, 7 - 11 June 2004 : proceedings. Volume 4.
Handbook of fermented meat and poultry
Food microbiology and food safety into the next millennium : proceedings of the seventeenth International Conference of the International Committee on Food Microbiology and Hygiene (ICFMH), Veldhoven, The Netherlands, 13-17 September 1999
Contamination routes and analysis in food processing environments
Rapid detection, characterization, and enumeration of foodborne pathogens
An introduction to industrial mycology : by George Smith
Microbial ecology of food commodities
Salmonella : a practical approach to the organism and its control in foods
The microbiology of foods
HACCP in meat, poultry and fish processing
Developments in food science
Assessing salmonella risk in imported pork and pork products as a part of the whole food chain evaluation
When food kills : BSE, E. coli, and disaster science
International journal of food microbiology : an official journal
Food safety and quality assurance : applications of immunoassay systems
"BIOS Instant Notes in Microbiology, fourth edition, is a concise microbiology textbook for undergraduates. All of the important areas of microbiology are covered in a format that is ideal for learning and rapid revision. Each topic begins with a summary of the essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on the core information, with clear simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and examinations"--Provided by publisher.
Water activity and food
Rotavirus in drinking water : molecular methods for measurement of infectivity
Microbiology handbook : meat products
Handbook of culture media for food microbiology
Effect of bacterial inoculations on characteristics and microbial flora of dry sausage
Microbiological aspects of food hygiene : report of a WHO Expert Committee with the participation of FAO
Transmission of Yersinia enterocolitica 4:O from pig tonsils to edible offal
March of the microbes : sighting the unseen
Giardia as a Foodborne Pathogen
The starters of the dairy : seminar held on September 4th 1987.
Microbiology of marine food products
Industrial microbiology : an introduction
Developments in food microbiology. 1
Listeria monocytogenes contamination routes in food processing industry
Microbiological examination methods of food and water : a laboratory manual
Lower gastrointestinal microbiota in health and irritable bowel syndrome : characterisation and effect of probiotic intervention
Proceedings of the ERIAFF conference "Sustainable Food Systems: Multi-actor Co-operation to Foster New Competitiveness of Europe"
Application of the hazard analysis critical control point (HACCP) system to ensure microbiological safety and quality
Food microbiology and laboratory practice
Food biodeterioration and preservation
Recommended methods for the microbiological examination of foods
Statistical aspects of the microbiological analysis of foods
The application of HACCP to the handling of meat and poultry in retail food stores, foodservice establishments, and households
Metabolic engineering of lactic acid bacteria and characterization of novel enzymes for the production of industrially important compounds
Microbial ecology of foods. Vol. 2, Food commodities
The prevalence of thermophilic Campylobacter spp. in raw foodstuffs of Estonian origin sold at retail level of Tartu town
Factors influencing phytate degradation in piglets : feed phytate behaviour and degradation by microbial phytases
Microbiology handbook : fish and seafood
Water properties in food, health, pharmaceutical and biological systems : isopow 10
Standard methods for the examination of dairy products : microbiological and chemical
Inactivation, cell injury and growth of microorganisms exposed to pulsed electric fields using a continuous process
Campylobacteriosis, the most common bacterial food-borne disease worldwide, is mainly caused by Campylobacter jejuni and C. coli. Most studies have focused on the genetic diversity of C. jejuni, but little is known about C. coli. The aim of this work was to characterize C. coli from different sources, by evaluating the distribution and/or diversity of certain genetic markers. A total of 145 C. coli isolates from different sources (2 goose,18 poultry, 35 human and 90 swine) were screened for fucP, ggt, cytC, sialyltransferases genes and CRISPRs. Additionally, the diversity of the LOS loci and of the CRISPRs, were assessed. A frequency of 90.34% was observed for fucP and CRISPRs among C. coli. Conversely, the frequency of GGT phenotype, and cytC, and cst-I genotype was 1.38%, while cst-V genotype was 0.69%. Only one isolate was positive for all markers except fucP; no source association was observed. LOS and CRISPRs exhibited a wide diversity. In conclusion, ggt, fucP, and cytC seem to be lineage related in C. coli, and not host associated. CRISPRs were too discriminatory to be of use in epidemiological investigations. Results suggest a high diversity of the LOS, and there may exist more classes than those previously described.
Encyclopedia of food microbiology. Volume one
Enzymes of psychrotrophs in raw food
Applied mycology and biotechnology. Vol. 1, Agriculture and food production
A modern introduction to food microbiology
Detecting pathogens in food
Ready-to-eat foods : microbial concerns and control measures
Food safety & quality assurance : foods of animal origin
Guide to foodborne pathogens
Make it safe : a guide to food safety
Elimination of pathogenic organisms from meat and poultry : proceedings of the international symposium: Prevention of Contamination, and Decontamination in the Meat Industry, Zeist, The Netherlands, 2-4 June 1986
Food hygiene : basic texts
Emerging foodborne pathogens
Microbiology laboratory guidebook
Efficacy of disinfectants to reduce Listeria monocytogenes on precut iceberg lettuce
