http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1650 early childhood education and care
early childhood education and care
Families, education and social differences
Early childhood education : new challenges, new teachers : 8th European Conference on Quality of Early Childhood Education, Santiago de Compostela (Spain) 2-5 September 1998 : abstracts
Planning for the early years : storytelling and storymaking : how to plan learning opportunities that engage and interest children
Excellence in early childhood education
Childminder's guide to child development
Music 3-5
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
Strategies for teaching young children
Multicultural Education through Expressive Methods in Early Childhood Education
Circle time in pre-school
Abstract.
Vygotsky in action in the early years : the 'Key to learning' curriculum
I can do it : play-and-learn activities to help your child discover the world the Montessori say
Essential early years
Play and meaning in early childhood education
International research in early childhood education
Early childhood education : problems and methods
Teachers' perception of children's agency in early childhood education
Early childhood education and care partnership in Finland
How to prepare your child to primary school
Looking for quality in early childhood education
Work Engagement of Kindergarten Teachers
Young children
Music for early learning : songs and musical activities to support children̕ s development
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
A two-year-old goes to nursery school : a case study of separation reactions
Introduction to early childhood education
Ten Commandments in a Child's Everyday Life : A tool for an Educator to Support a Child's Moral Development
Primary media education : a curriculum statement
Early childhood education and care in Finland
Entrepreneurship for everyone? Neoliberal governance, educability and social differences in the school's entrepreneurship education.
Teaching the child under six
Presenting QUEST : Quality in Early Chilhood Education : a joint European teaching module
Early childhood education
Early education : the quality debate
Boys and schooling in the early years
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Understanding young children's behaviour : a guide for early childhood professionals
The whole child : early education for the eighties
Early childhood teacher or leader? : early childhood directors' perceptions of their identity
Healthy, active and outside! : running an outdoor programme in the early years
Education through experience in the infant school years
Special educational needs in the early years
Teaching practice : a guide for early childhood students
Early education : current theory, research, and action
Critical viewpoint to early childhood education teachers' well-being at work
Early child development and care. Volume 92, Taking notice : observation in early childhood education : special issues
Understanding cultural diversity in the early years
Love, laughter and parenting in the precious years from birth to six
Leading in early childhood
Love-based leadership in early childhood education
Early childhood education : a developmental curriculum
A curriculum for the pre-school child : learning to learn
An activities handbook for teachers of young children
Ten commandments in a child's everyday life: a tool for an educator to support a child's moral development
Pedagogical small group approach in a day care center
Early childhood education : postcolonial perspectives from India
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
The young child and the educative process
Creative movement for the developing child : a nursery school handbook for non-musicians
Boost your child's creativity
International leadership project : day care centre directors' work and training in Finland, Russia and Australia
Handbook of early childhood teacher education
Supernanny : how to get the best from your children
Early childhood today
Advances in early education and day care. Vol. 10, Foundations, adult dynamics, teacher education and play
The adult role in Finnish early childhood education and care
Prerequisites and outcomes of early childhood education popularity in Russia, on the example of St. Petersburg
Abstract: The main motivating reason behind the topic area of this thesis is the growing number of immigrants and immigrant children in Finland. Multiculturalism is a current phenomenon in todayʼs society and it brings new challenges to early childhood education and care (ECEC). The objective of this thesis was to develop a practical implementation to the worklife partner, aiming at bringing multicultural education as a theme closer to the everyday reality by using expressive methods. The project was conducted in close co-operation with the Helsinki English Language Montessori Preschool. In this report we defined theories considering early childhood education and multicultural education as concepts. Expressive methods being the main methods applied, we introduced some relevant theories in support as part of the theoretical framework. When working with children expressive methods are a low threshold way of bringing the above mentioned themes closer to childrenʼs experience of the world.  The functional part of the implementation was a weeklong project for five-year-old children. Our goal was to raise the childrenʼs world awareness through expressive methods. We were hoping for active participation that would lead to increased self-understanding. Our work-life partner introduced the need for grouping, which then became one of the objectives.  Multicultural education is a current topic, in particular in the field of ECEC and increasing knowledge and skills about multiculturalism among the educators is extremely vital. Our aim was to bring forward the theme of multiculturalism both with the children and with the professionals working with them. During each session of the project multiculturalism was presented to the children in different ways. We hope that our work life partner will be able to use the report as an inspirational tool in the future.  The well planned sessions turned out to be successful, although raising childrenʼs world awareness, self-understanding and grouping are especially large concepts and quite difficult to measure. We were able to create a positive and an inspiring environment for the children that can enhance learning. Some concerns that emerged during the process were the lack of literature on multicultural education and instructions regarding preschoolʼs everyday challenges. We hope that in the future our project will awaken interest, foster further discussion and research about this current fascinating topic.
Abstract: The purpose of this study was to find out the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers and the elements of these factors. Work engagement is one part of work well-being. This final thesis was a qualitative study. The method for collecting data was theme interview, which is a qualitative study method. For this study I interviewed five kindergarten teachers. The data were analyzed by thematic analysis. As a theoretical framework I used work engagement, which is divided into three dimensions: vigor, dedication and absorption. Besides these three dimensions, I studied the factors of work engagement of kindergarten teachers from the perspective of job resources, job demands and personal resources. The results of the study contained information of the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers that I was able to categorize into five different stages of work engagement: the core of the work, the organizing of work, the communication and management stage, the organizational stage and the personal stage. All of the three dimensions of work engagement clearly emerged from the data. The results of this study lead to a conclusion that the factors and elements of work engagement of kindergarten teachers are versatile. The results of this study might possibly be of help in strengthening the work engagement factors of kindergarten teachers as well as in recognizing the factors that can negatively influence the experience of work engagement of kindergarten teachers. People who are responsible for developing the field of early childhood education might benefit from the results of this study.
Pre-K today : the magazine for early childhood professionals
Role of Educators: Creating Emotional Safety at Day Centers
The success story of Finnish early childhood education
Leading by example: an examination of Early Education Foundation degree students completing research dissertations
Early childhood educational and care institutions as learning organizations
Leadership for developing consensus of perspectives on children's learning in early childhood centers
Work engagement of kindergarten teachers
Music in preschool
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Early childhood research & practice
Primary understanding : education in early childhood
Changing faces : the early childhood profession in Australia
Working with young children : guidelines for good practice
Childhood education
Investigating Teacher Leadership in ECE Centres in Finland
Forty years of Finnish pre-school education : the development of curricula between 1972 and 2000
Developing nursery education : from conflicts towards cooperation
Early childhood special education : birth to three
Leadership in early childhood education : cross-cultural perspectives
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done in co-operation with the Lutheran Evangelical Association of Finland (LEAF). The aim of the thesis was to provide a tool for Sunday school teachers and other educators to support a childʼs moral development. The moral view in the Ten Commandments in a Childʼs Everyday Life curriculum is based on the Bible and Lutheran doctrine about the Ten Commandments. As the main method the curriculum presents ten imaginative stories from the everyday lives of children, giving examples of how the Commandments could be encountered in a childʼs life. In addition, the curriculum provides paper puppets with background scenes and symbol cards to go along with the stories, as well as suggestions for the teachers for songs and crafts.   The theoretical framework of this thesis is the moral development of children. The different parts of the curriculum have been planned to teach the Ten Commandments through methods that are suitable for children under seven years old. The aim of keeping the full Lutheran Catechismal form of the Commandments set a real challenge for the curriculum targeting children of a wide age range. Therefore, the curriculum was developed even further during the process of the thesis to better meet the developmental needs of different age groups.   The product was tested in two testing rounds in several different groups: in the first round in a LEAFʼs family camp and in one Sunday school group, in the second round in two LEAFʼs Sunday school groups. Based on the feedback received from the second round of testing, the material was found to be supportive for the moral development of children. However, the whole extent of the curriculum was not tested in the second round. Therefore, the feedback cannot be fully applied to the material.   The tool also received developmental ideas that were not implemented as a part of this thesis process. However, these ideas can be used as the starting point for further development in the future. The feedback gave ideas for how the curriculum could be developed to make it even more suitable for the youngest children in the group. Ideas were also given to make the material more organized and manageable for such a short lesson time.
Studies in the learning sciences. 2, Class and pedagogies : visible and invisible
Mobile learning and the playing child
The secret of play : how to raise bright, healthy, caring children from birth to age 12
Education under six
Designing an educational role-playing game for five to six year-olds
Extending understandings of early childhood education leadership: guest editorial
Children in the integrating world, July 31 - August 2, 1990 Lahti, Finland
Distributing leadership in a day care setting
Peer relationships in early childhood education and care
Teaching infants
Environmental education at the early childhood level
Children with special needs : teacher interventions in ordinary groups and in special groups in Finnish day -care centres
Exploring science with young children : a developmental perspective
Journal of early childhood research
The early years in childhood education
"This book addresses major issues regarding technology for young children, providing a holistic portrait of technology and early childhood education from the views of practitioners in early childhood education, instructional design technology, special education, and mathematics and science education"--Provided by publisher.
Insights and outlouds : childhood research in the North
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Journal of Early Childhood Education Research
Care as everyday staff leadership
Childrenz issues : journal of the Children's Issues Centre
Pre-school in Sweden : facts, trends and future
The young child and music : contemporary principles in child development and music education
Exploration of Chinese and Finnish kindergarten teachers' perceptions of their professional competence in early childhood education
Important themes in research on and education of young children in day care centres: Finnish viewpoints
Child development and the use of technology : perspectives, applications and experiences
Ethical conflicts in early childhood education
Abstract: The purpose of this final thesis was to implement a case study in order to find out parentsʼ opinions about the amount, quality and significance of play and physical activity of their children aged three and four. This topic rises up from the resent public discussion and studies of the situation of the health of children in Finland.  This final thesis was conducted by using a survey method. Data was collected by sending out the questionnaires to the parents of certain children group in Salmisaari Sport Kindergarten. The sample was selected to be parents of 20 children.  The results showed parentsʼ positive attitudes towards play and physical activity. They understand the value of physical activities and play. Almost all agreed on the different aspects of quality and what it means but in the amount and ideal amounts of play and sports there are big differences.  The results of this thesis indicate that the situation does not seem to be as bad as public discussion gives grounds to understand. Most children are playing and having physical exercise enough according to their parents. Parents think that the play and physical activity is significant part of the development of the child and diverse activities are the most effective. In these cases the physical activity and play were described to be for example social and advanced.
Educational encounters : Nordic studies in early childhood didactics
Research on a joint leadership model for early childhood education in Finland
The school of infancy
European early childhood education research journal
Master players : learning from children at play
Pre-school education in Finland
Love-based practice in education
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
The nursery school : a human relationships laboratory
Interrelation between close teacher-student relationships and engagement : the case of Finnish preschools
Educating young children : infancy to grade three
Educational reform and child raising in Finland
Helping young children learn
Fundamentals of early childhood education
Experts or good educators - or both? : the development of early childhood educators' expertise in Finland
Developing your child's creativity
"Documentation in early childhood education is typically seen as a means to enhance the quality of care and education, and as a way to take account of the child's view. Assessment and Documentation in Early Childhood Education considers the increasing trend towards systematic child documentation especially in early childhood institutions. The authors present ways in which assessment and evaluation is done sometimes explicitly but more often implicitly in these practices, and explore its means, aims, forms, and functions. They also examine the rationalities of child documentation from the perspective of professional practice and professionalism and suggest that documentation and assessment practices can weaken and constrain but also empower and strengthen teachers, children and parents. Topics explored include: Different forms of documentation and assessment Documentation and listening to the children Dilemmas of assessment and documentation Participation by children Involvement of parents. This timely book will be appealing for those studying in the field of early childhood education, teacher education, special education, general education, social work, counselling, psychology, sociology, childhood studies, and family studies"--
Encyclopedia of early childhood education
The little book of music and movement
Investigating teacher leadership in ECE centres in Finland
Educators' views on parents' participation on three different identified levels
The selfish society : how we all forgot to love one another and made money instead
Being and becoming early childhood leaders: reflections on leadership studies in early childhood education and the future leadership research agenda
The sociology of early childhood education
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Texas evaluation study of prekindergarten programs : preliminary findings
Major trends and issues in early childhood education : challenges, controversies, and insights
The whole child : new trends in early education
Baby & child : questions & answers
Pioneers of early childhood education : a bio-bibliographical guide
Playful teaching and learning
The development of the concept of music education in Estonian kindergartens, 1905-2008 : a historical-critical overview
Australian journal of early childhood
Contemporary influences in early childhood education
Uncovering a relational epistemology of ethical dilemmas in early childhood education
Thinking games for preschoolers
Early childhood teacher preparation
In search of affordances and visual quality : interpreting environments of children aged under three in seven Finnish day-care centres
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Early childhood education : an international perspective
Early childhood education journal
Physical knowledge in preschool education : implications of Piaget's theory
Work demands and resources, stress regulation and quality of pedagogical work among professionals in Finnish early childhood education setting
Advancing leadership capacity: preparation of early childhood leaders in Australia through a coursework masters degree
Children's care, learning & development
Bulletin board ideas for the elementary music classroom
Discovering nature with young children
Quality in child care : what does research till us?
The Routledge International Handbook of Philosophies and Theories of Early Childhood Education and Care
Assessment and documentation in early childhood education
Developing evaluation strategies and training for early childhood education in the Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland
Sandbox society : early education in black and white America
The Nature Tour Mobile Learning Application. Implementing the Mobile Application in Finnish Early Childhood Education Settings
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Day care and early education
Improving teaching and learning in the humanities
Reflecting caring and power in early childhood education : recalling memories of educational practices
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Cross-cultural studies in  early childhood education and Finland
Starting Day Care in Espoo from the Viewpoint of Chinese Parents
Aspects of early childhood education : theory to research to practice
Childhood in a changing society : power, autonomy, early years education : 7th European Conference on the Quality of Early Childhood Education, 3-6 September 1997, Munich, Germany : abstracts : keynote lectures, symposia, posters
Investigating RightStart Mathematics Kindergarten instruction in Finland
Pre-school learning in the community : strategies for change
Music with the under-fours
How to say no to your toddler : creating a safe, rational, and effective discipline program for your 9-month-old to 3-year-old
Instructional Strategies, Discipline and Children’s Participation in Educational Institutions for Children under Three-Years-Old : Cases from Brazil and Finland
Early childhood education : the seventy-first yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education. 2
Nature and young children : encouraging creative play in natural environments
The SAGE handbook of play and learning in early childhood
Researching early childhood education : European perspectives
Doing action research in early childhood studies : a step by step guide
Baby milestones : what to expect and how to stimulate your child's development from 0-3 years
Physical activity of children aged 3 to 4: parents' viewpoint
Leadership in early childhood education - theoretical and empirical approaches
The development of aesthetic response in early education
