http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16501 project learning
project learning
Power of growth in the Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem : Learning and Competence Creating Ecosystem - LCCE®
Cultivating learning within projects
The organisations of higher education are constantly changing. Universities,  colleges, private schools and online universities refine their pedagogical  methods and learning models in a competitive market. This article is a study  on whether one such model helps students to gain new knowledge. A study  of the LAB studio model (LSM), which is a pedagogical model developing  connections between working-life based problems and the recognition and  development of business-related prototypes and start-up companies, is presented.  The LSM, theoretically grounded in a constructivist view of learning  with a project-based education at its core, has the key goal of educating  entrepreneurial competences in higher education. Based on the case study,  comprising a literature review of knowledge creation and a survey, the qualitative  results analysis suggests that LSM offers a promising support for knowledge  creation. The results lead to the conclusion that LSM provides support  especially for the various modes of the SECI model, such as socialisation  and internalisation, and seems to support organisational knowledge creation  aspects as well.
On an example of a post-formal education : on social sustainability VOLUME I, II and III
The action learning handbook : powerful techniques for education, professional development and training
Knowledge management, information technology and learning in construction projects
Projects as arenas for renewal and learning processes
Project management ontology : the organizational learning perspective
Productisation : Case Kasve Ltd.
Harvard business review on managing projects
Purposeful engagement in science learning : the project-based approach
The Artifact Project : promoting design learning in the elementary classroom
The thesis was commissioned by HAMK University of Applied Sciences, Degree Programme of Information Technology, Forssa. The thesis  describes the experiences and findings of HAMK teams participating in the Artemis Contests in seasons 2007 in Berlin, 2008 in Athens and 2009 in Nice. Also some suggestions for the contest arranger, participants and supporting organizations as well as for national and international university level cooperation in relation to organizing contestant teams and similar projects are provided.  A survey was conducted to collect experiences of the teams and team mem-bers by issuing a questionnaire and by interviewing team members. Also the project execution was reflected against Project Based Learning, PBL, as reported by HAMK's INSKE study, a report of a study on developing Bachelor Degree education. The main results are related to managing technology contest projects. The question of how to run an international project aimed at participating in a technology contest, has several aspects to be taken into account such as technological research and international relations. Any organization with very little prior experience in project work needs a tight discipline in reporting and documenting of individual work. The thesis includes suggestions for future contests such as Artemis Orchestra Contest and further use of the equipment built on the contestant projects as part of partner universities' international marketing
Change the world with service learning : how to organize, lead, and assess service-learning projects
Theorizing a one-semester real customer student software project course
Service-learning in design and planning : educating at the boundaries
Project-based learning across the disciplines : plan, manage, and assess through +1 pedagogy
Learning enablers, learning outcomes, learning paths, and their relationships in organizational learning and change
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Interships and project studies as workbased learning environments in professional higher education : international benchmarking
"Best-selling author Will Richardson's Learning on the Blog is a compilation of posts by the author on his acclaimed education blog weblogg-ed.com. Each blog specifically relates to trends and goals of the kinds of educational reform that can be accomplished through new technologies. The author reflects on the developments in how technology is used in the classroom, highlighting what we've accomplished and how far we have to go. Each selection includes actions steps for educators on how to address critical issues and provides tips and strategies to effectively integrate technology in the classroom"-- Provided by publisher.
Computer supported collaborative learning 2005: the next 10 years! : proceedings from the International Conference on Computer Supported Collaborative Learning 2005, Tapei, May30-June 4, 2005
Design Thinking in Teaching : Product Concept Creation in the DevLAB Program
This paper summarizes a case study within which the concept of design thinking (Brown 2009) has been used to  construct a practical user-centered process to support rapid product concept creation in an entrepreneurship education  program. This process has been established within the DevLAB program at the Oulu University of Applied Sciences in Finland  which acts as a permanent pre-incubator program for university level students and professionals accessing re-training.  Design thinking was chosen as the basis of the program to support interdisciplinary teams that need to work together  effectively. Design thinking is useful in this scenario since it is a suitable methodology for projects in any field. It is especially  well suited to ill-defined problems. This paper will summarize the context, curriculum and preliminary outcomes associated  with this design thinking process. It will also outline how design thinking has become an integral aspect of the development  phases that interdisciplinary teams of students go through to build prototypes and create start-ups as part of their studies.  While this program is still relatively new, preliminary feedback from participants suggests that the design thinking is an  effective model for supporting the development of project work within entrepreneurship education at the higher education  level. Ultimately, this case aims to educate people who can apply the tools of design thinking into their careers.
Project based learning handbook : a guide to standards-focused project based learning for middle and high school teachers
Novel approach to organize higher education in regional units
How to do a research project : a guide for undergraduate students
Enrichment service process as a learning model
Finnish summary.
Purposeful Engagement in Science Learning provides a blueprint of how teachers and their students can engage in science learning that mirrors the way science is practiced. It is written for K-16 science educators as well as those in the informal science education sector. The framework for this book is based on the project cycle, which is consistent with the process of scientific inquiry. Chapter One reviews the historical, philosophical and psychological foundations of project-based scientific inquiry (PBSI) and the evolution of this approach in the U.S. Chapter Two examines and synthesizes the research on PBSI. Chapter Three explores how to plan PBSI and offers practical strategies for veteran and novice science educators alike. Chapter Four presents different strategies for implementing PBSI with particular emphasis on factors to consider, including the roles and responsibilities of teachers and students. Chapter Five provides selected case histories of successful PBSI. Chapter Six deals with the different methods of evaluating and assessing students' learning in PBSI environments and provides examples of performance-based assessments suitable for evaluating students' learning. Chapter Seven examines the relationship between PBSI, after-school programs and community involvement. Finally, Chapter Eight identifies and describes relevant resources that could be used to support and enhance PBSI. This book is organized in a way that allows science educators to address the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS), while at the same time, helping students learn science in ways that are relevant to their lives.
Oamk LABs practices for bridging work life 21th century skills and higher education
Project-based learning and polytechnic-SME collaboration in internationalization : the case of Helsinki Business Polytechnic
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Summary: Wholehearted and purposefully.
Management of educational service development projects as a portfolio : application of service logic and network management to comprehensive schools
Project managing e-learning : a handbook for successful design, delivery and management
Think again : a philosophical approach to teaching
Learning in cultural projects : case study of the outcomes of EU culture programme projects
Project-based learning : differentiating instruction for the 21st century
Developing teams through project-based learning
Organizing work-related learning projects : a network approach
Reinventing project-based learning : your field guide to real-world projects in the digital age
Towards a learning and competence creating ecosystem LCCE®
International business meets student potential : Best practices from the ETENE! -project
Project research in information systems : a student's guide
Management of change : Implementation of problem-based and project-based learning in engineering
An excursion to project hatcheries : students' experiences in multidisciplinary learning projects
Moral conflicts perceived by clients, students, and instructors of a student project course in computing
Teaching outside the box : how to grab your students by their brains
Thinking through project-based learning : guiding deeper inquiry
Edutopia : success stories for learning in the digital age
Authentic learning experiences : a real-world approach to project-based learning
Abstract: Projects make professionals - how to write a paper and the outcome.
Adult education - liberty, fraternity, equality? : Nordic views on lifelong learning
Drama at the heart of the secondary school : projects to promote authentic learning
Moral conflicts in a project course in information systems education
The art of second thought : communication and cooperation framework for European research project and FLE research and design team
Practical skills, education and development : Vocational education and training in Finland
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge  Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Learning by developing
Learning within projects : a qualitative study of how learning contributes to knowledge management in inter-organizational construction projects
Project management ontology - the organizational learning perspective
Young investigators : the project approach in the early years
Service design thinking in higher education : applying methods of service design and principles of non-formal education to raise the level of competitiveness of Russian university
Design school confidential : extraordinary class projects from international design schools
Project-based learning has emerged as one of today's most effective instructional practices. In PBL, students confront real-world issues and problems, collaborate to create solutions, and present their results. This exciting new book describes how PBL fosters 21st century skills and innovative thinking.
E-Beverage Management (e-BM), a large scale educational course designed by Haaga Bachelor students deals with intricate segments of the hospitality and beverage industry while delivering management information to the learner.  A sequence of cognitive theories and practices will be acknowledged, comprehended and applied with the intention that the learner may not only become a valued employee but leader in his/her professional environment.  Within the hospitality industry, training plays a significant role in how the worker completes his/her tasks.  For this reason e-BM plays particular attention to focusing on and developing these skills giving the learner a well rounded education that allows them to step into a high level position almost immediately.  Due to the customization, accessibility and personalization features, e-learning has become one of the fastest growing mediums of education and has allowed for the inspiration of the e-BM course and its packaging into the Edulink system.  The various learning theories, practices and the entry of electronic learning and its growing acceptance around the world has enabled us to make a course worthy of acceptance and accreditation in the educational arena.  Through our research we have found no other system of learning that encompasses the amount of industry-wide information, technological facets and theories that has been accumulated and dispersed through the e-BM course.
Creating and assessing performance-based curriculum projects : a teacher's guide to project-based learning and performance assessment
Teaching through projects
The interactive project workout : reap rewards from all your business projects
Learning by doing or just doing
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Computer science project work : principles and pragmatics
Project-based learning : an integrated science, technology, engineering and mathematics  (STEM) approach
Learning on the blog : collected posts for educators and parents
Education and quality of life of senior citizens
Studying the Aspects of Knowledge Creation in the LAB Studio Model
Place- and community-based education in schools
Patterns of teaching : a source book for teachers in further education
Summary: Wholehearted and purposefully : sketching conceptual framework of project work.
Insights from consolidation of R&D and teaching in ICT engineering education
A companion to interdisciplinary STEM project-based learning : for teachers by teachers
Storyline : past, present & future
Teaching Outside the Box: How to Grab Your Students by Their Brain, Third Edition integrates practical strategies and engaging advice for new and experienced teachers. Whether you are preparing for your first year of teaching or have been working in the classroom for decades, this conversational book provides you with answers to the essential questions that you face as an educator—how to engage students, encourage self-directed learning, differentiate instruction, and create dynamic lessons that nurture critical thinking and strategic problem solving. This updated edition includes expanded material that touches on Project-Based Learning, brain-based teaching, creating smooth transitions, integrating Common Core into the classroom, and other key subject areas. Questions for reflection at the end of each chapter help you leverage this resource in book groups, professional development courses, and in both undergraduate and graduate classes.
Problem-based learning and other curriculum models for the multiple intelligences classroom
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
A project as part of studies : case Artemis Orchestra
Project-based learning with young children
Innovative professional competences from multidisciplinary learning projects : handbook for project hatchery tutors
E-learning in hospitality : e-beverage management course
Towards innovation pedagogy : a new approach to teaching and learning for universities of applied sciences
Windows on learning : documenting young children's work
Exploring project-based learning in higher education : the interplay between teacher regulation and student self-regulation of learning
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
