http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1655 efficacy
efficacy
School effectiveness : coming of age in the twenty-first century
The Britannica guide to the 100 most influential Americans
Civilisation cannot be imported : researcher commentary on the impact of cultural and social research
Building evidence for cost-effectiveness of self-management interventions in chronic care : acknowledging context and mechanisms
Tourism destination as any other product needs to be marketed and promoted in order to attract more customers. Tourist brochures and travel guides are one if the popular promoting and informative tools. They are saturated with pictures which aim to influence the readers' minds; however, the role of the text seems to be overviewed. Words also have persuading power and they also may have impact on the purchase decision buy transmitting not only factual information, but also by evoking emotions which will obscure the mind.    “How to design a text so that it could irradiate desirable emotions?” - it is the principal question of the present research. This problem is resolved by developing a structure of key vocabulary which carries an emotional charge and should implicitly touch the necessary strings of the reader's subconscious.     The framework is applied to the case of Finland which is promoted as a tourism destination via a tourist brochure in order to verify if the developed approach can be used for revealing hidden emotions and also discover what emotions are thought to awake interest towards Finland and its attractions. Content analysis as a qualitative research instrument was used to collect and systemize the data from the travel brochure.     Findings and analysis show that the defined means of emotional expression are used in promotional text and can be applies to reveal the emotional image of described tourism attractions.  In practice it gives possibility to assess the emotional content separately from the text and discuss if the result is what the marketers wanted the customers to feel or not and take steps for redesigning the textual content if required.
What is a world? : on postcolonial literature as world literature
Effectiveness of the export project "Messuilta menestykseen"
Own the room : discover your signature voice to master your leadership presence
"The book concerns a fundamental question in the study of the relationship between law and society: under what conditions does a law, rule, decision, or doctrine actually make a difference in the behavior of those who are subject to this aspect of the legal system. There is a large body of scholarship which, in one sense or another, deals with this issue. The two main sources of scholarship on impact are, first, studies in criminal justice; and second, studies of business regulation. The goal of the book is bring some conceptual clarity to an awkward, unwieldy, and unruly subject. In any discussion of impact, one has to begin with the issue of communication; a rule or law that never reaches its audience, or which is vague, or difficult to understand, will have no impact. The book discusses some of the factors that influence the process of communication. But once a rule is communicated, what happens then? Sometimes the subjects comply; sometimes they fail to comply; sometimes they adjust or evade. There are three clusters of motives that affect the reaction of subject: first, deterrence (rewards and punishments); second, peer group influence; and third, issues of conscience, legitimacy, and morality. When all of these move in the same direction, the effect is quite powerful; if they conflict, it is impossible to predict which will prevail"--
Agricultural research policy : international quantitative perspectives
Co-creating health : examining the effects of co-creation in a lifestyle intervention service targeting physical activity
A strategic framework for business impact analysis and its usage in new product development
Accountable marketing: linking marketing actions to financial performance
Learning & teaching with technology : principles and practices
Social media marketing in tourism and hospitality
Clinical effectiveness in practice
Measuring the effectiveness of public procurement
Sponsors' brand recall in sport's area
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Environmental and socio-cultural effects of tourism in Ruka : a content analysis
Integrating archaeology : science - wish - reality : international conference on the social role, possibilities and perspectives of classical studies : papers held in Frankfurt a. M. on 12 - 14 June 2012
An evaluation of the impact of integrated pest management research at international agricultural research centres
The triumph of music : composers, musicians and their audiences, 1700 to the present
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Confidence in a minute : 10 steps to getting what you want fast
Outcomes of collaborative medication reviews among elderly outpatients
Plerixafor in autologous stem cell transplantation
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric out-patients
"John Ruskin (1819-1900), one of the leading literary, aesthetic and intellectual figures of the middle and late Victorian period, and a significant influence on writers from Tolstoy to Proust, has established his claim as a major writer of English prose. This collection of essays brings together leading experts from a wide range of disciplines and contexts to analyse his ideas in the context of his life and work. Topics include Ruskin's Europe, architecture, technology, autobiography, art, gender and his rich influence even in the contemporary world. This is the first multi-authored expert collection to assess the totality of Ruskin's achievement and to open up the deep coherence of a troubled but dazzling mind. A chronology and guide to further reading contribute to the usefulness of the volume for students and scholars"--
Thinking with water
Views on the effectiveness of leadership training : case: JET-training at Glaston Corporation
Development as process : concepts and methods for working with complexity
School effectiveness and school improvement : alternative perspectives
Public-private consumption tradeoffs and the effectiveness of tax-financed fiscal policy
Evaluating the impact of Tekes-funded projects : differences between service- and industrial sectors
The university as urban developer : case studies and analysis
New measures for the new library : a social audit of public libraries
Abstract: Key Performance Indicators for Field Service. The purpose of this study was to design metrics to measure the effectiveness of field service in the ABB Finland's Drives Service division.     The need for this graduate study arises from lack of utilization of field service reports that are stored in ABB's drives database called Drives Installed Base (DIB). The data stored in the Drives Installed Base can be used to devise metrics called Key Performance Indicators to track and improve field service maintenance efficiency. The principal stakeholder for this study is the ABB Finland Drives Service.     In order to come up with a functioning system a continuous process to improve maintenance quality was devised along with the KPIs needed for its implementation.     The scope of this study is limited to the proposal of the KPIs and therefore does not include in any way what platform or software is used in their implementation.     The proposed KPIs provide a targeted approach into analysing maintenance performance in a way that is specific and quantifiable. This provides the basis for future development.
Impact analysis : how research can enter application and make a difference
Personality functioning and psychotherapy outcome
Outcomes measures in plastic surgery
Museums of influence / Kenneth Hudson
Writing in the wake of the political and social uprisings known as the "Arab Spring" and the restrictive European immigration policies that followed, Hakim Abderrezak contests the common notion that emigrants from former European colonies migrate predominantly to the land of the ex-colonizer. Focusing particularly on clandestine migration practices, he shows that despite a linguistic affinity, a tradition of labor, and additional historical ties with the colonizer, migrants from the Maghreb (Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia) are no longer trekking to France, but instead are drifting toward other destinations like Spain, Italy, Great Britain, Germany, the Netherlands, and the Middle East. Abderrezak locates this migratory shift away from France in literary, cinematic, and musical representations of the emigrant's journey. Contrary to mass media coverage and mainstream political discourse, these cultural productions reveal new patterns of human movement and an alternative mapping of the Mediterranean.
Measuring the impact of the nonprofit sector
The art of relevance
A report on the clinical effectiveness of physiotherapy in mental health : evidence-based briefing paper
Participants' outcome expectations and changes in well-being and ill-being in mindfulness based intervention for burnout
Interventions, effects, and outcomes in occupational therapy : adults and older adults
Managing art projects with societal impact : in a nutshell
Laatupainotetut elinvuodet terveydenhuollon vaikuttavuuden arvioinnissa : järjestelmällinen kirjallisuuskatsaus = Use of quality-adjusted life years for the estimation of effectiveness of health care : a systematic literature review
Branching out, digging in : environmental advocacy and agenda setting
Intracellular metabolism of bisphosphonates : impact on the molecular mechanism of action and side-effects
Game-theoretic models of the political influence of interest groups
The Cambridge companion to John Ruskin
Predictors of immediate outcome after coronary artery bypass surgery
Economic impact of museums
Cost-effectiveness analysis : new approaches in decision-making
The impact of social awareness on leadership effectiveness
Information and documentation : methods and procedures for assessing the impact of libraries = Information et documentation : méthodes et procédures pour évaluer l'impact des bibliothèques
There are several different ways of advertising. Advertising can be divided in at least 3 major categories - yet each one of these three categories can be divided to their own sub-categories. The most effective form of advertising is considered to be outdoor advertising because of its visibility. It is extremely hard to avoid outdoor advertising because it can be located anywhere and therefore it gives an opportunity to reach more consumers than by any other form of advertising. It has been criticized though that billboards decrease, for example, traffic safety. The aim of this thesis was to find out attitudes towards outdoor advertising and especially billboards among the people living in St. Petersburg. The aim was also to figure out whether billboards affect on their buying behavior in the mobile phone markets and which mobile phone brand is considered to be the most visible billboard advertiser. In order to get valid research results, it was important that the research was made in St. Petersburg as quantitative study with the help of a questionnaire. Results show that the attitudes towards outdoor advertising in fact are not negative. Billboards are considered to be a good form of advertising, yet they are not affecting on buying behaviour in the mobile phone market. It is also believed that billboards are not decreasing traffic safety, but they might devaluate integrity of, for example, sacred destinations such as churches.
Just on time : main findings of an assessment of the effects of the Finnish Workplace Development Programme projects
Hospital mortality of intensive care patients in Finland : insights into prognostic factors and measuring outcomes
Behavioral and economic aspects of caries control
American environmental policy : the failures of compliance, abatement and mitigation
Key Performance Indicators for Field Service
The range of pragmatism and the limits of philosophy
Cost-effectiveness of insulin glargine compared to other long-acting basal insulins in the treatment of Finnish type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients based on individual studies
Impact survey : 2Ways Communicating Life Science Research
Managing art projects with societal impact : study book for students, stakeholders and researchers
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Why digitise? : Who benefits? : Impact assessment of digital cultural heritage content and services : Helsinki 12th October 2006.
Second-order change in psychotherapy : the golden thread that unifies effective treatments
The history and theory of rhetoric : an introduction
Long-term results and treatment injuries in pediatric tibial and femoral fractures
Missing microbes : how killing bacteria creates modern plagues
Evaluating the longer-term of employment strategy : promotion of expertise, tools and methods for longer-term evaluation of an employment strategy : final report
The Effect of Internal Training from the Employee's Point of View
Response to computer-assisted intervention in children most at risk for mathematics difficulties
Environmental policy : new directions for the twenty-first century
Effect of cardiac surgery on long-term outcome : balancing between survival benefit, surgical risk and health-related quality of life
Measuring advertising effectiveness
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
The concept of effectiveness in the evaluation of educational outcomes
Self-evaluation report on the regional impact of the University of Joensuu : Evaluation project of the impact of Eastern Finland universities and the Mikkeli campus
Web site analysis and reporting
Methods for diagnosing research system constraints and assessing the impact of agricultural research : proceedings of the ISNAR/Rutgers agricultural technology management workshop, 6-8 July 1988, at Rutgers University, New Jersey, USA. Vol. 1, Diagnosing agricultural research system constraints
Visible learning for teachers : maximizing impact on learning
Jacques Derrida : live theory
Leveraging the law : using the courts to achieve social change
Emotional image of tourism destinations : case FTB tourist brochures to Russians
Impact assessment of the soil and water conservation project: Participatory Impact Assessment
The impact of the board of directors, block holders, and institutional investors on corporate risk-taking
Paradigms and promises : new approaches to educational administration
Impact of the Olympic Games upon the Touristic Sector of a Region
Katherine Mansfield and literary influence
Stent-assisted endovascular therapy of complex intracranial aneurysms
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Postural balance and aging : cross-sectional comparative studies and a balance training intervention
Ex-centric migrations : Europe and the Maghreb in Mediterranean cinema, literature, and music
Short-term group therapies for complicated grief : two research-based models
Foreclosing the future : the World Bank and the politics of environmental destruction
Subjective outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions : a naturalistic follow-up study among Finnish adolescent psychiatric outpatients
Catalytic and therapeutic characteristics of human recombinant glycosylasparaginase and bacterial L-asparaginases
Build your own life brand! : a powerful strategy to maximize your potential and enhance your value for ultimate achievement
Exploring the use and impact of travel guidebooks
Assessments are to change the world : prerequisites for effective environmental health assessment
The university and its region : examples of regional development from the European Consortium of Innovative Universities
Second publication from a Nordic project on The Effectiveness of multilateral environmental agreements : workshop proceedings and study reports
Essays in retrospect
Achieving marketing communication objectives through advertising : case study Oy Panda Ab
Obesity and the economics of prevention : fit not fat
The purpose of this thesis was to research the television adverts and marketing communication of Panda. Three different television adverts were chosen from Panda's advertising campaigns and analysed in detail. Their features, such as the idea, visual image, message and language, main character and its role, and effectiveness were examined. The influence of advertising on consumer behaviour was also analysed. This thesis also concentrated on coherency between the messages delivered through television advertising and the overall marketing communication objectives. In addition to this, image and brand building through advertising was examined. The research process was based on a case study analysis of the advertising of Panda. Information regarding Panda's communication and business objectives and how to turn them into effective marketing communication activities was acquired by interviewing the marketing director of Panda. The results of the research were very positive. The three analysed adverts of Panda each have a good idea supporting their main objectives, both in introducing the new product and promoting it. They also support the brand and build up images of a happy, warm, and close brand. Panda has achieved their goal of bringing their core values into advertising and marketing communication, and each advert presents this. Television advertising is an effective medium and helps in raising awareness about new products by reaching its target groups. Finland is a small country when it comes to the amount of inhabitants but people are spread out to all parts of the country, and television advertising can reach them all simultaneously. The purpose of advertising is to influence consumers. This is done by building up positive images of the products and the company itself, by raising interest and in the end creating a purchase need. Behavioural impacts are achieved by appealing to viewers' emotions. According to the results of the analysis, television advertising is profitable and beneficial for this company, even though it is not the most cost efficient advertising option. However, it ultimately does pay off, as can be seen by the good results achieved through it.
Abstract.
The Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact project has been created to increase the level of knowledge and competence of cultural managers who engage in managing and mediating art projects with societal impact. The published study book by the project Managing Art Projects with Societal Impact meets the demand for developing specific management skills by discussing the intersections of art, society and impacts and their relation to different policies, as well as identifying the central managerial aspects that are relevant to increasing the societal influence of the arts. This guide, based on the contribution of project’s study book, presents some tools and models with illustrative cases and examples, which seek to reflect diverse reader experiences, learning methods and ideas for managing art projects with societal impact.
Evidence-based practice in social work
What works in fashion advertising : interpreting the strategic thinking behind the advertising and communications of fashion producers and retailers
Sustainability ROI measurement : towards a more comprehensive model on sustainability investment decision-making : a case study
Towards a physically more active lifestyle based on one's own values: study design of a randomized controlled trial for physically inactive adults
Performance and effectiveness of organised breast cancer screening in Finland
Kant and the early moderns
Using citation analysis techniques for computer-assisted legal reseach in continental jurisdictions
Summary.
Outcomes assessment in higher education : views and perspectives
Impact : how law affects behavior
Bridging case conceptualization, assessment, and intervention
Participation in environmental organizations
School effectiveness : fracturing the discourse
General motor function assessment and perceptions of life satisfaction during and after geriatric rehabilitation
Childhood mental health disorders : evidence base and contextual factors for psychosocial, psychopharmacological, and combined interventions
John Donne's poetry and early modern visual culture
Effectiveness of pilotage
LEAP dialogues : career pathways in design for social innovation
The effectiveness of prevention and treatment of dysphonia : two Cochrane systematic reviews
The anxiety of influence : a theory of poetry
Evaluation of deadweight spending in regional enterprise financing
Impacts of Outdoor Advertising in St. Petersburg: Affectivity and visibility of mobile phone billboards
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Reformative Finland : research and innovation policy review 2015-2020
Investment euphoria and money madness : the inner workings of the psychology of investing, for financial advisors and the clients
The emperor's new drugs : exploding the antidepressant myth
Political effectiveness of agricultural policies : an empirical analysis
Leadership sustainability : seven disciplines to achieve the changes great leaders know they must make
New directions in social impact assessment : conceptual and methodological advances
Evaluating the impact of your library
Effectiveness evaluation of Forest Academy Forums for Decision Makers
Pain management : evidence, outcomes, and quality of life : a sourcebook
Forearm shaft fractures in children
In memory of Jacques Derrida
Faculty of health sciences' research day symposium 2017 : effectiveness of health care : abstracts
Treatment outcomes in psychotherapy and psychiatric interventions
And yet it works! : sober notes on public substance education
The great psychotherapy debate : the evidence for what makes psychotherapy work
Educational technology : opportunities and challenges
Exploring the influence of persuasive reminders and virtual rehearsal on the efficacy of health behavior change support system
Training for intercultural awareness : needs assessment and the elements of training : the case of Sonera
Multidisciplinary rehabilitation after primary total knee arthroplasty:a study of its effects on health- related quality of life, functional capacity and cost-effectiveness
Development of methodology for assessing counseling interactions : developing the Counselor Response Observation System and assessing applicability of heart rate variability to the measurement of client emotions during verbal reporting
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Personal impact : what it takes to make a difference
The first four notes : Beethoven's fifth and the human imagination
The wider benefits of investment in cultural heritage : case studies in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia
Severe community- acquired pneumonia – studies on imaging, etiology, treatment, and outcome among intensive care patients
Sports event impact research process : best practices and challenges according to experienced researchers
