http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16586 educational psychology
educational psychology
Single case research methodology : applications in special education and behavioral sciences
How we learn : learning and non-learning in school and beyond
Advances in instructional psychology. Vol 2
The student teacher's guide
Cognitive development and learning in instructional contexts
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 1, Theories, constructs, and critical issues
Psychology at work in the elementary school classroom
Educational psychology
Contemporary theories and practice in education
The children on the hill : the story of an extraordinary family
Information about our experience in music-education and practical psychology for musicians, music-teachers and their students
Positive behaviour management : a manual for teachers
Learning in the learner's perspective. 2, Differences in awareness
The psychology of education
Methodological advances in research on emotion and education
Educational psychology : teaching for student diversity
Experiments in educational psychology
Educational psychology in practice
Transformative learning in practice : insights from community, workplace, and higher education
Cognitive development : neo-Piagetian perspectives
Contemporary educational psychology : some models applied to the school setting
Motivational design for learning and performance : the ARCS model approach
Children as philosophers : learning through enquiry and dialogue in the primary classroom
Developing young minds : from conception to kindergarten
Educational psychology : A cognitive view
Systems psychology in the schools
Discipline without tears
Contemporary capacity-building in educational contexts
Psychology in teacher preparation
Were you looking for the book with access to MyEducationLab? This product is the book alone, and does NOT come with access to MyEducationLab. Buy the book and access card package to save money on this resource. The 12th Edition of Educational Psychology maintains the lucid, jargon-free writing style for which the author is renowned, combined with a clear emphasis on educational psychology's practical relevance for teachers and students in classrooms. Written to look at teaching from the student's perspective and how students learn and retain information, the new edition continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, assessment. It adds expanded coverage of the brain and neuroscience, the impact of technology, student diversity, as well as a new chapter devoted to Language Development, Language Diversity, and Immigrant Education (Ch 5). This text, known for its state of the art presentation of the field of educational psychology, is exceptionally applied and replete with examples, lesson segments, case studies, and practical ideas from experienced teachers.
Violence in schools : issues, consequences, and expressions
Teaching, learning and psychology
Do you read me? : learning difficulties, dyslexia, and the denial of meaning
Historical and cross-cultural aspects of psychology
Educational psychology : theory and practice
Educational psychology : the study of educational growth
Educational psychology for teachers
Understanding school learning : a new look at educational psychology
Educational psychology in the U. S. S. R.
Promoting psychological well-being in children and families
Humanistic education : developing the total person
Learning : nineteen scenarios from everyday life
"This book examines qualities of resistance to new and uncomfortable information and proposes methods for working productively with such resistance. Research in neuroscience, education, sociology, political science, and the humanities has contributed to a revisionary understanding of how emotion grounds human reason, interaction, and communication. Colleges and Universities produce and distribute information but do very little to ensure that information is effectively assimilated and employed as solutions to real problems. This book outlines an agenda that makes emotional experience central to educational practice"--
How do we develop musical creativity? How is musical creativity nurtured in collaborative improvisation? How is it used as a communicative tool in music therapy? This comprehensive volume offers new research on these questions by an international team of experts from the fields of music education, music psychology and music therapy. The book celebrates the rich diversity of ways in which learners of all ages develop and use musical creativity. Contributions focus broadly on the composition/improvisation process, considering its conceptualization and practices in a number of contexts. The authors examine how musical creativity can be fostered in formal settings, drawing examples from primary and secondary schools, studio, conservatoire and university settings, as well as specialist music schools and music therapy sessions. These essays will inspire readers to think deeply about musical creativity and its development. The book will be of crucial interest to music educators, policy makers, researchers and students, as it draws on applied research from across the globe, promoting coherent and symbiotic links between education, music and psychology research.
Educational psychology : windows on classrooms
Educational psychology : developing learners
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Advances in instructional psychology
Spatial learning strategies : techniques, applications, and related issues
Psychology in education
Teaching and learning : a psychological perspective
The foundations of human experience
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Educational psychology : a contemporary approach
Health Economics and Outcome Studies on Type 2 Diabetes Education and Screening in a Chinese Population
Parenting and teaching the gifted
"The first comprehensive, research-based textbook on Internet-infused education, Educational Psychology and the Internet offers students an accessible guide to important issues in the field. Michael Glassman begins with an overview of the history that traces the evolution of the Internet and its significance for education. He outlines the current state of research, clearly defining terms that students will need to discuss larger concepts, such as hypertext and cyberspace. The second part of the book explores the practical applications of this research, which range from the individual-oriented to the generalized, including massive open online courses (MOOCs), open educational resources, and augmented reality. Key issues that affect teachers and students today, such as Net Neutrality and Creative Commons and Open Source licenses, are explained in straightforward terms, and often-overlooked differences - for example, between course management systems and learning management systems, and between blogs, social networking sites, and short messaging systems - are highlighted"--
Proceedings of the 18th International Conference for the Psychology of Mathematics Education : PME XVIII, 29 July - 3 August 1994 an, July 18-23, 1993
Young children playing : relational approaches to emotional learning in early childhood settings
Learning in the learner's perspective. 1, Some common-sense conceptions
Learning in the learner's perspective. 3, Level of difficulty seen as a relationship between the reader and the text
Fifteenth PME Conference : proceedings : Assisi (Italy) 1991, June 29 - July 4. Vol.   3
Multiple pathways to the student brain : energizing and enhancing instruction
Alternatives in education
Teaching : calling and skills
John Dewey on education : selected writings
Fifteenth PME Conference : proceedings : Assisi (Italy) 1991, June 29 - July 4. Vol.   2
This volume presents different conceptual and theoretical frameworks as well as research methods that have helped educational researchers to study emotions. It includes innovative approaches that push the methodological boundaries that have served educational researchers until now and proposes new ways of researching emotions in educational contexts. In particular, this edited volume provides a historical frame for studying emotions. It connects theoretical/epistemological views with choice of research methods and describes specific methods helpful in doing research on emotions as they are grounded in different theoretical and disciplinary traditions such as psychology, philosophy, sociology, history, political science, cultural studies, and feminist studies. Finally, it appreciates the contextual and international dimensions of studying emotions in education and contributes to ongoing debates about the implications of our methodological choices for understanding emotion in education. This combination of variety, timeliness, potential for transformation of the field, and uniqueness make this a very valuable resource to introduce new scholars in the field alongside established scholars.
The subject of this book is young childrens emotional-social learning and development within early childhood care and education settings in Aotearoa-New Zealand. The focus on emotional complexity fills a gap in early childhood care and education research where young children are frequently framed narrowly as learners, ignoring the importance of emotional functioning and the feelings with which children make sense of themselves and the world. This book draws on original data in the form of narrative-like framed events to creatively illustrate the complexities in childrens diverse ways of feeling, thinking, playing, being, and becoming. Events illuminate the feelings and meanings of observed experiences in holistic and contextualised gestalts. Awareness of unconscious processes, the feeling of feelings, and cultural dimensions of development and meaning-making are addressed. The book emphasises the emergent and psychodynamic nature of childrens development and learning with strong links to the role of play and playfulness in the events, drawing on two ethnographically inspired research projects that present theory, experience and practice in real-life events.
Theories in educational psychology
An introduction to theories of learning
Talks to teachers on psychology : and to students on some of life's ideals
The promise of educational psychology : learning in the content areas
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Advances in educational psychology. 2
Psychology of Mathematics Education : proceedings of the eleventh international conference : Montreal July 19 - July 25, 1987
The unschooled mind : how children think and how schools should teach
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Many teachers want to contribute to children's moral development, but this desire has not always resulted in a profound grasp of what 'moral education' really means, why it would be desirable and how it can best be achieved. This book confronts these questions by examining what Aristotelian virtue ethics can illuminate about moral education. At the same time, it evaluates whether Aristotelian theory can still be useful for contemporary educational practice. The argument culminates in a morally justified and psychologically realistic account of how virtue can best be taught in schools. The approach, called 'character education', sees moral education not as enforcing rules or transferring values in separate subjects. Instead, it encourages teachers - whatever subject they teach - to be a 'morally exemplary teacher', which is revealed through all kinds of small decisions and emotional reactions. This philosophical essay takes a constructive but critical stance towards empirical research about the effectiveness of teaching methods and the realism of character traits.
Village children : a Soviet experience
Proceedings : fourteenth PME conference : with the North American chapter twelfth PME-NA conference (July 15-20) : México 1990
How we think
On the psychology, education, and guidance of the mentally superior and the extraordinary gifted child
Educational psychology : psychological foundations of education
Early childhood development and later outcome
Meritocratic education and social worthlessness
Negotiating and renegotiating conversational ground rules : formation of an artifact designed to mediate exploratory collaboration
Fifteenth PME Conference : proceedings : Assisi (Italy) 1991, 1 June 29 - July 4. Vol.   1
Educational psychology : applications for classroom learning and instruction
Musical creativity : insights from music education research
Piaget, education and teaching
Constructing a psychology of teaching and learning
Psychological foundations of education : an introduction to Leeman development and learning
Parenting from the heart : a guide to the essence of parenting from the inside-out
On personality and educational psychology
Teaching for learning : applying educational psychology in the classroom
Educational psychology of the gifted
The school and society
Creative learning 3-11 and how we document it
Emotional well-being in educational policy and practice : interdisciplinary perspectives
Help your child or teen get back on track : what parents and professionals can do for childhood emotional and behavioral problems
Motivation for learning : a guide for the teacher of the young adult
What teachers make : in praise of the greatest job in the world
The psychological basis of education
Critical pedagogy and cognition : an introduction to a postformal educational psychology
The handbook of education and human development : new models of learning, teaching and schooling
Educational psychology in a changing world
Vygotsky in action in the early years : the 'Key to learning' curriculum
"From an award-winning neuroscience researcher with twenty years of teaching experience, Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain uses educator-friendly language to explain how the brain learns. Steering clear of "neuro-myths," Dr. Janet Zadina discusses multiple brain pathways for learning and provides practical advice for creating a brain-compatible classroom. While there are an abundance of books and workshops that aim to integrate education and brain science, educators are seldom given concrete, actionable advice that makes a difference in the classroom. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain bridges that divide by providing examples of strategies for day-to-day instruction aligned with the latest brain science. The book explains not only the sensory/motor pathways that are familiar to most educators (visual, auditory, and kinesthetic), it also explores the lesser known pathways--reward/survival, language, social, emotional, frontal lobe, and memory/attention--and how they can be tapped to energize and enhance instruction. Educators are forever searching for new and improved ways to convey information and inspire curiosity, and research suggests that exploiting different pathways may have a major effect on learning. Multiple Pathways to the Student Brain allows readers to see brain science through the eyes of a teacher--and teaching through the eyes of a brain scientist"--
The untouched key : tracing childhood trauma in creativity and destructiveness
Handbook of educational policy
Educational psychology : a realistic approach
Social and Emotional Aspects of Learning
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
A teachers' guide to the psychology of learning
Educational psychology : a scientific foundation for educational practice
A teacher's guide to the psychology of learning
The school psychologist in nontraditional settings : integrating clients, services, and settings
Theories in Educational Psychology's purpose is to introduce readers to the pioneering educational psychology theories that continue to shape our understanding of the classroom learning environment, present support for the theories from perspectives in the current research literature, and share how these theoretical traditions have translated into effective teaching methods. Each chapter will be infused with practical teaching examples, classroom vignettes, and instructional strategies so readers are continually confronted with how theory translates to practice. In addition to becoming familiar with the conceptual understanding of core theoretical knowledge, readers will also be presented with current thinking about each theory and an introduction to important related topics at the close of each chapter. The chapters will also conclude with activities designed to help readers reflect on their learning of each chapter's content.
The Thirteenth Edition of Educational Psychology continues to emphasize the educational implications and applications of research on child development, cognitive science, learning, motivation, teaching, and assessment. Theory and practice are considered together, showing how information and ideas drawn from educational psychology research can be applied to solve the everyday problems of teaching. The text reflects the field as it offers unique and crucial knowledge to any who dare to teach, and to all who love to learn.
Behavior analysis for effective teaching
Musical creativities in practice
The heart of parenting : how to raise an emotionally intelligent child
Applying educational psychology
The energy to teach
"Music and development - challenges for music education" : the proceedings of the First European Conference on Developmental Psychology of Music : 17-19 November 2005, University of Jyväskylä, Department of Music, Finland
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 3, Application to learning and teaching
Education and knowledge : the structured misrepresentation of reality
Applied psychology
Children's interests : and what they suggest for education
School psychology at a turning point : ensuring a bright future for the profession
Psychology in the classroom : a manual for teachers
Educating older people
The difficult child : how to understand and cope with your temperamental 2-6 year old
Four psychologies applied to education : Freudian, behavioral, humanistic, transpersonal
Psychosynthesis in education : a guide to the joy of learning
Bias in prediction : on correction methods
Beyond conventional boundaries : uncertainty in research and practice with children
Resistance to Learning : overcoming the desire-not-to-know in classroom teaching
Fostering self-efficacy in higher education students
Character education : a Neo-Aristotelian approach to the philosophy, psychology and education of virtue
Educational psychology and the internet
Personality and learning : educational studies, a second level course. Block 1, Personality in the learning situation
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
APA educational psychology handbook. Volume 2, Individual differences and cultural and contextual factors
A teacher's world : psychology in the classroom
The nurture assumption : why children turn out the way they do
Keeping your child in mind : overcoming defiance, tantrums, and other everyday behavior problems by seeing the world through your child's eyes
Learning and human abilities : educational psychology
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Educational psychology : the principles of learning in teaching
Learning in the learner's perspective. 4, Considering one's own strategy
Educational psychology : reflection for action
Child psychology : a contemporary viewpoint
Playful parenting
Supporting the spirit of learning : when process is content
Psychology and adult learning
Education and learning : an evidence-based approach
Proceedings of the 17th International Conference for the Psychology of Mathematics Education : University of Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan, July 18-23, 1993
Educational psychology in the classroom
Freud and education
Child and education
The voice of the child : a handbook for professionals
Mental hygiene in teaching
Educational sociology
Fantasy and feeling in education
Current readings in educational psychology
Adolescents at school : perspectives on youth, identity, and education
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Between man and man
School psychology for the 21st century : foundations and practices
Transfer on trial : intelligence, cognition, and instruction
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Readings in educational psychology
Teacher-child relationship and motivational orientation
The Routledge international handbook of social psychology of the classroom
Readings in educational psychology : contemporary perspectives : 1976-77 edition
