http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16598 economic geography
economic geography
Essays on migration
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 48. 2002.
Journal of economic geography
Articles on the topic INTERREG IIIC Project "Ökoprofit International"
Digital bridges : developing countries in the knowledge economy
Economic geography : real or hype?
Industrial agglomeration and new technologies : a global perspective
Radical planning initiatives : new directions for urban planning in the 1990s
Economic Atlas of the Soviet Union
University engagements and regional specialisation : comparative case study on regional engagements of universities in Finland and Sri Lanka and lessons learned
The nine nations of North America
Regional geography of the United states and Canada
Economic geographical analysis of the Finnish paper industry
Kahden eteläsuomalaisen kylän talousmaantieteellinen rakenne = The economic-geographical structure of two village in southern FInland
The world economy : resourses, location, trade, and development
Diversifying foreign trade as a risk insurance device : from cold war bilateral trade to globalized markets
Making development geography
Interpreting rurality : multidisciplinary approaches
Economic and social geography
The five faces of Thailand : an economic geography
Applied evolutionary economics and economic geography
Assignment geography : structured exercises in human geography
Atlas of global development
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
Western Europe : a social and economic geography
Land, labour migration and politics in southern Africa : Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
Economic geography : past, present and future
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
World regional geography : a development approach
The Wiley-Blackwell companion to economic geography
Money, power and space
Contemporary Africa : development, culture and the state
Magyarország gazdaságföldrajzi térképe = Ökonomisch-geographische Karte von Ungarn = Economic-geographical map of Hungary = Carte de géographie économique de la Hongrie
Environment and economic life : an economic and social geography
International management : culture, strategy and behavior
The new Europe : into the 21st century
Principles and applications of economic geography : economy, policy, environment
Enabling experiences - the role of operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Global development finance : external debt of developing countries
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Africa in focus : a physical, human and economic geography
Industrial geographies of cocaine
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
The Biomedical & Life Sciences Collection
Types of rural economy : studies in world agriculture
Geography and economy : three lectures
Politics and practice in economic geography
The geography of small firm innovation
Economic geography of the USSR : general information, geography of the industry, agriculture and transport
Auvo A. Säntti : juhlajulkaisu 25.12.1966 : a miscellany offered to professor Auvo A. Säntti, rector of the Turku School of Economics, on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday
The atlas of the real world : mapping the way we live
The planet in 2050 : the Lund disourse of the future
Atlas of the environment
Essays on small open economy macroeconomics
Health system financing reforms and its impact on access to health care in low and lower middle income countries of WHO European Region : a systematic review
On the road : social aspects of commuting long distances to work
Human and economic geography
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Regional and urban economics
Local and regional economic development : renegotiating power under labour
Spatial organization : the geographer's view of the world
Uneven development : nature, capital, and the production of space
Cities, agglomeration and spatial equilibrium
New patterns : process and change in human geography
Economic geography : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 5, Regulating the economic landscape
Logics of dislocation : models, metaphors, and meanings of economic space
Perugia, 1260-1340 : conflict and change in a medieval Italian urban society
Integrating environment and economy : strategies for local and regional government
Source material on the South African economy : 1860-1970
Britain on the edge of Europe
Economic geography : critical concepts in the social sciences. Volume 1, The evolving project of economic geography
Latin America : economic development and regional differentiation
The geography of transport systems
Economic spaces of pastoral production and commodity systems : markets and livelihoods
Journal of transport geography
The geography of agriculture in developed market economies
Alternative currency movements as a challenge to globalisation? : a case study of Manchester's local currency networks
Land use planning
Geographies of Development: an Introduction to Development Studies remains a core, balanced and comprehensive introductory textbook for students of Development Studies, Development Geography and related fields. This clear and concise text encourages critical engagement by integrating theory alongside practice and related key topics throughout. It demonstrates informatively that ideas concerning development have been many and varied and highly contested - varying from time to time and from place to place. With a new colour layout and in-chapter features such as Key Ideas, Boxed Case Studies and Summaries, students will find this an easy-to-use text which will focus them on the most important information in this area of study.
Changing land management : adoption of new practices by rural landholders
Globalization and African economics
The Pan-Pearl River Delta : an emerging regional economy in a globalizing China
Lloyds' maritime atlas including a comprehensive list of ports and shipping places of the world
Cross-border economic relations between Germany an Poland : the case of the Federal State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
From inside Brazil : development in a land of contrasts
Market access and regional disparities : new economic geography in Europe
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Encounters and engagements between economic and cultural geography
Approaches to economic geography : towards a geographical political economy
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
What went wrong with economic geography?
Space and place in development geography : geographical perspectives on development in the 21st century
Geography and development : a world regional approach
A dictionary of the economic products of India
The Role of mobile phones in empowering rural residents : study in Katakwi district, Uganda
An economic geography of the Scandinavian states and Finland
Africa south of the Sahara : a geographical interpretation
Global challenges and the emerging world order
Knowledge, space, economy
On specifying and estimating economic growth as a spatial process : convergence, inequality and migration
Essays on agricultural and environmental policy
Geography of world affairs
Commodity chains and world cities
Handbook of research methods and applications in economic geography
Intensive variable and its application
Lower Angara Region : a new approach to regional development in Russia
The economist atlas : the shape of the world today
EU-Asia and the re-polarization of the global economic arena
The world shipping scene : atlas of shipping, shipbuilding, seaports and sea-borne trade
Where science meets its use : - Exploring the emergence of the practical relevance of scientific knowledge in the regional context
Bartholomew illustrated world atlas
A geography of world economy
The objective of the study was to analyze how farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness contribute to profitability of farming. A structural equation model of these two elements of management capacity and financial performance was applied on survey data and bookkeeping results from 117 dairy farms. The model explained one-fourth of the varying profitability of sample farms. The results show that farmers' managerial thinking is connected to farm profitability, but management process effectiveness is not. It was concluded that it is essential for good performance that the farmer has a clear vision of developing farming with business and investment plans. Successful farmers also have a firm confidence in their managerial skills, a strong emphasis on instrumental and intrinsic values, and a high appreciation of farming as occupation. They also see the farm as an entrepreneurial business unit and intend to follow the corresponding principles of management.
The changing geography of the service sector
Building sustainable livelihoods during post-conflict recovery : a study of skills training in Jendema, Sierra Leone
Handbook of industry studies and economic geography
Student world atlas
Latin America and the Caribbean : a Systematic and Regional Survey
Lloydś maritime atlas : including a comprehensive list of ports and shipping places of the word
The geography of Ireland
Oil and world power
Finland builds
Resources and man : a study and recommendations
The geography of economic systems
A world in crisis? : geographical perspectives
Africa
Economic and social geography : made simple
The geography of economic activity
Modern world development : a geographical perspective
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Geography of production and economic integration
The economic geography reader : producing and consuming global capitalism
Academic writing for international students of business
Complexity and geographical economics : topics and tools
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy
Geography : a modern synthesis
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
The USSR
The Middle East and North Africa. Ed. 41. 1995.
Integrated analysis of regional systems
Location in space : a theoretical approach to economic geography
Economic Development with Special Reference to East Asia : Proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association
Geographies of development : an introduction to development studies
Success in economic geography
Tutors as mediators of exchange student experiences : evaluation of the interantional student tutor system at the University of Turku
Oxford economic atlas of the world
Encyclopedia of human geography
People, places and production
The American way : a geographical history of crisis and recovery
From poverty economics to global social policy : a sociology of aid for poverty reduction
Farmers' managerial thinking and management process effectiveness as factors of financial success on Finnish dairy farms
Magyarország gazdasági térképekben = The economies of Hungary in maps
Spatial dynamics in the service sector : some theses pertaining to developments in IT, organizational restructuring and spatial processes
The potential of location intelligence solutions in Finland : towards combining geographical information system and business intelligence
Proceedings of the third International Hindu Kush Cultural Conference
Smoking geographies : space, place and tobacco
Economic geography
The changing geography of international business
The new introduction to geographical economics
The economic geography of the world
Economic geography of Ohio
Economic atlas of the Soviet Union
Ethnoecology : situated knowledge/located lives
Geography and inequality
"The countryside is a national institution in a range of countries; most people aspire to live there, many people use it for leisure and recreation and we can all watch rural life played out on our television screen, read about it in novels or consume its imagery in art and cinematography. The aim of this book is to explore the way that these aspirations and perceptions influence the way that the term "rural" is used across different academic disciplines. Definitions of rural are not exact, leaving room for these interpretations to have a significant impact on the meanings conveyed in different areas of research and across different economic, social and spatial contexts".
The third transformation of Japan : an institutional narrative on agglomeration economies in abenomics
Brazil : a new regional power in the world-economy
Farm, factory and fortune : new studies in the economic history of the Maritime Provinces
Political instability, gender discrimination, and population growth in developing countries
The political geography of inequality : regions and redistribution
Summary.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Human geography : people, place, and culture
A preface to economic geography
Entrepreneurship in emerging regions around the world : theory, evidence and implications
Economics of agglomeration : cities, industrial location, and regional growth
On the foundations of monopolistic competition and economic geography : the selected essays of B. Curtis Eaton and Richard G. Lipsey
Systems of cities and information flows
Industrial location : an economic geographical analysis
South-east Asia : a social, economic and political geography
Typology of shopping centres in Budapest
New directions in economic geography
Business clusters : an international perspective
Risk and opportunity : managing risk for development
Breakout nations : in pursuit of the next economic miracles
Regional analysis. Vol. 2, Social systems
Soviet Union : a geographical survey
The Soviet Union and its geographical problems
Resource geography : conseptual approaches
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Fifteenth year of publication : special (51) issue for the XXIII International Geographical Congress
OECD economic outlook
The world economy : resources, location, trade, and development
The geography of creativity
The evolution of the Canadian retail trade system and the distinctive situation in Greater Vancouver : an analysis of the retail landscape in the interplay of extraneous forces
Geographies of the super-rich
Services and the green economy
Managing financial risks : from global to local
