http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16562 incomes policy
incomes policy
Who's driving wages in Finland? Or is anyone?
Households increasingly dependent on public transfers
Inequality and growth : the fiscal policy approach
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
A model of inflation in Finland : inflation and incomes policy in the quarterly model of the Finnish economy
Incomes policy and inflation
The longer working careers and higher earnings of those now retiring have caused a rising trend in earnings-related pensions. As this has been accompanied by a strong increase in unemployment expenditure and slow growth in aggregate income from wages and salaries on account of the recession, a growing number of households now depend on current transfers. Accordingly, household income and expenditure are now less dependent on the economic cycle and countercyclical policy. In addition, the impact of monetary policy on aggregate demand is reduced by the growing role of property income in financing consumption. Contrary to the life cycle hypothesis, elderly people's savings rate has risen with age, and net wealth is highest amongst the elderly..
Wages and employment in a unionized economy : practical implications of theoretical considerations in the context of Finland
Wage formation and macroeconomic policy in the Nordic countries
Incomes policy
Can educational policy equalise income distribution in Latin America?
Wage formation in Finland : a framework for empirical analysis
Essays on the political economy of education and income redistribution
The transformation of Finnish labour relations
Minimum Parental Allowance Payments Received by Finnish Mothers
Economic effects of fundamental tax reform
Uncertainty, stability, cycles and chaos : essays on macroeconomic policies and fluctuations
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
The political economy of poverty, equity, and growth
Business and banking : political change and economic integration in Western Europe
Inequality : What everyone needs to know
The collected writings of Paul Davidson. 2, Inflation, open economies and resources
From marginalism to institutionalism : distributional consequences of the transformation of the Finnish pension regime
Optimal tax-transfer systems and redistributive policy : the Finnish experience
A bargaining model of tax-push inflation : evidence from a Sargan approach to tax-push inflation in Finland
Profit-sharing, collective bargaining and employment
Inequality : what can be done?
Trends in income distribution in the post-world war II period : evidence and interpretation
Income disparities among farm households and agricultural policy : September 3th-5th, 1986, Rennes, France = Disparités de revenu des familles d'agriculteurs et implications pour la politique agricole
The paper gives a brief overview of the evolving fiscal federalist relations in post-Soviet Russia from the early 1990s up to recent changes in 2004.Since the initial period of disintegration and the “parade of sovereignties” in the mid-1990s, the tide has clearly turned in favour of central power.The authors describe and discuss the main administrative reforms in this area initiated during Putin’s presidency.The paper also offers a characterisation of regional finances in terms of revenues, expenditures and transfers in recent years.The tendency towards recentralising economic and political decision-making is clearly observed. Key words: Russia, fiscal federalism, regional policy .
Agricultural product prices and policies influence the development of crop yields under climate change through farm level management decisions. On this basis, five main scenarios were specified for agricultural commodity prices and crop yields. An economic agricultural sector model was used in order to assess the impacts of the scenarios on production, land use and farm income in Finland. The results suggest that falling crop yields, if realized due to low prices and restrictive policies, will result in decreasing crop and livestock production and increasing nutrient surplus. Slowly increasing crop yields could stabilise production and increase farm income. Significantly higher crop prices and yields are required, however, for any marked increase in production in Finland. Cereals production would increase relatively more than livestock production, if there were high prices for agricultural products. This is explained by abundant land resources, a high opportunity cost of labour and policies maintaining current dairy and beef production.
Income redistribution and the statistical foundations of economic policy
Fiscal policy simulations with the OECD international linkage model. Incomes policy in theory and practice
Wage determination, taxes, and employment : evidence from Finland
Offers new policies in technology, employment, social security, capital sharing, and taxation that intend to narrow the income gap, defending them against the common arguments and excuses for inaction.
Capital accumulation in a corporatist economy
Labour migration and wages
America : who stole the dream?
Efficient game : equilibrium growth and redistribution in a capitalist economy
Coping with the economic crisis : alternative responses to economic recession in advanced industrial societies
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Agricultural development problems and possibilities in Baltic countries in the future : Finnish-Baltic Joint Seminar, Saku, Estonia 1993.
PISA06 Finland : analyses, reflections and explanations
Paying for inequality : the economic cost of social injustice
Rethinking social risk in the Nordics
Trade union goods and incomes policy : a case of endogenous corporatism
Unemployment and labour market flexibility : Finland
The enlightened society : the economy with a human face
The economics of social policy
Summary: Analysis of the factors of income inequality: the structural equation modelling approach.
Globalization and inequality
This paper considers the effect of income on the risk of having the first births in Sweden from 1968 to 2009. Variations by gender are given particular atention. The study follows men and women from the moment they turn 18 until they enter parenthood and it is based on register-based data covering the entire population of Sweden. Complementary log-log models show that there is a positive association between income and the risk of childbearing. The association gets stronger over time and the differences between men and women diminish. Gender differences appear when the income effect is related to the demand for work in the economy. An income above the median does not increase the risk of childbearing for women when the demand for work is relatively high.
Incomes policy and capital sharing in Europe
The just economy
The return to incomes policy
Fiscal policy approach : some further results concerning political mechanism
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Reviewing quantitative research to inform educational policy process
Corporatism and labour market performance
Inequality and poverty re-examined
The political process and economic change
Structuring corporate capital gains tax system in the European Union : a comparative Finnish perspective
Can Migration Decisions Be Affected by Income Policy Interventions? Evidence from Finland
Income, employment, and economic growth
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Incomes policy, equity and pay increase differentials : an analysis of employee attitudes towards pay-increases in Ireland and the implications for incomes policy in Britain
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Monetary and fiscal policy. Volume 2, Politics
Corporatism and economic performance in Sweden, Norway and Finland
On the distribution of income in Scandinavia
Farm incomes, wealth and agricultural policy
Evaluating adaptation and the production development of Finnish agriculture in climate and global change
Optimal income taxation, outsourcing and policy cooperation in a dynamic economy
Finnish democracy
In Finland, the number and the proportion of women receiving minimum maternity or parental allowance increased dramatically in the 1990s. Their share increased to a high point of 30 percent in 1996 and remained at over 25 percent to the end of the decade. The aim of this study was to describe some of the characteristics typical of these women, and to analyse how often and in what circumstances they had to rely on last-resort income support (social assistance and housing allowance). The material comprises data on the total working-aged population, retrieved from the income security registers maintained by the Social Insurance Institution and from the social assistance register maintained by Stakes (National Research and Development Centre for Welfare and Health). Both cross sectional and longitudinal data were analysed by means of cross tabulations and means as well as logistic regression. We could differentiate two groups of mothers receiving minimum bene? t: young mothers and middle-aged mothers with many children. Twenty percent of women on the minimum allowance also received social assistance and 38 percent received housing allowance. Reliance on social assistance was particularly common among mothers who had delivered their ? rst baby and among young mothers who had delivered more than one baby .
Five essays on public sector labour markets
Regional disparities in small countries
The Road to Parenthood: Income and First Births in Sweden
Labour market policy in the '90s
Politics and policy-making in Finland
Social corporatism : a superior economic system?
Affluence and poverty in the Middle East
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Unemployment : a problem of policy : analysis of British experience and prospects
Falling inequality in Latin America : policy changes and lessons
Essays on taxes and wage formation
Nominal income targeting in an open-economy optimizing model
What determines regional inequality in China? / a survey of  the literature and official data
Imaginaries of early childhood education : societal roles of early childhood education in a transnational era of accountability
Consultation and political culture : essays on the case of Finland
Sosiaalisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto : perhepoliittisten tulonsiirtojen kohtaanto = The incidence of social transfers : the incidence of family policy transfers
Economic well-being : distribution, dynamics and mobility
Inequality and public policy in China
Income distribution theory
Income statistics for the agricultural household sector : proceedings of the Eurostat International Seminar held in Luxembourg on 10 and 11 January 1996
Production income and welfare : the search for an optimal social order
On government deficits and speculation
Wage determination and incomes policy in open economies
Land ownership inequality and the income distribution consequences of economic growth
Readings in social welfare : theory and policy
National income in dynamic economies
