http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16574 Finnish spoken in Sweden
Finnish spoken in Sweden
A techno-economic comparison of biogas upgrading technologies in Europe
Scots pine transfer effect models for growth and survival in Sweden and Finland
Regional Electricity Market Design
Current status and upcoming needs in SME's in Northern regions of Finland, Norway and Sweden : technologies, personnel, market and ICT in the business process
Scandinavia & Finland : plan, discover, explore
A new and exact map of Sweden and Norway corrected from the best observations communicated to the Royal Society at London & the Royal Academy at Paris &c
Marketing Plan for Finnish Food Oy
Motives and location factors of Chinese foreign direct investments in Finland and Sweden
Error error lataa patteri : from language alternation to global multilingual repertoires in Finnish youth radio programs in Finland and Sweden
Sweden and Norway
Redistributive regionalism : narratives on regionalisation in the Nordic periphery
THROUGH JOY : Mapping sporty activities in Norway, Sweden and Finland with a view to enhancing regional attractiveness
Sustainable hunting tourism : business opportunity in northern areas? : overview of hunting and hunting tourism in four northern countries: Finland, Sweden, Iceland and Canada
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Guidelines for entrepreneurship training in rural areas
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Fire and forest : the International Forest Fire Symposium in Kajaani 13.-14.11.2007
The survey on the ratification processes of the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities in seven states
Six new Taraxacum (sect. Taraxacum) species (Asteraceae) from Finland and Sweden
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Immigration from nothern Finland and Sweden to northern Norway in the 19th century
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Indicator species : an important tool when preserving the cultural landscape
Textile exerts various environmental impacts throughout its life cycle. Prevention of textile waste is one means to reduce these impacts. This study seeks to map-out the flow of textile products in the three Nordic Countries - Denmark, Finland and Sweden - from the time they are put on the market until they are discarded. Based on the findings on the flows as well as on the perception of stakeholders, the study reviews and discusses government interventions that may be useful for the enhancement of textile waste prevention. Potential use of various policy instruments based on the concept of extended producer responsibility (EPR) is analysed. The study indicates a handful of areas where further research is needed in order to fine-tune policy actions that would best address the situation specific to the case countries.
National requirements for hospital information systems in private healthcare
Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and Finland
DETVET : methodology framework
A new map of Scandinavia : containing ye kingdoms of Sweden, Denmark & Norway
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799. Vol 2
Analysis of regional climate strategies in the Barents region
Customer satisfaction development research : comparison of the customer feedback success factors of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden
Orgnisational communication in a multinational corporation : a case study of communication between a Finnish headquarters and its Swedish subsidiary
Effects of direct payments on farm performance : the case of dairy farms in northern EU countries
Conditions and prospects for increasing forest yield in northern Europe
"Today the United Nations is more important than ever before" really? : analysis of the Finnish and Swedish communication styles in the General Debate of the United Nations General Assembly 1990-1999
Socio-technical risk governance through dyadic risk dialogue : copper corrosion as a safety challenge in the geological disposal of spent nuclear fuel
Tuomioistuinsanasto = Domstolsordlista = Glossary of court terms = Glossar der Gerichtsterminologie = Vocabulaire de la justice
In 2013, the Nordic Ministers for the Environment decided to strenghten the measurement of green estimates of welfare and socio-economic developments. The report Making the Environment Count is describing how statistics on the environment and the economy thorugh the System of Environmental-Economic Accounts can be used to enable cross-sectorial analysis. The report proposes indicators that can be compiled annually in a Nordic context through existing statistics linking economic statistics to environmental statistics
Making the environment count : Nordic accounts and indicators for analysing and integrating environment and economy
The latest financial crisis has given rise to sweeping transformations in labor markets. Today, many developed countries require a variety of skilled workers in order to develop a knowledge economy. Since these countries face certain internal demographic and educational problems that are obstacles to sustained economic growth, they require skilled migrant workers. Our study analyzes these situations in two Nordic countries, Finland and Sweden. We found that both countries are using an active strategy through policies aimed to attract and retain the most talented foreign students and workers, easing their entrance into labor markets and granting them permanent residence..
This research focused in comparing the received customer feedback of the worldwide operating Sixt Rent a Car in the franchise countries Finland and Sweden. Objective of the thesis was to find out the differences in the success factors between the two neighbouring markets, discovering points of development in for customer satisfaction. The main research method was quantitative desktop study on the received customer feedback for observation period of one year. The main research was reinforced by qualitative research into the received verbal feedback commentary and by expert interviews with the management personnel of Sixt Finland and Sixt Sweden. The development suggestions are intersection of the research findings and the theoretical framework addressing service management, customer behaviour, customer satisfaction and the concepts of customer journey mapping and quality perception. Factual market differences between the countries concerning car rental industry were also addressed to ensure the validity and relevance of the study. Main findings of the research revealed that for the observation period, the overall received customer feedback was slightly better in favour of Sixt Sweden. Main reasons covered in the conclusions include differing organizational structures, difference in the vehicle fleet composition and cultural differences between the countries and organizations. Relating to the market size of the countries, also the business volumes can be seen as one factor affecting customer feedback. The development suggestions introduced are centred on the importance of customer-based thinking. Various themes e.g. customer service situations, communication, vehicles, premises and attitudes of the customer service personnel are covered in the development draft.
In this study, we developed models of transfer effects for growth and survival of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) in Sweden and Finland using a general linear mixed-model approach. For model development, we used 378 provenance and progeny trials with a total of 276 unimproved genetic entries (provenances and stand seed check-lots) distributed over a wide variety of climatic conditions in both countries. In addition, we used 119 progeny trials with 3921 selected genetic entries (open- and control pollinated plus-tree families) for testing model performance. As explanatory variables, both climatic indices derived from high-resolution gridded climate datasets and geographical variables were used. For transfer, latitude (photoperiod) and, for describing the site, temperature sum were found to be main drivers for both survival and growth. In addition, interaction terms (between transfer in latitude and site altitude for survival, and transfer in latitude and temperature sum for growth) entail changed reaction patterns of the models depending on climatic conditions of the growing site. The new models behave in a way that corresponds well to previous studies and recommendations for both countries. The model performance was tested using selected plus-trees from open and control pollinated progeny tests. Results imply that the models are valid for both countries and perform well also for genetically improved material. These models are the first step in developing common deployment recommendations for genetically improved forest regeneration material in both Sweden and Finland..
A new map of Sweden and Norway
Fire and forest : internationellt skogsbrandssymposium i Kajana 13.-14.11.2007.
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Nordic statistical yearbook 2012 = Nordisk statistisk årsbok 2012
Nordea Group intends to merge its large subsidiary banks operating in other Nordic countries to the Swedish parent company, which is supervised by the Swedish supervisory authority, Finansinspektionen. The importance of the change for Finland is heightened by Nordea's large market share..
Auditory-visual matching in learning disabilities : intervention studies from Finland and Sweden
A new & accurate map of Sweden : collected from the latest improvemts. and adjusted by the most authentic astronl. observations
Forest-related employment in the European North: current trends and future development
And then there are none : on the exclusion of women in processes of executive search
Sustainable villages in northern conditions : review on sanitation alternatives in rural areas
Views on future maritime occupational accident statistics
The article compares the role in welfare provision of the majority churches in Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Nordic welfare state model implies a large public sector and a correspondingly small contribution to welfare provision by the voluntary sector, of which church-based welfare activities, as defined in the article, are part. The data used in the article are derived from a European project, 'Welfare and religion in a European perspective', concerning the role of European majority churches as agents of welfare provision. The findings show many similarities between the Nordic cases, but also some differences. In all cases it is clear that both the church and the public authorities take the Nordic welfare state model more or less for granted. The Swedish and Norwegian cases, unlike the Finnish one, show that the public authorities at the municipal level are fairly unfamiliar with local church-based welfare activities. The article raises topical questions as to the role of the Nordic churches in social policy and as moral authorities in contemporary society.Keywords: Welfare, Church, Finland, Norway, Sweden.
NGOs and the implementation of active labour market policies : the case of Finland and Sweden
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Energy performance, technologies and challenges of new buildings in Russia and Scandinavia
This thesis studies national requirements for hospital information systems in the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis has been carried out done during the years of 2013-2015 and the customer company is Nexamed Ltd. Nexamed is the vendor of the hospital information system called OneClinic. The main customer sector of OneClinic is the Finnish private healthcare. The target of this thesis is to find the differences between the requirements of the Finnish private healthcare and the existing OneClinic functionalities. Because OneClinic is based on a Danish hospital information system called MyClinic, also the Danish private healthcare requirements for the hospital information system are described in some of the thesis topics. This thesis describes the requirements at the general level. Especially the thesis focuses on the authority requirements. The thesis presents high level requirements for electronic medical record systems set by the national patient data repository (i.e. eArchive) and national prescription centre (i.e. ePrescription service). In addition the requirements set by the Kela direct imbursement and new requirements for the OneClinic financial management functionalities set by the Finnish private healthcare are presented in this thesis. Background information for this thesis is collected from the specifications of the authority requirements, laws and discussions with representatives of the Finnish private healthcare. The thesis concludes that the patient treatment processes in Finland and Denmark are similar at the general level but there are a great deal of differences in details. The eArchive service and the ePrescription service in Finland are setting high requirements to the OneClinic information system. Also, financial management processes in the Finnish private healthcare contain new requirements for the OneClinic information system. Especially requirements set by the Kela exists only in Finland.
Criminalizing business cartels in Europe : a comparative perspective
Making the case for the mother tongue : ethnic activism and the emergence of a new policy discourse on the teaching of non-Swedish mother tongues in Sweden in the 1960s and 1970s
An accurate map of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway, from the best authorities by Thos. Bowen
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
Business transfer ecosystems and awareness raising activities : situation analysis of five European countries
Live & work in Scandinavia : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Sweden : corrected from the observations communicated to the Roayl Society at London and the Royal Academy at Paris
The adverse health consequences of air pollution are of concern currently and there is a fear that these consequences escalate along with economic growth. The effect of economic growth on air pollution deaths is analyzed in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden by applying the Environmental Kuznets Curve approach, according to which economic growth has competing effects on air pollution and related deaths. On the one hand, emissions tend to increase as the scale of economic activity increases, but on the other hand, consumers and firms in richer countries use cleaner goods and adopt cleaner technologies. In Denmark and Finland, the latter effects are stronger, while in Sweden the opposite is true. Therefore, air pollution deaths will decrease in Denmark and Finland but increase in Sweden. Since country's own emissions do not determine air pollution completely, the paper briefly analyzes emissions from the Baltic countries and Russia. .
A new and accurate map of Scandinavia, or the northern crowns of Sweden, Denmark, and Norway : drawn from the most approv'd maps and charts, and adjusted by astronoml. observations
Prevention of textile waste : material flows of textiles in three Nordic countries and suggestions on policy instruments
Finland and Sweden : matching labor market needs with talented migrants
Nicobar : the biggest plate money find in the world = Världens största fynd av plåtmynt
Air Pollution Mortality in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden
Planning a new standard language : Finnic minority languages meet the new millennium
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
The consequences of the crisis of the 1990s to the Nordic welfare state : Finland and Sweden
The Nordic media market 2009 : media companies and business activities
The archaeology of wings : birds and people in the Baltic Sea region during the Stone Age
Frommer's Scandinavia
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Manure nutrient content in the Baltic Sea countries
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
The draft Nordic Saami Convention : nations working together
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Nordic majority churches as agents in the welfare state : critical voices and/or complementary providers?
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Economic valuation of ecosystem services provided by coastal habitats in Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Knowledge about the impact of climate change on the forest-related employment is important for making relevant policy decisions in areas where forestry is economically important. This paper contrasts two different areas in Sweden and Finland in terms of population structure, employment structure and forest-based economy. The paper discusses the future possible outcomes of climate change in terms of forest-related employment. The geographical level of analysis is the county of Norrbotten in Sweden, and the county of Lappi in Finland. These are sparsely populated peripheral areas with ageing populations. There has been a decline or stagnation in the economic and social conditions and the survival of many rural communities, in particular those inland, is seriously threatened. In the context of climate change the issue of how the forest growth will change and how well the different areas will adapt to these changes are addressed.
Business Transfer Ecosystems and Awareness Raising Activities : Situation Analysis of Five European countries
The art of accidental reading and incidental listening : an empirical study on the viewing of subtitled films
Conversion of Nordea subsidiaries into branches : Nordic interconnectedness increases
Sweden, Denmark and Norway
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
Fire and forest : kansainvälinen metsäpalosymposio Kajaanissa 13.-14.11.2007.
Climate Change and the Northern Dimension : an analysis of vulnerability and adaptation policy in Finland, Sweden and Norway
Travels through Sweden, Finland and Lapland to the North Cape in the years 1798 and 1799 Vol. 1
Possibilities and limitations of participative governance : public participation in water governance in Finland and Sweden
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Studies on institutions and central bank independence
Northern ToSIA - Marketing materials from case studies
Finno-Ugric people in the Nordic countries : Roots 5 : The roots of peoples and languages of Northern Eurasia
Resources and barriers in tourism development: cross-border cooperation, regionalization and destination building at the Finnish-Swedish border
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
In the process of nation-building border regions have been integrated with the national centres and cross-border connections have decreased, leaving these regions in a rather peripheral and marginal position. Such state-centric, differential development has been challenged in many border regions, particularly in the area of the European Union, and there has been a shift towards cross-border partnership and cooperation, manifested in common tourism development strategies and the building of cross-border destinations. This paper examines the regional and institutional framework for cross-border cooperation, networking and tourism development at the Finnish-Swedish border, which is one of the internal borders of the European Union. The conclusion of the paper is that the relational distance created by the border and the dependence of cross-border tourism development on programme funding causes hindrances, particularly when viewed from the perspective of sustainable development of the tourism industry in this northern region.
