http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16649 international administration of justice
international administration of justice
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 28
Commentary on the UNCITRAL arbitration rules : the application by the Iran-U.S. claims tribunal
Contemporary problems in international arbitrations
Essays in international litigation and the conflict of laws
The role and functioning of the dispute settlement system in the World Trade Organization
The law and procedure of the International Court of Justice : by Sir Gerald Fitzmaurice. 2.
The role of the International Court of Justice as the principal judicial organ of the United Nations
The international law and practice of early-warning and preventive diplomacy : the emerging global watch
The EEA judicial system and the supreme courts of the EFTA states
The scope and application of the principle of universal jurisdiction
Judicial review of governmental action and the requirement of an interest to sue : a comparative study on the requirement of an interest to sue in national and international law
Euro-Arab Arbitration III = Arbitrage Euro-Arab III : proceedings of the third Euro-Arab Arbitration Congress, Amman
Aspects of the administration of international justice
An International criminal court : a step toward world peace. 1, Half a century of hope
International law and organization : closing the compliance gap
Evidence in international arbitration proceedings
Theories of justice
The law and practice of the International Court, 1920-2005.. Volume 1, The Court and the United Nations
The UNCITRAL arbitration rules in practice : the experience of the Iran-United States claims tribunal
The International Court of Justice and the western tradition of international law
Extraterritorial jurisdiction : an annotated collection of legal materials
Theory and practice of multiparty commercial arbitration : with special reference to the UNCITRAL framework
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice including dissenting and separate opinions = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice y inclus les opinions indivuduelles et dissidentes. 4, 1959-1963
Fact-finding before international tribunals : eleventh Sokol Colloquium
Arbitration in international trade
International law and the developing countries : confrontation or cooperation?
Third parties in international law
Transnational litigation and commercial arbitration : a comparative analysis of American, European, and international law
A methodology of international law
A quest for legitimacy : debating UN Security Council rules on terrorism and non-proliferation
Crisis in the gulf : enforcing the rule of law
Arbitration and renegotiation of international investment agreements : a study with particular reference to means of conflict avoidance under natural resources investmest agreements
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 25
The World Court : what it is and how it works
The International Law Commission 1949-98. Vol. 2, The Treaties, Part 2
Piercing the veil of state enterprises in international arbitration
Judicial remedies in international law
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice including dissenting and separate opinions = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice y inclus les opinions indivuduelles et dissidentes. 5, 1964-1966
The expanding jurisdiction of the United Nations
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the Permanent Court of International Justice and of the International Court of Justice = La jurisprudence de la Cour international : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour permanente de justice internationale et de la Cour internationale de justice. 1, Until 1951
The Iran-United States Claims Tribunal and the process of international claims resolution : a study by the panel on state responsibility of the American Society of International Law
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 27
Realism in law-making : essays on international law in honour of Willem Riphagen
Molecular cloning of genes coding for three inducible antibacteri al proteins of Hyalophora cecropia
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 24
The extent of the advisory jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice
Reports of international arbitral awards
Universal jurisdiction in modern international law : expansion of national jurisdiction for prosecuting serious crimes under international law
The paradox of consensualism in international law
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice including dissenting and separate opinions = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice y inclus les opinions indivuduelles et dissidentes. 6, 1967-1970
A draft international criminal code and draft statute for an international criminal tribunal
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice including dissenting and separate opinions = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice y inclus les opinions indivuduelles et dissidentes. 7, 1971-1972
International arbitration in a changing world
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice. 3, Individual and dissenting opinions 1947-1958
Maritime boundary disputes, settlement processes, and the law of the sea
International criminal law. 1, Crimes
Burden of proof and related issues : a study on evidence before international tribunals
Evidence before international tribunals
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice including dissenting and separate opinions. 8, 1973-1974
New legal foundations for global survival : security through the Security Council
International law : as applied by international courts and tribunals. Vol. 4, International judicial law
Arbitration : an element of international law
The case law of the International Court : a repertoire of the judgments, advisory opinions and orders of the International Court of Justice = La jurisprudence de la Cour internationale : un répertoire des arrêts, avis consultatifs et ordonnances de la Cour internationale de justice. 2, 1952-1958
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 29
Arbitration international
Counter-terrorism : international law and practice
The law and procedure of the International Court of Justice : by Sir Gerald Fitzmaurice. 1.
The proliferation of international judicial bodies
International arbitration : liber amicorum for Martin Domke
A guide to the UNCITRAL model law on international commercial arbitration : legislative history and commentary
The Iran-United States claims tribunal : controversies, cases and contribution
A new world order
The World Court and the contemporary international law-making process
International arbitration : three salient problems
The role and record of the International Court of Justice
Aut dedere aut judicare : the duty to extradite or prosecute in international law
The law and practice of the International Court, 1920-2005.. Volume 4, Basic documents and indexes
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 26
International law : as applied by international courts and tribunals. Vol. 2, The law of armed conflict
The law and practice of the International Court, 1920-2005.. Volume 2, Jurisdiction
International law. Vol. 1, International law as applied by international courts and tribunals: 1
Euro-Arab Arbitration II = Arbitrage Euro-Arabe II : proceedings of the second Euro-Arab arbitration congress, Bahrain (1987)
The European Court of Justice : practice and procedure
Legal framework of international supervision
The world court : what it is and how it works
The power of the International Court to determine its own jurisdiction : compétence de la compétence
The international regulation of frontier disputes
International law as applied by internationai courts and tribunals. 2 , The law of armed conflict
The compulsory jurisdiction of the International Court of Justice
Public law and political theory
Passage through the Great Belt : (Finland v. Denmark). Memorial of the Government of the Republic of Finland
The law and practice of the International Court, 1920-2005.. Volume 3, Procedure
Faith, identity, and the killing of the innocent : international lawyers and nuclear weapons
Iran - United States Claims Tribunal Reports
International criminal law. Volume 3, Enforcement
The application of the European convention on human rights
International justice for children
International adjudication : using the international court of justice : with special reference to Finland
Iran-United States Claims Tribunal reports. Vol. 31
The termination and revision of treaties in the light of new customary international law
Tripartism and the International Labour Organisation : a study of the legal concept : its origins, function and evolution in the law of nations
International law : a contemporary perspective
Good faith in international law
