http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16663 pineapple
pineapple
Natural fibers can replace glass fibers in fiber-reinforced plastics. Pineapple leave fibers (PALF) have high cellulose contents and are mechanically sound as reinforcement in polymer composites. In Malaysia the focus of the pineapple industry is the fruits leaving the leaves mainly composted or burned thus wasting good potential source of fibers. PALF from three popular cultivars (Josapine, Sarawak and Moris Gajah) were characterized physically and mechanically in order to identify the best cultivar for producing fibers. The three cultivars had leaves with very similar cross-sections. Extracting PALF from fresh leaves was easy due to low fiber-tissue interfacial strength giving cleaner and intact fiber bundles and technical fibers. 'Josapine' fiber bundles were finest and varied least in their diameter followed by those of 'Sarawak' and 'Moris'. Tensile strengths and Young's moduli of the PALF from the three cultivars were higher than some reported values while elongations at break were lower. 'Josapine' PALF had the highest average tensile strength and Young's modulus and the highest elongation at break. For PALF from the three cultivars, tensile strengths and moduli decreased with increasing diameter while elongation at break was not affected. PALF from Sarawak cultivar had the highest thermal stability followed by those from Josapine and Moris cultivars. Based on potential fiber quantity, fineness, mechanical properties and thermal stability, PALF from Josapine cultivar was best followed by those from Sarawak and Moris cultivars. Appropriate fiber extraction technique is required to produce good quality PALF in a reasonable quantity to make utilization of these excellent lignocellulosic fibers feasible.
The pineapple : botany, cultivation and utilization
Shelf-life extension with solid enrichment and water encapsulation of fruits
Proceedings of the VIIth International Pineapple Symposium : Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia, July 13-15, 2010
Characterization of pineapple leaf fibers from selected Malaysian cultivars
Word exchange
Proceedings of the Vth International Pineapple Symposium : Port Alfred, South Africa, April 11-16, 2005
And the answer is a pineapple : the king of fruit in folklore, fabric and food
Proceedings of the VIth International Pineapple Symposium : João Pesoa, Brazil, November 18-23, 2007
Control by arbuscular endomycorrhizae of Pratylenchus brachyurus in pineapple microplants
Shelf life of minimally processed pineapple (Ananas comosus L.) fruit products
The pineapple : cultivation and uses
Contribution of arbuscular mycorrhizas to biological protection of micropropagated pineapple (Ananas comosus) (L.) Merr) against Phytophthora cinnamomi Rands
Proceedings of the XXV International Horticultural Congress : Brussels, Belgium 2-7 August, 1998. Part 3, Culture techniques with special emphasis on environmental implications
Isolation of baking yeast from naturally fermented pineapple
Proceedings of the IVth International Pineapple Symposium : Veracruz, Mexico April 16-19, 2002
Morphology of artificial hybrids of Vriesea splendens x Tillandsia cyanea and V. splendens x Guzmania lingulata (Bromeliaceae)
Inhibition of chilling injury and quality changes in pineapple fruit with prestorage heat treatment
Symposium on tropical and subtropical fruit breeding
First International Pineapple Symposium : Honolulu, Hawaii United States of America, 2-6 November, 1992
Effects of pectolytic enzymes and antioxidants on the quality of dry wines made from pineapple (Ananas comosus L. Merr) peel
The word exchange
