http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16665 spam mail
spam mail junk mail
In this thesis, several methods of filtering or preventing spam are analyzed. As spam is becoming more and more commonplace, finding an effective way of minimizing the harm it causes can save people from losing money through scams, hacks, and counterfeit products.  The filtering techniques discussed include origin-based filtering, adaptive filtering, filtering of image-based spam, ISP filtering, and litigious techniques. Of all the filters examined in the thesis, adaptive techniques such as Bayesian filtering were shown to give the best results and have the greatest potential for stopping spam in the future. The strongest benefit of adaptive techniques is that they can easily be taught to respond to new types of spam, even by the users of the e-mail services themselves. The thesis contains an empirical part consisting of two separate experiments. The first part is a test to find which free e-mail service provides the best spam filtering out of Yahoo's Yahoo mail, Google's Gmail and Microsoft's Hotmail. Of the three, Yahoo mail was found to have the best spam filtering, since the filter caught spam from previously white-listed contacts. A second test with an origin-based filter was conducted on a private server. The aim of the test was to see how well the filter handled spam coming from unknown sources. It managed to consistently block all spam coming from one particular domain, but failed to block spam coming from some other domains.
Absolute beginner's guide to security, spam, spyware & viruses
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime - from global epidemic to your front door
Visibility on the Web: search results and spam
Email from Nancy Nutsucker : representation and gendered address in online pornography
Anti-spam measures : analysis and design
Social media is where your customers are--so it is where your business has to be. Unfortunately, this space is packed with land mines that can obliterate your hard-earnedsuccess in the time it takes to click a mouse. Written in easy-to-understand, accessible language, this book reveals your legal rights and responsibilities in the fast-moving and ever-changing social media landscape. Learn how to: Create a social media policy for your business ; Recruit, hire, and fire through social media ; Share content without getting sued ; Blog and run contests ; Draft disclosure requirements in digital advertising "Glen Gilmore stands alone as the authority on social media law. This book should become a ready reference for business leaders and digital marketers.
Applied information security labs : a hands-on approach
Corporation near class : spam poetry
Degunking your email, spam, and viruses
Law and the Internet : a framework for electronic commerce
Peer to peer and spam in the Internet
An analysis of spam and spam-filtering techniques
Spam : a shadow history of the Internet
Social media law for business : a practical guide for using Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and blogs without stepping on legal land mines
The spam book : on viruses, porn, and other anomalies from the dark side of digital culture
Irregular fantasies, anomalous uses : pornography spam as boundary work
OECD anti-spam toolkit of recommended policies and measures
Unified anti-spam analyser specialized to protect from Russian spam
ScreenOS cookbook
E-mail service development for an international manufacturing corporation
Applied information security : a hands-on guide to information security software
Windows lockdown! : your XP and Vista guide against hacks, attacks and other Internet mayhem
Anti-spam legislation between privacy and commercial interest : an overview of the European Union legislation regarding the e-mail spam
E-mail etiquette : a fresh look at dealing effectively with e-mail, developing great style, and writing clear, concise messages
eYou guide : to your rights online
Computers and the law : an introduction to basic legal principles and their application in cyberspace
Privacy : what developers and IT professionals should know
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
Summary (s. 7-17).
Web dragons : inside the myths of search engine technology
Designing an open-source linux e-mail server
Explores "the criminal masterminds driving some of the biggest spam and hacker operations targeting Americans and their bank accounts. Tracing the rise, fall, and alarming resurrection of the digital mafia behind the two largest spam pharmacies--and countless viruses, phishing, and spyware attacks--he delivers the first definitive narrative of the global spam problem and its threat to consumers everywhere"--Amazon.com.
