http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16614 biological rhythms
biological rhythms
Diel periodicity of activity in Chymomyza costata (Zett.) (Diptera, Drosophilidae) in the subarctic
Northern religions and shamanism
Rhythms of the brain
From clocks to chaos : the rhythms of life
Suprachiasmatic nucleus : the mind's clock
Circadian rhythms and health research trends
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Internal Time combines storytelling with accessible science tutorials to explain how our internal clocks work--for example, why morning classes are so unpopular and why "lazy" adolescents are wise to avoid them. We learn why the constant twilight of our largely indoor lives makes us dependent on alarm clocks and tired, and why social demands and work schedules lead to a social jet lag that compromises our daily functioning. --from publisher description.
Biological rhythms and photoperiodism in plants
The geometry of biological time
Internal time : chronotypes, social jet lag, and why you're so tired
Biological rhythms
Photoperiodism : the biological calendar
Rhythms of life : the biological clocks that control the daily lives of every living thing
Diurnal rhythm of melatonin in bovine milk : pharmacokinetics of exogenous melatonin in lactating cows and goats
Insect clocks
Introducing biological rhythms : a primer on the temporal organization on life, with implications for health, society, reproduction and the natural environment
Serum cortisol levels in goats exhibit seasonal but not daily rhythmicity
Circadian rhythm disruptions and health
Northern light and northern times : Swedish leadership in the foundation of biological rhythms research
Circadian rhythms and carbon acquisition in the red algae Kappaphycus alvarezii and Eucheuma denticulatum
Music meets medicine : the XXI Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 20-22, 2007
Rhythms in plants : phenomenology, mechanisms, and adaptive significance
The roles of chronobiological and socioeconomic factors in the occurrence of cerebrovascular diseases
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
The physiological clock : endogenous diurnal rhythms and biological chronometry
The mathematical structure of the human sleep-wake cycle
Human needs and the nursing process. [1.]
Geo-cosmic relations - the earth and its macro-environment : proceedings of the first International Congress on Geo-Cosmic Relations
Genetics and molecular biology of rhythms in Drosophila and other insects
Principles and applications of domestic animal behavior : an introductory text
Biological rhythms, sleep, and performance
Influences of artificial light on Atlantic salmon (Salmo Salar L.) in seawater
Daily and seasonal rhythms of melatonin, cortisol, leptin, free fatty acids and glycerol in goats
Diel periodicity in Chymomyza costata (Zett.) (Diptera, Drosophilidae) in the subarctic
Handbook of behavioral neurobiology. Vol. 12, Circadian clocks
Diurnal and vertical grazing activity of mesozooplankton dur ing summer on the SW coast of Finland
Sleep and wakefulness
Biological rhythms in birds : neural and endocrine aspects
Circadian rhythms of locomotor activity in aquatic organisms in the subarctic summer
Circadian clock genes in mammalian clockwork, metabolism and behaviour
Circadian rhythmicity : proceedings of the international symposium on circadian rhythmicity, Wageningen, the Netherlands, 26-29 April 1971
Sleep, the gentle tyrant
Diurnal rhythm of melatonin in young calves and intake of melatonin in milk
The comparative patterns of linkade disequilibrium in European populations and its implication for genetic association studies
The role of the circadian clock in adaptation in seasonally changing environment in Drosophila montana
Music and biological rhythms
