http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1662 arson
arson
Point of origin
Dead as a doornail
She was just 17, a high school dropout named Milly Jones, found walking down the middle of the highway, engulfed in flames. Even in a tough Mississippi county like Tibbehah, it shatters the community, and it is up to Sheriff Quinn Colson, back on the job after a year away, and his deputy Lillie Virgil, to investigate what happened, and why. Before long, however, accusations start to fly; national media and federal authorities descend; and what seemed like a senseless act of violence begins to appear like something even more disturbing - with more victims waiting in the shadows.
The rat on fire
The burning
Firesetting and mental health : theory, research and practice
Destruction of evidence
Fire-raising : its motivation and management
Safer than houses
Before the storm
Playing with fire : an inspector Banks mystery
In the dead of night, three raging fires light up the city skies. It's more than a tragic coincidence. For DI Helen Grace the flames announce the arrival of an evil she has never encountered before. Because this is no firestarter seeking sick thrills, but something more chilling: a series of carefully calculated acts of murder. But why were the victims chosen? What's driving the killer? And who will be next? A powder keg of fear, suspicion and dread has been laid. Now all it needs is a spark to set it off . . .
The psychology of firesetting : a review and appraisal
Torch
Skies of ash
Daddy's gone a hunting : a novel
The innocents
The edge of the shadows
A prospective follow-up study of alcoholic violent offenders and fire setters
Into the fire
Dead and buried
The mystery of the burnt cottage
The Tinder box
Lords of chaos : the bloody rise of the satanic metal underground
Linking arson incidents on the basis of crime scene behaviour
The Shakespeare secret
The incendiary's trail
John the Painter : terrorist of the American revolution
A taint in the blood
Finnish pretrial fire-setting offenders : psychiatric characteristics and criminal recidivism
The wire in the blood
Someone to watch over me
Fire and sword
The fire engine that disappeared
DCI Banks: playing with fire
The temple of the golden pavilion
