http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16682 differential geometry
differential geometry
Differential geometry
Mathematics with Mathcad PLUS 6.0
Tensor analysis on manifolds
Differential geometry : a first course
Anomalies in quantum field theory
Differential geometry : curves, surfaces, manifolds
Optimal regularity of solutions to Poisson equations on metric measure spaces and an application
A differential approach to geometry : geometric trilogy III
A comprehensive introduction to differential geometry. Vol. 3
Introduction to differential geometry for engineers
Introduction to differential geometry
Applications of differential geometry to econometrics
Calculus of one variable
Inequalities for differential forms
A comprehensive introduction to differential geometry. Vol. 4
At the edge of space and time : exploring the b-boundary in general relativity
Curves and surfaces
Handbook of mathematical formulas and integrals
An introduction to differential geometry with use of the tensor calculus
A comprehensive introduction to differential geometry. Vol. 5
On the Minkowski problem and the lightcurve operator
Riemannian geometry : a modern introduction
Calculus and Algebra with Mathcad 8
Differential geometry of curves and surfaces : a concise guide
Differential geometry and statistics
The aim of this graduate-level text is to equip the reader with the basic tools and techniques needed for research in various areas of geometric analysis. Throughout, the main theme is to present the interaction of partial differential equations and differential geometry. More specifically, emphasis is placed on how the behavior of the solutions of a PDE is affected by the geometry of the underlying manifold and vice versa. For efficiency the author mainly restricts himself to the linear theory and only a rudimentary background in Riemannian geometry and partial differential equations is assumed.
Modern differential geometry of curves and surfaces with Mathematica
Geometry, topology, and physics
The shapes of things : a practical guide to differential geometry and the shape derivative
A short course in differential geometry and topology
Pythagorean-hodograph curves : algebra and geometry inseparable
Differential geometry in statistical inference
Optimal transport : old and new
Collected papers. Vol. 1, Geometry
Calculus with analytical geometry
Geometric analysis
Understanding engineering mathematics
Geometric analysis of hyperbolic differential equations : an introduction
Differential Geometry
On the frenet theory of plane fields in Hilbert space
Lectures on surfaces : (almost) everything you wanted to know about them
Elementary differential geometry
Lectures on classical differential geometry
Poincaré duality for open sets in Euclidean spaces
Differential geometry : a geometric introduction
Methods of information geometry
Geometry, topology and physics
Stochastic analysis on manifolds
Newnes Mathematics Pocket Book for Engineers
Introducing Pure Mathematics
Numerical geometry of images : theory, algorithms, and applications
Basic technical mathematics with Calculus SI version
On the numerical solution of PDE on curved surfaces and its application
Curves and singularities : a geometrical introduction to singularity theory
A comprehensive introduction to differential geometry. Vol. 1
Differential geometry and mathematical physics : AMS-CMS Special Session on Geometric Methods in Mathematical Physics August 15-19, 1993 Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Curvature and Betti numbers
Geometry from a differentiable viewpoint
Differential-geometrical methods in statistics
The book introduces all of the key tools and concepts from Lorentzian geometry (metrics, null frames, deformation tensors, etc.) and provides complete elementary proofs. The author also discusses applications to topics in nonlinear equations, including null conditions and stability of Minkowski space. The field of nonlinear hyperbolic equations or systems has seen a tremendous development since the beginning of the 1980s. We are concentrating here on multidimensional situations, and on quasilinear equations or systems, that is, when the coefficients of the principal part depend on the unknown function itself. The pioneering works by F. John, D. Christodoulou, L. Hörmander, S. Klainerman, A. Majda and many others have been devoted mainly to the questions of blowup, lifespan, shocks, global existence, etc. Some overview of the classical results can be found in the books of Majda [42] and Hörmander [24]. On the other hand, Christodoulou and Klainerman [18] proved in around 1990 the stability of Minkowski space, a striking mathematical result about the Cauchy problem for the Einstein equations. After that, many works have dealt with diagonal systems of quasilinear wave equations, since this is what Einstein equations reduce to when written in the so-called harmonic coordinates. The main feature of this particular case is that the (scalar) principal part of the system is a wave operator associated to a unique Lorentzian metric on the underlying space-time.
Pure mathematics book 2
The aim of this book is to provide a comprehensive account of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory and its relations with Diophantine approximation theory for graduate students and interested researchers. This book with nine chapters systematically describes Nevanlinna theory of meromorphic maps between algebraic varieties or complex spaces, building up from the classical theory of meromorphic functions on the complex plane with full proofs in Chap. 1 to the current state of research. Chapter 2 presents the First Main Theorem for coherent ideal sheaves in a very general form. With the preparation of plurisubharmonic functions, how the theory to be generalized in a higher dimension is described. In Chap. 3 the Second Main Theorem for differentiably non-degenerate meromorphic maps by Griffiths and others is proved as a prototype of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory. Establishing such a Second Main Theorem for entire curves in general complex algebraic varieties is a wide-open problem. In Chap. 4, the Cartan-Nochka Second Main Theorem in the linear projective case and the Logarithmic Bloch-Ochiai Theorem in the case of general algebraic varieties are proved. Then the theory of entire curves in semi-abelian varieties, including the Second Main Theorem of Noguchi-Winkelmann-Yamanoi, is dealt with in full details in Chap.6. For that purpose Chap.5 is devoted to the notion of semi-abelian varieties. The result leads to a number of applications. With these results, the Kobayashi hyperbolicity problems are discussed in Chap.7. In the last two chapters Diophantine approximation theory is dealt with from the viewpoint of higher dimensional Nevanlinna theory, and the Lang-Vojta conjecture is confirmed in some cases. In Chap.8 the theory over function fields is discussed. Finally, in Chap.9 the theorems of Roth, Schmidt, Faltings, and Vojta over number fields are presented and formulated in view of Nevanlinna theory with results motivated by those in Chaps. 4, 6, 7.
Surveys in differential geometry. Vol. 19, Regularity and evolution of nonlinear equations : essays dedicated to Richard Hamilton, Leon Simon, and Karen Uhlenbeck
Mostly surfaces
Introductory differential geometry for physicists
Nevanlinna theory in several complex variables and diophantine approximation
A comprehensive introduction to differential geometry. Vol. 2
Strong regularity of a family of face-to-face partitions generated by the longest-edge bisection algorithm
This book is a new edition of a title originally published in 1992. No other book has been published that treats inverse spectral and inverse scattering results by using the so called Poisson summation formula and the related study of singularities. This book presents these in a closed and comprehensive form, and the exposition is based on a combination of different tools and results from dynamical systems, microlocal analysis, spectral and scattering theory. The content of the first edition is still relevant, however the new edition will include several new results established after 1992; new text will comprise about a third of the content of the new edition. The main chapters in the first edition in combination with the new chapters will provide a better and more comprehensive presentation of importance for the applications inverse results. These results are obtained by modern mathematical techniques which will be presented together in order to give the readers the opportunity to completely understand them. Moreover, some basic generic properties established by the authors after the publication of the first edition establishing the wide range of applicability of the Poison relation will be presented for first time in the new edition of the book.
Fractals in biology and medicine
Differential geometry of curves and surfaces
Non-smooth curvature and the energy of frames
Knots, links, braids and 3-manifolds : an introduction to the new invariants in low-dimensional topology
A first course in differential geometry
This book presents the classical theory of curves in the plane and three-dimensional space, and the classical theory of surfaces in three-dimensional space. It pays particular attention to the historical development of the theory and the preliminary approaches that support contemporary geometrical notions. It includes a chapter that lists a very wide scope of plane curves and their properties. The book approaches the threshold of algebraic topology, providing an integrated presentation fully accessible to undergraduate-level students. At the end of the 17th century, Newton and Leibniz developed differential calculus, thus making available the very wide range of differentiable functions, not just those constructed from polynomials. During the 18th century, Euler applied these ideas to establish what is still today the classical theory of most general curves and surfaces, largely used in engineering. Enter this fascinating world through amazing theorems and a wide supply of surprising examples. Reach the doors of algebraic topology by discovering just how an integer (the Euler-Poincare characteristics) associated with a surface gives you a lot of interesting information on the shape of the surface. And penetrate the intriguing world of Riemannian geometry, the geometry that underlies the theory of relativity. The book is of interest to all those who teach classical differential geometry up to quite an advanced level. The chapter on Riemannian geometry is of great interest to those who have to intuitively introduce students to the highly technical nature of this branch of mathematics, in particular when preparing students for courses on relativity.
Riemannian geometry
The geometry of physics : an introduction
Fractals in biology and medicine. Vol. 2
On noncommutative BRST-complex and superconnection character forms
Second year calculus : from celestial mechanics to special relativity
Differential geometry and its applications
Geometry of the generalized geodesic flow and inverse spectral problems
Differential geometry : curves - surfaces - manifolds
Linear and nonlinear functional analysis with applications : with 401 problems and 52 figures
11 Yugoslav geometrical seminar : invited papers
