http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16629 inland water fishing
inland water fishing
Inland fisheries management in North America
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa. 2008-2009 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland
Inland fisheries
Report of the fifteenth session of the committee for inland fisheries and aquaculture of Africa : Lusaka, Zambia, 9-11 December 2008 = Rapport de la quinzieme session du Comité des pêches continentales et de l'aquaculture pour l'Afrique : Lusaka, Zambie, 9-11 décembre 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
Report of the twentieth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998.
Report of the twenty-seventh Session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Comission : Hämeenlinna, Finland, 24-26 October 2012.
Report of the Symposium on Fisheries and Society : social, economic and cultural perspectives of inland fisheries : Budapest, Hungary, 1-3 June 2000
Inland capture fisheries of the USSR
Report of the twenty-third session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Wierzba, Poland, 26 May-2 June 2004.
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas 2016-2017 : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
Report of the FAO workshop on vulnerable ecosystems and destructive fishing in deep-sea fisheries : Rome, 26-29 June 2007
Mountain fisheries in developing countries
The workshop received presentations of the Frame Survey methods used in Zimbabwe and Zambia which included data analysis, fish taxonomy, socio-economics and fish diseases. A number of areas of concern regarding harmonization of methodology between the two countries were identified and the workshop made recommendations on improving the Frame Survey in Lake Kariba.--Publisher's description.
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district-management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Review of tropical reservoirs and their fisheries : the cases of Lake Nasser, Lake Volta and Indo-Gangetic Basin reservoir
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Inland and coastal waters of Finland
Trends in Finnish ethnology
Tilapias as alien aquatics in Asia and the Pacific : a review
Report of the Tenth Session of the Sub-Committee for Lake Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambia, 28-31 October 2003 = Rapport de la Dixième Session du Sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 28-31 octobre 2003
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the Cites Criteria for Listing Commercially Exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 28-30 June 2000 = Rapport de la Consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la cites Rome, 28-30 juin 2000 = Informe de la Consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la cites para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente Roma, 28-30 de junio de 2000.
Report of the Planning Workshop for the Joint Frame Survey for Lake Kariba : Siavonga, Zambia, 11-12 October 2007.
Report of the Ninth Session of the Sub-Committee for Lake Tanganyika : Dar-es-Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania, 27-30 November 2001 = Rapport de la neuvième Session du sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika : Dar-es-Salaam, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 27-30 novembre 2001
Irish fisheries investigations. Series A, Freshwater
Report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling for Capture Fisheries, Rome, 3-5 March 2008.
Report of the twenty-third session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 15-19 February 1999.
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland. 2002-2003
Factors affecting the development and structure of monogenean communities on cyprinid fish
Report of the second Meeting of Regional Fishery Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 9-10 March 2009.
Report of the Pilot Workshop on the Application of Biotelemetry to Fish Studies for the Management of Inland Fisheries in West Africa : Sélingué, Mali, 29 January - 10 February 2001.
Report of the twenty-first session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Budapest, Hungary, 1-7 June 2000
Determining the optimal release window for lake-stocked brown trout : interactions between release size, prey availability, predation risks and fishing mortality
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Report of the third Meeting of Regional Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 7-8 February 2011.
This technical paper presents the findings of a study on inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia. It discusses current policies and potential livelihood-enhancing policy interventions. The study was conducted in 2008 under a partnership between Portsmouth University, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO). The paper examines the evolution of the Central Asian fisheries sector, showing how it was one of - if not the most - acutely affected sectors by the deterioration in the economic environment after the collapse of the former Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics in 1991. Examples are given of livelihood or coping strategies that have evolved for those persons who currently derive an income from the sector. Three distinct groupings are highlighted in the examples presented: the Kazakh "fisher brigades" based on the North Aral Sea, the "community" fishers of Kyrgyz Republic and the pond culturalists of the Republic of Tajikistan. The livelihood strategies of each group and the particular constraints each group faces are documented. A concluding chapter identifies the prerequisites for more effective livelihood-supporting policy interventions within the fisheries sphere across the Central Asian republics.
Review of the state of world aquaculture
An audit of inland capture fishery statistics : Africa
Stock assessment in inland fisheries
Inland fisheries under the impact of irrigated agriculture : Central Asia
Report of the thirteenth session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Entebbe, Uganda, 27-30 October 2004 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité des pêches continentales pour l'Afrique : Entebbe, Ouganda, 27-30 octobre 2004
Report of the thirteenth session of the Joint EIFAC/ICES Working Group on Eels : Copenhagen, Denmark, 28-31 August 2001
Inland fisheries : ecology and management
Report of the regional workshop on inland fisheries and aquaculture in Central Asia : status and development prospects, Beymelek, Turkey, 11-14 December 2007
Report of the first special session of the European Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture Advisory Commission : Rome, 27 October 2011.
The complete guide to freshwater fishing
Inland fisheries livelihoods in Central Asia : policy interventions and opportunities
Report of the Fourteenth Session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Accra, Ghana, 22-24 November 2006 = : Rapport de la quatorzième session du Comité des péches continentales pour l'Afrique : Accra, Ghana, 22-24 novembre 2006.
Report of the Ad hoc Technical Consultation of the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavonga, Republic of Zambia, 19-20 November 2002.
The Finnish inland fisheries system : the outcomes of private ownership of fishing rights and of changes in administrative practices
John Bailey's complete guide to fishing : the fish, the tackle & the techniques
Inland fishery enhancements in China : methods and effects of socio-economic and institutional factors
Africa's inland fisheries : the management challenge
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Report of the twenty-second session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002
Report of the Symposium on Inland Fisheries Management and the Aquatic Environment : the effects of fisheries management on freshwater ecosystems, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-15 June 2002 : held in connection with the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission Twenty-second Session, Windermere, United Kingdom, 12-19 June 2002.
Habitat rehabilitation for inland fisheries : global review of effectiveness and guidance for rehabilitation of freshwater ecosystems
Report of the Twenty-sixth Session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission, Zagreb, 17-20 May 2010.
Credit and microfinance needs in inland capture fisheries development and conservation in Asia
Synopsis of biological data on the Tor mahseer Tor tor (Hamilton, 1822)
Review of the state of the world fishery resources : inland fisheries
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 1, Synthesis report
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
Report of the Technical Consultation between Malawi, Mozambique and Tanzania on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Malawi/Niassa/Nyasa : Mangochi, Republic of Malawi, 17-19 June 2003.
Report of the eight Session of the Sub-committee for Lake Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 18-21 May 1999 = Rapport de la huitiéme session duSous-Comité pour le lac Tanganyika : Lusaka, Zambie, 18-21 mai 1999
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Report of the Second Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Kariba, Zimbabwe, 30 November-1 December 2004.
Management of coregonid fisheries : multiform and multispecies problems
Report of the twenty-fifth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Antalya, Turkey, 21-28 May 2008.
Report of the eleventh session of the Committee for Inland Fisheries of Africa : Abuja, Nigeria, 24-27 October 2000
Report of the eleventh session of the Sub-committee for Lake Tanganyika, Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo, 25-28 April 2006 = : Rapport de la onzième session du Sous-comité pour le Lac Tanganyika, Kinshasa, Republique démocratique du Congo, 25-28 avril 2006.
Report of the Symposium on Water for Sustainable Inland Fisheries and Aquaculture : Praia do Carvoeiro, Portugal, 23 June - 1 July 1998
Report of the twenty-fourth session of the European Inland Fisheries Advisory Commission : Mondsee, Austria, 14 - 21 June 2006.
Salmonid fisheries : freshwater habitat management
Inland capture fisheries and aquaculture in the Republic of Uzbekistan : current status and planning
Efficiency, risk and regulation compliance : applications to Lake Victoria fisheries in Tanzania
Papers contributed to the regional symposium on sustainable development of inland fisheries under environmental constraints : Bangkok, Thailand, 19-21 October 1994 = Country reports presented at the Sixth session of the IPFC Working Party of Experts on Inland Fisheries : Bangkok Thailand, 17-21 October 1994.
Management, co-management or no management? : major dilemmas in southern African freshwater fisheries. 2, Case studies
Inland fisheries evolution and management : case studies from four continents
Geographic information systems in fisheries management and planning
The complete fishing manual
Review of fisheries and aquaculture development potentials in Armenia
Cold water fisheries in the trans-Himalayan countries
Sustainable fish production in Lake Nasser : ecological basis and management policy
John Bailey's beginners' guide to fishing
