http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16613 circadian rhythm
circadian rhythm
The impact of light on the secretion of melatonin in humans
Circadian rhythms and health research trends
Most advice centers on what to do, or how to do it, and ignores the when of success. But exciting new research proves there is a right time to do just about everything, based on our biology and hormones. As Dr. Michael Breus proves in The power of when, working with your body's inner clock for maximum health, happiness, and productivity is easy, exciting, and fun. The power of when presents a groundbreaking new program for getting back in sync with your natural rhythm by making minor changes to your daily routine. After you've taken Dr. Breus's comprehensive Bio-Time Quiz to figure out your chronotype (are you a Bear, Lion, Dolphin or Wolf?), you'll find out the best time to do over 50 different activities. Featuring a foreword by Mehmet C. Oz, MD, and packed with fascinating facts, fun personality quizzes, and easy-to-follow guidelines, The power of when is the ultimate "lifehack" to help you achieve your goals.
Metabolic and hormonal factors related to hypertensive pregnancy : special attention to insulin resistance, sympathetic over-activity, and hyperandrogenism
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Neuromuscular and hormonal adaptations to resistance training : special effects of time of day of training
Evening owls have increased odds for both psychiatric and somatic illnesses
A study of candidate genes in depression and disturbed sleep
Rhythms of life : the biological clocks that control the daily lives of every living thing
Circadian and histaminergic regulation of the sleep-wakefulness cycle
Summary.
Epidemiological data of seasonal variation in mood and behaviour
Circadian rhythm disruptions and health
Ambulatory blood pressure : association with metabolic risk indicators, renal function and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Effects of rapid eye movement sleep deprivation on the feeding behavior in the laboratory rat with a description of the cuff pedestal technique
Wide awake at 3:00 a.m.: by choice or by chance?
Clinical use of urinary gonadotropin determinations in children and adolescents
The power of when : discover your chronotype - and the best time to eat lunch, ask for a raise, have sex, write a novel, take your meds, and more
Molecular and biophysical mechanisms of arousal, alertness, and attention
The daily rhythms of melatonin and free fatty acids in goats under varying photoperiods and constant darkness
Drug treatment for circadian rhythm sleep disorders
Completed and attempted suicides in relation to weather and daylight in Finland : register based study from 1969 to 2010
Daily and seasonal rhythms of melatonin, cortisol, leptin, free fatty acids and glycerol in goats
24/7 : late capitalism and the ends of sleep
Seasonal alterations in circadian melatonin rhythms of the European wild boar and domestic gilt
ANIMALS AT NIGHT / RAY
Measuring Dopamine and Melatonin Concentrations from the Mouse Retina : Descriptive Literature Review
The metronomic society : natural rhythms and human timetables
Biological rhythms in birds : neural and endocrine aspects
The Belly Melt Diet : the 6-week plan to harness your body's natural rhythms to lose weight for good!
Circadian rhythms of locomotor activity in aquatic organisms in the subarctic summer
Circadian clock genes in mammalian clockwork, metabolism and behaviour
Optimal schedule for home blood pressure measurements and clinical significance of the variability in home-measured blood pressure and heart rate
Time : the impact on body and soul : the XX Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 22-24, 2005
Night-time melatonin secretion and seasonally delayed puberty in gilts
The comparative patterns of linkade disequilibrium in European populations and its implication for genetic association studies
Environmental factors modulating cold tolerance, gene expression and metabolism in Drosophila montana
Behaviour and physiology of fish
The role of the circadian clock in adaptation in seasonally changing environment in Drosophila montana
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
