http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16612 family rehabilitation
family rehabilitation
Love on the rocks : men, women, and alcohol in post-World War II America
The Welfare of Children with Mentally Ill Parents examines the interventions made by professional workers from a range of different disciplines in families with dependent children and a mentally ill parent. The authors compare responses of professionals in ten European countries and one state in Australia. The analysis of the differences sheds new light on both the inherent and system-determined difficulties in helping families to manage their situation effectively. Features the only comparative study of mental health social services and the law governing compulsory hospital admission Covers a current "hot-button" topic that is growing in importance as the impact of social policy developments on children over time becomes more apparent Offers a unique perspective due to the focus on the impact of children of mentally ill parents and the international systems that deal with child protection.
Abstract: Identification and psychosocial support of families at psychosocial risk at maternity and child health centers.
Psychiatric-mental health nursing
Rehabilitation nursing : prevention, intervention, and outcomes
Counseling in communication disorders : a wellness perspective
Family therapy and schizophrenia in public mental health care
English summary.
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease : focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Best practice occupational therapy for children and families in community settings
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Treating alcoholism
Communicating without speech : practical augmentative and alternative communication
Beautiful boy : a father's journey through his son's meth addiction
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Treating troubled children and their families
Prisoners once removed : the impact of incarceration and reentry on children, families, and communities
Early focus : working with young children who are blind or visually impaired and their families
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Psychosocial nursing : care of physically ill patients and their families
Families in rehabilitation counseling : a community-based rehabilitation approach
The environment of schizophrenia : innovations on practice, policy and communications
Violent fathering and the risks to children : the need for change / Lynne Harne
Empowering families of children with asthma through adaptation training
The harmful effects of parental substance abuse on children
Family caregivers of persons with Alzheimer's disease: focusing on the sense of coherence and adaptation to caregiving : an ALSOVA follow-up study
Deaf-blind reality : living the life
The welfare of children with mentally ill parents : learning from inter-country comparisons
Principles and practice of psychiatric nursing
Abstract: Multi professional cooperation supporting families having specific neurological difficulties.
Group counseling for parents of deaf and hearing impaired children
Supporting the families of children with autism
Overcoming autism : finding the answers, strategies, and hope that can transform a child's life
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Abstract: The purpose of this final project was to describe the harmful effects of parental substance abuse from child perspective as having to grow up in a substance abusing family is considered as child maltreatment. In addition, the trends in parental substance abuse and the children's visibility in the treatment cycle were stressed as the data was gathered from Järvenpää Addiction Hospital's children's treatment documents.    This study is of qualitative nature including 80 treatment documents from two decades that were processed using content analysis. The theoretical framework was drawn from the attachment theory and especially concentrating on the attachment disturbances.    The findings were reflected against earlier studies and the attachment theory. The results indicated that the four major emotional harms that had risen from previous studies were visible in the treatment documents as well; insecurity, restlessness, anxiety and aggression. Additionally, the children had frequently encountered different traumatising experiences such as domestic violence that then had exposed them to psychosomatic symptoms.    To conclude, the attachment relationship between the parent and the child plays a significant role in the child's development and the substance abuse of a parent may cause attachment disturbances to the child. Therefore, the child perspective in a substance abusing family should not be belittled as the children are habitually suffering severe harm that may affect them throughout their lifespan.
This is an introductory text on mental health and deafness for care workers and mental health workers, both those familiar with deaf people but not with mental health and those familiar with mental health but not with deaf people. It covers a wide range of mental health issues as they relate to deafness and is divided into two sections. The first, Assessment, includes topics ranging from child and adolescent psychiatry, adult psychiatry, children who are deaf and have multiple disabilities, addictive behaviour and deafness, to maltreatment of deaf children. The second section, Management and Intervention, discusses interpreters in mental health settings, educational interventions, family therapy and drug treatments. The contributors to this book, some of who are deaf themselves, come from a range of professional disciplines and are international experts in their fields.
Family group conferencing : new directions in community-centered child and family practice
Home-based treatment : in the life stories of Finnish young people
Most stories about disabled people are written for the sake of being inspirational. These stories tend to focus on some achievement, such as sports or academics, but rarely do they give a true and complete view of the challenges individuals must deal with on a daily basis. For example: How does a deaf-blind person interact with hearing-sighted people at a family reunion? How does she shop for groceries? What goes through his mind when he enters a classroom full of non-handicapped peers? These aren’t questions you are likely to find answers to while reading that incredible tale of success. They are, however, issues that a deaf-blind person wishes others understood. Deaf-Blind Reality: Living the Life explores what life is really like for persons with a combination of vision and hearing loss, and in a few cases, other disabilities as well. Editor Scott M. Stoffel presents extensive interviews with 12 deaf-blind individuals, including himself, who live around the world, from Missouri to New Zealand, Louisiana to South Africa, and Ohio to England. These contributors each describe their families’ reactions and the support they received; their experiences in school and entering adulthood; and how they coped with degeneration, ineffective treatments, and rehabilitation. Each discusses their personal education related to careers, relationships, and communication, including those with cochlear implants. Deaf-Blind Reality offers genuine understanding of the unspectacular but altogether daunting challenges of daily life for deaf-blind people.
Most therapists have experience with wives, girlfriends, and children of violent men, never suspecting that domestic violence offenders can be women too. In Domestic Violence Treatment for Abusive Women , Bowen challenges us to re-think our gender and violence, and constructs and guides clinicians through the emerging field of treatment of female abusers. Unlike other books designed for male clients that may be adapted to women, this book is specifically written for use with women, with handouts and exercises created from the author's own clinical experience. It is deliberately designed to give clinicians knowledge to deal with all aspects of female domestic violence, from dealing with their first client to filling out paperwork correctly. The first part of the book is dedicated to defining female violence and helping readers overcome pre-existing gender stereotypes. The second part provides a framework for everything a therapist needs in order to set up and facilitate a domestic violence treatment program for women. As a whole, Domestic Violence Treatment for Abusive Women helps the licensed mental health professional understand women's domestic violence and offers step-by-step direction for successful therapy.
Family-centredness in services and rehabilitation planning for children and youth with cerebral palsy in Finland
The Harmful Effects of Parental Substance Abuse on Children
Social  work in health and mental health : issues, developments and actions
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Psychiatric rehabilitation
Counseling the communicatively disabled and their families : (a manual for clinicians)
Domestic violence treatment for abusive women : a treatment manual
Foundations of aural rehabilitation : children, adults, and their family members
Counseling persons with communication disorders and their families
Mental health and deafness
Head injury rehabilitation : a community team perspective
Hoitotiede 1991 : Pro Nursing ry:n vuosikirja : International nursing conference
Rebuilding lives after domestic violence : understanding long-term outcomes
Children with functional motor limitations : a three-level approach
Current family policy approaches emphasise the significance of paternal involvement in children's lives, yet there has been a silence on violent and abusive fathering in these discourses. This is the first UK book to specifically focus on violent fathering discussing original research in the context of domestic violence. Violent fathering and the risks to children examines fathers' perceptions of their domestic violence and its impact on children, their relationships with children and their parenting practices. It looks at fathers' reasons for wanting contact with children post-separation, abusive parenting practices during child contact and the impacts of perpetrator programmes on the fathers' own perceptions of their abuse. It also discusses abused mothers' perceptions of their ex-partners parenting. The author recommends ways that policy and practice can be improved in order to safeguard children in family law and child protection practice through a better understanding of the risks posed and appropriate assessment of violent fathers as parents. This book will be of interest to academics and students in family and child welfare policy, socio-legal studies, social work, criminology, gender studies and other disciplines with an interest in domestic violence and child protection. It will also be also be of considerable value to professionals working in this area.
Community as doctor : new perspectives on a therapeutic community
The mental health consequences of torture
