http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16689 polyurethane
polyurethane
Characterization of thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers depending on processing conditions
The polyurethanes book
The aging of polyurethanes
Treatment and disposal of polyurethane wastes : options for recovery and recycling
Chemistry and technology of polyols for polyurethanes
Tiivistelmä: Characterization of thermoplastic polyurethane elastomers depending on processing conditions.
Eco-profiles of the European plastics industry. Report 9, Polyurethane precursors (TDI, MDI, polyols)
Screw gluing Kerto-LVL structures with polyurethane
Abstract: Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need. The purpose of this study was to document and evaluate the need for preservation of the plastic house called Futuro. For this purpose, a survey of condition was done, illustrated with damage mapping. The damage mapping helps to localize the damages and perceive the extent of the deterioration. Finally, a preliminary guideline for future possible conservation measures was drafted.  The documentation was carried out in writing and with photographs. Panoramic pictures of every room were digitally stitched together to enable the 360° rotational view. The condition survey was done in writing and drawing, observing the house visually. The evaluation of the preservation need was done considering Futuro's history, image, rareness and attractiveness.  The documentation of Futuro house no. 001 design, technology, materials and damages is now compiled in one study. Its damages have been noted down and and analysed. The house was estimated to be in surprisingly good condition. It has not been in constant use nor in regular maintenance. Preliminary recommendations for future possible conservation acts were given.  The Futuro house was considered to have architectural and cultural value and its preservation should be safeguarded for the future generations. There are only three other Futuros known to exist in Finland. The fact that Futuro no. 001 is the first Futuro ever made after manufacturing the prototype in the 1968 makes it even more valuable. It has also remained in its very authentic state.
Fouling of polymer surfaces in paper machine wet end
Non-halogenated fire retardants for two component polyurethane adhesive
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
Castable polyurethane elastomers
Handbook of polymeric foams and foam technology
Polyurethane and fire : fire performance testing under enduse conditions
Pur facts : conservation of polyurethane foam in art and design
This book considers the raw materials used to build the polyurethane polymeric architecture. It covers the chemistry and technology of oligo-polyol fabrication, the characteristics of the various oligo-polyol families and the effects of the oligo-polyol structure on the properties of the resulting polyurethane. It presents the details of oligo-polyol synthesis, and explains the chemical and physico-chemical subtleties of oligo-polyol fabrication. This book will be of interest to all specialists working with polyols for the manufacture of polyurethanes and to all researchers that would like to know more about polyol chemistry.
Futuro no. 001 : documentation and evaluation of preservation needs
Polyurethanes as specialty chemicals : principles and applications
Aqueous polyurethane dispersions : preparation, characterisation and properties
Functionalized polyurethane-based films and coatings
