http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16675 mycobacteria
mycobacteria
Collins and Lyne's microbiological methods
Detection of Chlamydia trachomatis and Mycoplasma genitalium by genetic and serological methods
Clinical and immunological studies in patients with atypical mycobacterial isolations
Detection of harmful microbes and their metabolites with novel methods in the agri-food production chain
Characterization of actinobacteria degrading and tolerating organic pollutants
Mycobacteria in boreal soil and water environments
Applications of DNA-based methods for typing and identification of nontuberculous mycobacteria
Noncommunicable Diseases
Isolation and automated ribotyping of Mycobacterium lentiflavum from drinking water distribution system and clinical specimens
Synthesis of O-linked carbasugar analogues of galactofuranosides and N-linked neodisaccharides
Diseases of the respiratory system often cause multisystem dysfunction and morbidity. Respiratory diseases not transmissible by a direct contact are rarer than those of inflammatory or infectious background. Such noncommunicable diseases, often entailing genetic and immune aspects, are areas of limited understanding; sarcoidosis being a case in point. This book tackles the issues relevant to such diseases. The research on novel cytokine markers, which may help in the diagnosis and management of sarcoidosis, is described. Modern approaches to the management of pneumothorax, a frequent accompaniment of lung diseases or chest wall trauma are dealt with as well. There are also chapters that underscore the immuno-inflammatory mechanisms of disorders seemingly unrelated to respiration, such as obesity or aplastic anemia, which may appreciably affect the control of the respiratory system and thus its vulnerability to diseases. The book will be of interest to clinicians and medical researchers.
Opportunistic infections : treatment and prophylaxis
Infectious diseases in Finland 1995-2009
Actinobacterial communities of boreal forest soil and lake water are rich in mycobacteria
Biochemical Roles of Eukaryotic Cell Surface Macromolecules
Molecular genetics of mycobacteria
Impact of the human bacterial environment on mycobacteriosis and allergy
Hot topics in infection and immunity in children. VIII
Microbiology : PreTest self-assessment and review
Genetic studies on primary immunodeficiency diseases
The ecology of mycobacteria
Fatty acid based identification and characterisation of slowly growing environmental mycobacteria
Polychlorinated phenols degrading mycobacteria and sphingomonads : taxonomic and biodegradative properties
Emerging foodborne pathogens
Case studies in infectious disease
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume l, Bacterial agents
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
