http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16677 common areas
common areas
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Reinventing the third way : towards new forms of economic and democratic conduct
Barents : the Barents Euro-Arctic Region
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
The effectiveness of the Arctic Council
Barents tourism : action plan (2nd edition)
School, Culture and Well-Being ArctiChildren Research and Development Findings from Northern Finland, Sweden and Norway, and North-West Russia
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
"The planning and resource management of common or public areas are fraught with difficulty. This book explores the long, complex, and frequently contentious history of public lands management in the United States in order to draw lessons for the emerging field of marine spatial planning (MSP)"--
Structural development and regional concentration of agriculture in Finland in 1975-2008
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Geographical information systems and science
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
The vision that became reality : the regional Barents Cooperation 1993-2003
Promoting regional engagement of universities : experiences of A.S.A.P. work package 4
Planning theory
Conversion handbook for the Baltic Sea Region
The effects of R&D cooperation and labour mobility on innovation
National security and international environmental cooperation in the Arctic - the case of the Northern Sea Route
APPROACHES TO REGIONAL DEVELOPMENT : TWO DECADES OF RESEARCH
Conclutions of the 4 th conference on Baltic sea states subregional co-operation : Vaasa, Finland. 17-18th October 1996.
Northern communities and the global economy
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Catchment forest management in the East Usambara mountains
Motivations of marine euroregional cooperation : the case of the Baltic Sea Region
New challenges and global problems in the Arctic
Politics of development in the Barents region
Cross-Border Cooperation and interaction between Southeast Finland and its Neighbouring Region of Leningrad Oblast' and St. Petersburg
Arctic governance  in an evolving Arctic region : a proposal
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
The borderless North : proceedings of the Fourth Northern Research Forum
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Commons protected for or from the people : co-management in the Swedish mountain region?
New ways to respond to climate change in the Arctic
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Abstract: From togetherness to project activity : a case study on the development of a neighbourhood in Kainuu and the role of physical activity in joint planning.
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
World dynamics
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Urban commons : rethinking the city
From vision to functional relationships in the Barents Region
'Barents Euro-Arctic cooperation: administrators meet scientists' : sixth annual Seminar of the Arctic Graduate School, Arktis : 7-8th of April 2008, Rovaniemi, Finland : abstract book
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
The Barents programme 1994.
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Arctic Environmental Cooperation. Study in Governmentality
From the forest to the sea : public lands management and marine spatial planning
Arctic Europe : bringing together the EU arctic policy and Nordic cooperation
Understanding Earth's polar challenges : International Polar Year 2007-2008 : summary
Cross-border Cooperation in Barents Tourism: Insights from Finnish Lapland
Regions and innovation policy
Resource exploitation in the Arctic : incorrect diagnoses, misinterpretations  and wrong solutions – how to avoid these?
Regional development and regional policy: European Union and the Baltic Sea region
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
Urban networking as a learning process in the Baltic Sea Region : case of Kotka
Local environmental activities within and across borders : Union of the Baltic Cities Local Agenda 21 survey 1998
Technology : a key factor for regional development
Restructuration and socio-spatial research
Developing local democracy : the state and challenges of Finnish local democracy in the postmodern era
Promoting client centered substance abuse care in St. Petersburg : "Return to society" -project
Even the dogs
Abstract: Consolidation of jointly owned water areas.
Meždunarodnoe sotrudničestvo v Arktike : problemy bezopasnosti i razvitiâ = International cooperation in the Arctic : issues of security and development
Regional action plan for conversion in the Baltic Sea Region
Regional dynamics of socioeconomic change
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Victim without a face
Living on the edge : the "Russian problem" of the Barents Region's security problematique
Libraries @ Barents - communicative and active! : 19th Barents Library Conference
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
Myanmar in ASEAN : regional cooperation experience
Challenges of Qinghai Province
Growth and development in the Nordic regions : Nordic regional policy co-operation programme 1995-1999
Whose public space? : international case studies in urban design and development
On fragmentation and coherence in regional research
Multidimensional change in the Republic of Sudan (1989-2011) : reshaping livelihoods, conflicts, and identities
Info bulletin
Governance of protected areas in the Arctic
Portrait of the regions. Volume 4, Austria, Finland, Sweden, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, Switzerland
Russian participatioin in Baltic Sea region-building : a case study of Kaliningrad
Rural tourism and sustainable business
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Arctic development and environmental challenges : information needs for decision-making and international co-operation
This article analyses structural and regional development and concentration of agriculture in terms of jobs and value of production, here value added, in Finland during 1975-2008 based on statistical and georeferenced data. The empirical results showed us that, while the relative socioeconomic importance of agriculture has decreased all over Finland, the role of agriculture varies a great deal between regions. Agricultural development trends both in terms of number of jobs and value of production, have been different from total economic development since the mid-1980s. As with economic functions in general, a regional concentration trend has taken place in agriculture. However, this trend has been stronger in all industries together and compared to other industries, agriculture as a whole is still regionally evenly dispersed. The reasons behind this can be found in historical, societal and political factors, and tight connections between agriculture and surrounding land and natural circumstances.
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Joint pilot action under article 10 : Northern periphery programme
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
State of the Arctic strategies and policies : a summary
Stakeholder dialogue and regional engagement in the context of higher education
Security in the Barents Region : interpretations and implications of the Norwegian Barents initiative
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
Controlling borderlands? : new perspectives on state peripheries in southern Central Asia and northern Afghanistan
Stakeholder relations in the regional state administration : case Central Finland Regional Environment Centre
The Arctic Council : its place in the future of Arctic governance
