http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16699 standard dances
standard dances
Slowfox
How to dance
Technique of ballroom dancing : the waltz & basic principles
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 10, "When you're smiling"
That's ballroom!
Step-by-step dance class : dance yourself fit with the beginner's guide to all the dances from the show
Technique of ballroom dancing : the foxtrot & basic principles
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Discover dance : ballroom
Let's dance the jive
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 16, "Temptation"
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Let's dance Latin American : volume 5
Ballroom evergreens : from Keith Miller
Latin-American at its best : paso doble
The Laird technique of latin dancing
World Dancesport Federation: waltz
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
Gold Star Ballroom : Slow fox
World Dancesport Federation: quick step
Masters of modern. One
The latin mix
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The A - Z of scrutineering for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
Technique of ballroom dancing : the tango & basic principles
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 9, "Scarlet ribbons"
Masters of modern. 13.
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
Straight Up!
World Dancesport Federation: tango
Groovy sounds
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
Dance to your maximum : the competitive ballroom dancer`s workbook
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2.
Tango : The Dance, the Song, the Story
Let's dance the bossa nova
Popular variations : standard dances
Gold Star Ballroom : Quick-step
The technique of ballroom dancing
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
Latin-American at its best : samba
Where did you learn to dance
The ballroom dance pack
Technique of ballroom dancing
Technique of ballroom dancing : the quickstep & basic principles
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 18, "The way you look tonight"
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step by step
Gold Star Ballroom : Waltz
Gold standard. 2
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
Technique of latin dancing
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
The joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Ballroom dancing : the romance, rhythm and style
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
First steps to ballroom dancing
Tango! : the dance, the song, the story
Latin-American at its best : rumba
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Ballroom dancing : step-by-step
C.f.d.10 : Films and shows
The ballroom technique
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
Socialization, participation motive, attitudes and stereotypes of folk, ballroom, ballet, and modern dancers
World Dancesport Federation: viennese waltz
World Dancesport Federation: slow fox
Gold Star Ballroom : jive
