http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16678 faculties (educational organisations)
faculties (educational organisations)
The future of theology in Europe : report on the consultation of the thological faculties in Europe, Graz, Austria, 4-7 July 2002
The collaborative imperative : librarians and faculty working together in the information universe
"In the ongoing evolution of the academic library, embedded librarianship has become an important topic of debate across levels and departments. This book delves into the concept, examining everything from theory to best practices"--
Korea focus : on current topics
Die Fakultät für Physik = The Faculty of Physics
Final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Education : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
Faculty and the library : the undergraduate experience
Offering a variety of innovative methods and tools, The Oxford Handbook of Multi- and Mixed-Methods Research Inquiry provides the most comprehensive and up-to-date presentation on multi- and mixed-methods research available. Written in clear and concise language by leading scholars in the field, it enhances and disrupts traditional ways of asking and addressing complex research questions. Topics include an overview of theory, paradigms, and scientific inquiry; a guide to conducting a multi- and mixed-methods research study from start to finish; current uses of multi- and mixed-methods research across academic disciplines and research fields; the latest technologies and how they can be incorporated into study design; and a presentation of multiple perspectives on the key remaining debates. Each chapter in the volume is structured to include state-of-the-art research examples that cross a range of disciplines and interdisciplinary research settings. In addition, the Handbook offers multiple quantitative and qualitative theoretical and interdisciplinary visions and praxis. Researchers, faculty, graduate students, and policy makers will appreciate the exceptional, timely, and critical coverage in this Handbook, which deftly addresses the interdisciplinary and complex questions that a diverse set of research communities are facing today.
100-vuotiaan tiedekunnan tulevaisuudennäkymiä : Future of life science faculties and universities -seminaarin 5.3.2008 puheenvuorot
Identifying remaining socio-technical challenges at the national level: Finland : working paper (WP 1 - MS 5)
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
Evaluation of the Faculty of Science 1994 = Matemaattis-luonnontieteellisen tiedekunnan arviointi
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook ..
Ethical decision making in social research : a practical guide
Our societies are ageing. The Family is changing. Labour force behaviour is evolving. How is the organisation of family and collective solidarity adapting in this context of longer life spans, low fertility, and work that is simultaneously scarce and abundant? The welfare states are currently facing three main challenges: ensure satisfactory living conditions for the elderly without increasing the cost burden on the active population, reduce social inequality, and maintain equity between successive generations. In this book, researchers from different countries compare their experiences and offer contrasting views on the future of social protection. They consider the theoretical aspects of the intergenerational debate, relations between generations within the family, the living standards of elderly people, and the question of social time.
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
Europe in figures : Eurostat yearbook
We live in an era of rapid transformation of the European states, which are taking new forms rather than disappearing or being hollowed out. This transformation inescapably touches upon the question of the interaction between a state and its territory. Since there is a growing need to conceptualize this change in statehood from a historical perspective on various margins of Europe, this paper aims at providing a context-sensitive theorization of the gradual transformation of the spatiality of the Keynesian welfare state in Finland. The arguments presented are authenticated by reference to documents on Finnish public investment policy as evidence of the changes in state strategies from the 1960s onwards. The paper concludes that the change from "regimes of security political survival" to "regimes of survival in international economic competition" has inevitably influenced the relationship between the Finnish state and its territory. It also suggests, however, that inertia caused by the embedded spatial culture of the welfare state has hindered the development of a truly international competition state characterized by economic efficiency rather than territorial and social equalization. We therefore conceptualize the contemporary condition of Finnish statehood as spatially promiscuous, in that the Finnish state is becoming an increasingly complex combination of the marketplace model (the glocal state) and one nation politics (territorial integrity).
Knowledge, space, economy
Yhä korkeammalle : matemaattis-luonnontieteellisen tiedekunnan tavoiteohjelma 2013-2016 = Allt högre : matematisk-naturvetenskapliga fakultetens målprogram 2013-2016 = Higher and higher : Faculty of Science target programme 2013-2016
Educational studies and teacher education in Finnish universities, 1994 : a commentary by an international review team
Academic tribes and territories : intellectual enquiry and the cultures of disciplines
Folklore studies and research at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel
Geographical information systems and science
The last professors : the corporate university and the fate of the humanities
Die Fakultät für Technische Chemie = The Faculty of Technical Chemistry
Neural mechanisms underlying conscious and unconscious vision : evidence from event-related potentials and transcranial magnetic simulation
Assessing liaison librarians : documenting impact for positive change
Corporate social-responsibility and environmental management
Narrative is a pioneer concept in our trans-disciplinary age. For decades, it has been one of the most successful catchwords in literature, history, cultural studies, philosophy, and health studies. While the expansion of narrative studies has led to significant advances across a number of fields, the travels for the concept itself have been a somewhat more complex. Has the concept of narrative passed intact from literature to sociology, from structuralism to therapeutic practice or to the study of everyday storytelling? In this volume, philosophers, psychologists, literary theorists, sociolinguists, and sociologists use methodologically challenging test cases to scrutinize the types, transformations, and trajectories of the concept and theory of narrative. The book powerfully argues that narrative concepts are profoundly relevant in the understanding of life, experience, and literary texts. Nonetheless, it emphasizes the vast contextual differences and contradictions in the use of the concept.
Final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Law : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Occasional papers
Authority, responsibility and justice in environmental politics : papers from the 8. Nordic environmental social science research conference June 18-20, 2007 : Workshop 1
The travelling concepts of narrative
Using mixed methods : frameworks for an integrated methodology
Towards excellence in teaching : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes in the University of Helsinki
Faculty-librarian relationships
Qualitative data analysis : a user-friendly guide for social scientists
The languages of the world
An introduction to instructional services in academic libraries
Die Fakultät für Maschinenwesen und Betriebswissenschaften = The Faculty of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering
Via lui Nabot = Naboth's vineyard : studia theologica recentiora
Promotio XIII ordinis medicorum Universitatis Helsingiensis anno Domini MMX
The hidden life of trees : what they feel, how they communicate : discoveries from a secret world
Faculty of pharmacy at Uppsala University
Online panel research : a data quality perspective
From welfare to innovation : STI policies under the spotlight
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
Embedded librarianship : what every academic librarian should know
Practical research and evaluation : a start-to-finish guide for practitioners
Yliopistosanasto = Universitetsordlista = University glossary = Universitätsglossar = Lexique des universités = Vocabulario universitario = Slovar' universitetskih terminov
Proclaiming and sustaining excellence : assessment as a faculty role
"This social science dictionary has 1000 entries covering the disciplines of sociology, criminology, political science and women's study with a commitment to Canadian examples and events and names."--Kotisivu.
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Understanding and doing successful research : data collection and analysis for the social sciences
Qualitative methods in management research
Report from ICARP-III planning meeting
Faculty of theology at Uppsala University
The Oxford handbook of multimethod and mixed methods research inquiry
The politics of world politics
Systematics as normative holism
The archive project : archival research in the social sciences
Die Fakultät für Architektur und Raumplanung = The Faculty of Architecture and Planning
Quantity and quality in social research
Achieving excellence together : final report on the evaluation of the Social Sciences : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Eurofaculty : Finnish contribution for University of Tartu 1993-2005
The founding of the Faculty of Law of the University of Turku and its first quarter of a century of activity
Physical attractiveness as a signal of biological quality
Climate change and ethics of geoengineering : implications of climate emergency ethics
An introduction to qualitative research synthesis : managing the information explosion in social science research
Social justice isn't what you think it is
"Male menopause" : the birth of a new illness?
Advances in visual methodology
Essays on empirical political economics
Cognitive development of very low birth weight children from infancy to pre-school age
Library 2020 : today's leading visionaries describe tomorrow's library
English abstract.
International journal of sino-western studies
Axel Honneth : A critical theory of the social
The Weakening Connection Between Education and Research: A Study of Three University Departments
Spatial theory and method for the study of religion
Fundamentals for the academic liaison
Final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Science : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Will and mechanisms
Being feminist, being Christian : essays from academia
Ages, generations and the social contract : the demographic challenges facing the welfare state
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Basic research methods : an entry to social science research
Using research instruments : a guide for researchers
Final report on the evaluation of the faculty of medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
The market for academics
Leadership and management of education : evaluation of education at the University of Helsinki 2007-2008
Commitment and diversity : final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Theology : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Die Fakultät für Mathematik und Geoinformation = The Faculty of Mathematics and Geoinformation
Interpretation and method : empirical research methods and the interpretive turn
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
Globalisation, global justice and social work
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
Academic environment : a handbook for evaluating employment opportunities in science
After method : mess in social science research
Introduction to astronomy and cosmology
Essays on business and leadership ethics
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
The Faculty os social sciences : University of Tampere
Design and the social sciences : making connections
The focus of this article is on the relationship between research and education. The argument is that recent policy developments and the increasing emphasis on commercialisation and profitability of university activities weakens the connection of education and research. In this article, general characteristics of development of universities and university policy in Finland are summarised. Main subjects of the analysis are three university departments that are situated in three different Finnish universities. The concept of connection between research and education is explored and tested in these three cases. The relationship between research and education and its erosion is analysed with the help of four definitions of education's research connection. The article shows that regardless of the definition, the connection between research and education is becoming fragile as a result of practical, instrumental and commercial aspirations of university activities.
Final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Veterinary Medicine : evaluation of the quality of education and the degree programmes of the University of Helsinki
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
Organizational and leadership cultures within university deprtments
The Sage handbook of governance
Being reflexive in critical educational and social research
Perception in Kant's model of experience
Åbo Akademi University 1918-1993 : research and departments : English summaries
Abstract: J.V. Snellman as an interpreter of Hegelś Philosophy of right.
The good research guide : for small-scale social research projects
Effectiveness of the KiVa antibullying program
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Relieved after doctor's consultation? : primary health care patients' complaint-related worries
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Communities as factors of social geography : the Finnish rural settlements in the vicinity of Thunder Bay, Ontario
The struggle of the Lithuanian Roman Catholic Church to save Vilnius archcathedral
The Good Research Guide by bestselling author Martyn Denscombe has established itself as the introductory book on the basics of social research. It provides practical and straightforward guidance for those who need to conduct small-scale research projects as part of their undergraduate, postgraduate or professional studies. This brand new fifth edition has been thoroughly updated and revised throughout and includes new material on: the use of social media in research, including guidelines on the use of social networking sites; more on internet research and how to run online surveys; how to conduct systematic literature reviews; getting good response rates to a survey; writing research reports; and research ethics. Retaining the clear, friendly and practical approach that has made the book a must for student researchers, the new edition includes many helpful learning features such as "at a glance" summaries in "Key Points" boxes, helpful "Checklists" to guide good practice and handy "Link-ups" between key topics across the book. Every chapter provides up-to-date further reading lists to help you develop your knowledge and research skills. This is an invaluable resource for anyone conducting social research across all business, health, education and other social science disciplines.
The changing landscape of the academic profession : the culture of faculty at for-profit colleges and universities
The spirit of the game : navigational aids for the next century
Qualitative research methods : collecting evidence, crafting analysis, communicating impact
Beauty for sale : an empirical study of appearance-related consumption in Finland
The long Earth
Die Fakultät für Informatik : Schlüsseltechnologie der Informationsgesellschaft = The Faculty of Informatics : Key Technology of the Information Society
Finnish Yearbook of Population Research 47
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Qualitative research synthesis provides a comprehensive glimpse of what individual qualitative studies show. The authors describe the process of data analysis, synthesis and interpretation that users may follow and adapt.
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
Towards a Nordic competition state? Politico-economic transformation of statehood in Finland, 1965-2005
This explains everything : deep, beautiful and elegant theories of how the world works
Increasing faculty diversity : the occupational choices of high-achieving minority students
Construing transitology : a contribution to the critique of the political economy of post-socialist transition
Clinical research in Finland and Sweden : evaluation report
Promotio ordinis philosophorum Universitatis Helsingiensis MMXIV
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
ICT disparities in Finland : access and implications
School bullies`quest for power : implications for group dynamics and intervention
Online dictionary of the social sciences
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
Max Weber on the methodology of the social sciences
The Sage handbook of education for citizenship and democracy
Growing towards sustainable quality : final report on the evaluation of the Faculty of Agriculture and Forestry
Abstract: Public opinion as a social science concept.
From an examination of recent social and cultura theory and selected work on place and space by scholars of religion I draw together resources for the development of a spatial methodology for the study of religion. In order to identify the key elements of this methodology, I discuss relations between the body and space, the dimensions, properties and aspects of space, the "sacred" and sacralization. Consideration is given briefly to the application of a spatial approach, its strenths and weaknesses.
Centers for learning : writing centers and libraries in collaboration
Longing to return and spaces of belonging : Iraqis' narratives in Helsinki and Rome
APA style simplified : writing in psychology, education, nursing, and sociology
The social science encyclopedia
