http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16638 harp
harp
Harp music in nineteenth century
Begin the Harp
The harp key : music for the Scottish harp
Harps & harpists
World Harp Congress Review
Conditioning exercises : for beginners and advanced harpists : as well as for touring harpists
BITTER BALLADS : ANCIENT AND MODERN POETRY SUNG TO MEDIEVAL AND TRADITIONAL MELODIES
A celtic evening with Derek Bell
Abstract.
Dance of the blessed spirits
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume II
Harp : Beyond the basics
Greensleeves : traditional English
Scottish Folk : Living tradition from Glasgow to the Shetlands
Harp olympics. Stage I
Seadrift : works for soprano and instruments
Harp music bibliography : chamber music and concertos
The forgotten Ireland : the irish harp
Symphony No. 4, Op. 34, "Requiem"
Nature in music and the music of nature : lectio praecursoria
Reflection on creation and space : A five year view
The rubaiyat of Dorothy Ashby
Harps and harpists
Schule für Harfe. Teil 1 : Method for the Harp
Harp sonatas and songs
Complete method for harp. Technique, Syntax-appendix
Dancing With The Lion
The mad lover
Teach yourself to play the folk harp
O'Carolan's tunes for piano
The New Strung Harp
Music for the Irish harp. Volume 3
Carolan's harp : dance-tunes, airs & laments by Turlough O'Carolan, 'the chief musician of Ireland'
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume V
A Ceremony of carols
Harp olympics. Stage III
Harp Solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume I
Treasures of the celtic harp
Harp olympics. Stage IV
Surrounded by sound : experienced orchestral harpists' professional knowledge and learning
Late Victorians ; Regina Coeli ; Alcott Music ; Overture to Lysistrata
Harpsicle Harp Method : book 1
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDonald and Linda Wood : Volume III
Testament of Solomon : Music from the Sefer Shirim Shel Shir Hashirim
The modern harp : the evolution of an idiomatic language in harp writing, notation and repertory from the 16th century to the present
Seafoam : music for harp
Sands of time : selected studio & concert recordings 1974-1990
Land of Heart's Desire : songs of the Hebrides from the collection by Marjorie Kennedy-Fraser
Variations on a theme of Mozart and Nocturne
Music for women's chorus and harp : a study of the repertory and an analysis and performance of selected compositions
Thomas Moore's Irish melodies
Complete method for harp. Second book, Syntax-appendix..
Solos for the harp player [Nuottijulkaisu]
The harp in contemporary music
The small harp : a step by step tutor
Hope you like our new direction
Canon in D
Journey in Satchidananda
Harp fingering fundamentals : how to add finger markings to non-fingered harp music
Sweet as bardic music : songs with harp
Harp music bibliography : compositions for solo harp and harp ensemble
Canticle V : The death of Saint Narcissus : for tenor and harp : op. 89
I play the harp : student's book
Harp olympics. Stage II
Four new sonatas for the harp
Christmas music. Volume 1
The scent of the roses
The ABC of harp playing : for harpists, orchestrators and arrangers : including: "The use of the harp in the orchestra"
Romance without words : (bois solitaire) harp solo
Music for dauphines and troubadours
Christmas music. Volume 3
I play the harp : study guide for teachers and parents
A string in the harp
Harp : beyond the basics
My foolish harp
The Quiet tradition : Music of the scottish harp - Songs of the Scottish gael
Der Harpffenschlaeger : an introduction to "authentic" technique for early harps
The life and music of Turlough O'Carolan : An Irish harper and composer (1670-1738)
The Celtic harp : a tribute to Edward Bunting
Romantic music for flute and harp
Jacob de Senleches: La harpe de melodie : a composer and a composition of the Middle Ages
On teaching the harp : a pedagogy text for individual or class use
Harp solos : graded recital pieces by Susann McDomald and Linda Wood : Volume IV
Celtic harp. Volume 3, Secret isles
Harp olympics. Preliminary round
Slow fires of autumn : (Ukiyo-e II) for flute and harp (1978-79)
Blessing
The art of modulating : for harpists, pianists, and organists
Romantic harp concertos
Marcel Grandjany : concert harpist, composer, and teacher
Begin the harp
Irish harp music : traditional and original Irish airs arranged for harp, guitar and solo instrument
On playing the harp
Taitelijakoulutuksen tohtorintutkintoon liiittyy myös kirjallinen työ: What nature tells me : semiosis, narrative, death and nature in Gustav Mahler's "Der Abschied".
Celtic harp : The music of Turlough O'Carolan
Harp solos : graded recital pieces. Volume 1
Wolcum yule : Celtic and British songs and carols
The harp in contemporary music : lectio praecursoria
A Ceremony of carols = Ein Kranz von Lobechören
Harp and voice
Begin the Harp : An elementary tutor for the folk or Non-Pedal Harp
Music in Trust
Celtic harp. Volume 4, O'Carolan's dream
Berklee harp : reading, improvisation & arranging for pedal & lever harpists
