http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16669 waltzes (dances)
waltzes (dances)
65 beautiful waltzes
THE STRAUSS FAMILY
Ballroom dancing : a comprehensive guide for dancers of all levels
The ultimate ballroom album 6 : original music for dancing & listening. 6, "Hello young lovers"
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 1: original music for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 17, Emanuel & Tania
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 13, "All or nothing at all"
Waltz : the best waltz collection of Dancelife
Valses nobles et sentimentales : pour piano = for piano = für Klavier
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 17, "For you"
The ultimate...ballroom album. 7, Beautiful things
Masters of modern. One
Waltz of the flowers from 'The Nutcracker ballet'. No. 53
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 14, "L'Italiano"
A technique of advanced standard ballroom figures
The last waltz : the Strauss dynasty and Vienna
Strauss : the greatest classical hits
The art of Ballroom
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
Vater des Wiener Walzers = Father of the Viennese waltz. Vol. 2 (Op. 143-202) : Walzer, Galoppe, Ländler, Polka
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Delightful walzes : 64 songs
Ballroom favourites : one more time ten
Gold Star Ballroom : Waltz
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 1.
Giant combo-fake book: C-book: 117 full-sounding dance arangements
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing & listening. 12, Anything goes
New year ́s concert
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 3: original music for ballroom dancing
Delightful waltzes : 64 songs
Waltz in C sharp minor op. 64 no 2
And the waltz goes on
Let's dance : the complete book and DVD of ballroom dance instruction for weddings, parties, fitness, and fun : dance like a star in minutes
Ancona open ballroom. 5.
The Ultimate... Ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 7, "Beautiful things"
Ten waltzes by Johann Strauss, Jr. for solo piano
Ballroom dancing / Step-by-Step
Technique of ballroom dancing : the waltz & basic principles
The technique of ballroom dancing
The best of V. waltz / p. doble / jive : collection of Dancelife
Songs in 3/4 time
Slow waltz collection
Chopin waltzes for easy piano
Il Bacio = The dream of home : song for medium voice
The ultimate... Ballroom album. 2: original music for ballroom dancing
Vater des Wiener Walzers = Father of the Viennese waltz. Vol. 1 (Op. 1-142) : Ländler, Galoppe, Walzer
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 15, "Reaching for the moon"
The ultimate... ballroom album : original music for ballroom dancing. 4.
Prelude et valse pour guitare = Prelude and waltz for guitar
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance-step-by-step!
World of Standardtänze. Vol. 2
Broadway waltzes : piano, vocal, guitar
That's easy! : Viennese Waltzes for clarinet [Nuottijulkaisu]
The Irvine legacy
43 world-famous waltzes
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 13, Jonathan & Katusha
The Ultimate... ballroom album : original music for dancing and listening. 11, "Two of a kind"
The big easy... flute
I can play that!. Viennese  Waltzes
Strauss' greatest hits
World Dancesport Federation: waltz
The music of France
The wonderful world of waltzes
Everlasting waltz : beautiful music for the piano
SONGS IN 3/4 TIME
The best... of ballroom music. 16 : original hits for ballroom dancing
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 11, Jonathan & Katusha
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 14, Victor & Anna
Masters of modern. 13.
Miliza Korjus sings The Great Waltzes
It's easy to play waltzes : Easy to read, simplified piano arrangements of nineteen famous waltzes, including Merry widow waltz, Sleeping beauty waltz, Blue Danube waltz, Waltz of the flowers and Skater's waltz
Gold standard. 2
World Dancesport Federation: viennese waltz
Texas Bohemia revisited
That's easy!. Viennese waltzes for alto saxophone
Scandinavian songbook : For piano and accordion
Maria Carolina : valse venezolano : for solo guitar
The best... of ballroom music : original hits for ballroom dancing. Part 12, Alan & Donna
Forgotten tune : entertainment melodies for violin  and piano : estradnye melodii dlja skripki i fortepiano = Zabytyi motiv
Valses nobles et sentimentales : pour piano = for piano = für Klavier : Urtext
Technique of ballroom dancing
That's easy! : viennese waltzes for tenor saxophone [Nuottijulkaisu]
Ballroom favourites
Modern ballroom dancing
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
It's easy to play waltzes
Dance class : how to waltz, quick step, foxtrot, tango, samba, salsa, merengue, lambada, and line dance - step-by-step
Waltz in a flat, op. 39, no. 15. No. 7
Valse triste : for four horns: score and parts
The Waltzes of Johann Strauss : intermediate to advanced : for two pianos
Learn to play waltzes : essential instrumentals for flatpickers
