http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1663 sonnets
sonnets
Songs and sonets : a casebook
The house of life : a sonnet sequence
Why lyrics last : evolution, cognition, and Shakespeare's sonnets
The sonnet sequence : a study of its strategies
Stone lullaby = [Kamena uspavanka] : selected poems
The sonnets and A lover's complaint
Four sonnets of Shakespeare
Sonnets from the Portuguese and other poems
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study and production. 23, Shakespeare's language
The development of the sonnet : an introduction
"Beginning with the early masters of the sonnet form, Dante and Petrarch, the Companion examines the reinvention of the sonnet across times and cultures, from Europe to America. In doing so, it considers sonnets as diverse as those by William Shakespeare, William Wordsworth, George Herbert and e. e. cummings. The chapters explore how we think of the sonnet as a 'lyric' and what is involved in actually trying to write one. The book includes a lively discussion between three distinguished contemporary poets - Paul Muldoon, Jeff Hilson and Meg Tyler - on the experience of writing a sonnet, and a chapter which traces the sonnet's diffusion across manuscript, print, screen and the internet. A fresh and authoritative overview of this major poetic form, the Companion expertly guides the reader through the sonnet's history and development into the global multimedia phenomenon it is today"--Provided by publisher.
Autobiographical poems : a bilingual edition
Sonnet sequences and social distinction in Renaissance England
The Cambridge companion to the sonnet
The complete sonnets and poems
Prosodic tension in English Renaissance sonnets
The art of Shakespeare's sonnets
The Sonnets
In her Rime (1627-28), Francesca Turini Bufalini included a series of sonnets under the subtitle "Principio dello stato dell' autrice." ... These poems are unique for their truly autobiographical nature, openly declared as such by the author herself. None of the European women poets preceding her, or any of her contemporaries, recorded their lives with such precision. In these sonnets, Turini Bufalini gives us a detailed description of her life, from childhood to old age, along with the full spectrum of her emotions. She describes her birth followed by the death of her father and mother, her lonely, rustic but free life as an orphan in her uncle's castle in the wilderness of the Apennines (where she kept company with shepherdesses, rode horses and went hunting), her marriage, her exuberant joys of motherhood, her sad widowhood, love for her children and grandchildren, trouble with her adult sons and the tragic death of one of them. In most poems a strong, narrating "I" predominates, but frequently the author also addresses herself, her heart and her soul in the personal "you" voice.
The sonnets : a dual-language edition with parallel text
With my introduction and notes, and my selection of what I consider to be Turini Bufalini's best poems, I point out the parallelism between events in her actual life and her poetic compositions. I examine her style, themes and quality as a poet who wrote on subjects not seen before in the works of other women poets. Where possible, I compare her verses to those of Italian poets preceding her. I also review and comment on the opinions of literary critics regarding her work ... --Introduction --Book Jacket.
101 sonnets : from Shakespeare to Heaney
The Arden dictionary of Shakespeare quotations
Milton's sonnets and the ideal community
The Oxford book of sonnets
The Arden Shakespeare book of quotations on love
The nineteenth-century sonnet
Approaches to poetry
Women across early modern Europe suffered repressive and restrictive patriarchal measures that denied them education and a voice. Nowhere was this more apparent than in Counter-Reformation Iberia. Yet there is increasing awareness of a wealth of cultural activity by women, produced in spite of long-cherished masculine notions of biological determinism, masculine control, and feminine shame. Women proved that given the opportunity and the education they were equal in reason and intelligence to their male counterparts."Subtle Subversions" is the first full-length, contextual, and analytical study of the sonnets of five seventeenth-century women in Spain and Portugal: Luisa de Carvajal y Mendoza, Catalina Clara Ramirez de Guzman, Sor Maria de Santa Isabel, Leonor de la Cueva y Silva, and Sor Violante del Cielo. Using the sonnets as a basis for inquiry, Gwyn Fox adds significantly to scholarship on women's interpersonal relationships through nuanced and revealing analyses of family and friendship as seen through the sonnets. She deciphers issues of subjectivity, interpersonal relationships, and power structures and engages with patronage as a major issue in women's writing.As a difficult form of poetry requiring wit, artistry and education, sonnets provided the ideal framework to display intellectual skills and education, but they also allowed the women to create a subtext of criticism of contemporary systems of control. Although their criticisms had to be subtle, since these systems still offered them much in terms of social advancement and privilege, these women and their works revise our understanding of women's lives in Baroque Spain and Portugal.English translations accompany the Spanish quotations throughout the book.
Traces the development of the sonnet during intense moments of change and stability, continuity and conflict, from the early Romantic period to the end of the nineteenth century.
Shakespeare's Sonnets : with three hundred years of commentary
THE COMPLETE WORKS OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
Looking for sex in Shakespeare
Shakespeare survey : an annual survey of Shakespearian study & production. 15, The poems and music
I modi : the sixteen pleasures : an erotic album of the Italian Renaissance
[The] complete works
The complete works of William Shakespeare
Reading Shakespeare's will : the theology of figure from Augustine to the sonnets
Take all my loves : 9 Shakespeare sonnets
The desolate sonnets of Gerard Manley Hopkins
The sonnets and narrative poems
The site of Petrarchism : early modern national sentiment in Italy, France, and England
Reading Shakespeare's poems in early modern England
This book brings together the scholarship of dozens of the most brilliant commentators who have written about Shakespeare's Sonnets over the past three hundred years. This edition adds the significant work done by modern editors to the most important commentary culled from the two variorum editions of the last century. Atkins presents a straightforward edition without jargon with the simple goal of finding out how the poems work and how they may be interpreted. He is the first to collate the modern texts so that differences among them can be fully appreciated and compared. His discussion of meter and verse is more substantial than that of any other edition, adding particular dimension to this text. Those coming to "The Sonnets" for the first time and those seeking a fresh look at an old friend will equally find this edition scholastically rigorous and a pleasure to read. Carl D. Atkins is a practicing medical oncologist in New York.
The Penguin book of the sonnet : 500 years of a classic tradition in English
Shakespeare on love
Richard Tottel's Songes and sonettes : the Elizabethan version
Shakespeare's sonnets : critical essays
The golden way : the Hebrew sonnet during the Renaissance and the Baroque
Capel Lofft and the English sonnet tradition 1770-1815
The exemplary Sidney and the Elizabethan sonneteer
The holy sonnets of John Donne : high voice and piano
Desire and gender in the sonnet tradition
Shakespeare's sonnets
The sonnets
The Alexandrine plan : versions of sonnets by Baudelaire, Mallarmé, and Rimbaud
Sonnets to Orpheus
The poems & sonnets of William Shakespeare
The nation's favourite Shakespeare
Shakespeare's dramatic meditations : an experiment in criticism
The sonnet
The Kittredge-Players edition of the complete works of William Shakespeare
Dante's Tenzone with Forese Donati : the reprehension of vice
Poems of John Keats
Subtle subversions : reading Golden Age sonnets by Iberian women
Sonnets for Michelangelo
The art of the sonnet
Shakespeare in love : the love poetry of William Shakespeare
Proportional form in the sonnets of the Sidney circle : loving in truth
The Elizabethan love sonnet
Shakespeare's sonnets and narrative poems
Selected sonnets
In search for volta : statistical analysis of word patterns in Shakespeare's sonnets
The poems & sonnets of William Shakespeare : with an introduction and bibliography
Episodes in five poetic traditions : the sonnet, the pastoral elegy, the ballad, the ode, masks and voices
The English sonnet
Shakespeare's Sonnets
Lives of the sonnet, 1787-1895 : genre, gender and criticism
A companion to Shakespeare's sonnets
The Cambridge history of English poetry
