http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16640 Jesuits
Jesuits
The Society of Jesus (Jesuits) has become a leader in the dialogue between Jews and Catholics as was manifested in the role that the Jesuit Cardinal Augustin Bea played in the adoption by the Second Vatican Council of Nostra Aetate, the charter for that new relationship. Still the encounters between Jesuits and Jews were often characterized by animosity and this historical record made them a tragic couple, related but estranged. This volume is the first examination of the complex interactions between Jesuits and Jews from the early modern period in Europe and Asia through the twentieth century where special attention is focused on the historical context of the Holocaust.
Missio Moscovitica : the role of the Jesuits in the westernization of Russia, 1582-1689
Jesuit science and the Republic of letters
The society of Jesus in Ireland, Scotland, and England 1541-1588 : 'our way of proceeding?'
Karl Rahner and Ignatian spirituality
Highlights in the history of exploration and trade in China
Rome and the counter-reformation in Scandinavia. [3], Jesuit educational strategy, 1553-1622
The divisions of French Catholicism, 1629-1645 : '"the parting of the ways"
To dwell in peace : an autobiography
Jesuit political thought : the Society of Jesus and the state, c. 1540-1630
A companion to Ignatius of Loyola : life, writings, spirituality, influence
Jesuits and universities : artistic and ideological aspects of Baroque colleges of the Society of Jesus - examples of Genoa and Wrocław
With bound hands : a Jesuit in Nazi Germany : the life and selected prison letters of Alfred Delp
A study of life and works of Athanasius Kircher, 'Germanus Incredibilis' : with a selection of his unpublished correspondence and an annotated translation of his autobiography
The ecstatic journey : Athanasius Kircher in Baroque Rome
Propaganda and the Jesuit Baroque
The Jesuits
Religious culture in the sixteenth century : preaching, rhetoric, spirituality and reform
Instruments of the divinity : providence and praxis in the foundation of the Society of Jesus
The naked name of love
Statecraft and intellectual renewal in late Ming China : the cross-cultural synthesis of Xu Guangqi, 1562-1633
At the dawn of the seventeenth century, the Sun revolved around the Earth according to God's plan and as set down in the Bible. Yet some men knew that the Heavens did not move as they should and began to believe exactly the opposite--a heresy punishable by being burned alive / WorldCat.
Following the steps of Matteo Ricci to China
The lost empire : the story of the Jesuits in Ethiopia 1555-1634
Curious land : Jesuit accomodation and the origins of sinology
Sensuous worship : Jesuits and the art of the early Catholic Reformation in Germany
The text and contexts of Ignatius Loyola's autobiography / John M. McManamon
"Francisco Suárez is arguably the most important Neo-Scholastic philosopher and a vital link in the chain leading from medieval philosophy to that of the Renaissance and the Enlightenment. Long neglected by the Anglo-Saxon philosophical community, this sixteenth-century Jesuit theologian is now an object of intense scholarly attention. In this volume, Daniel Schwartz brings together essays by leading specialists which provide detailed treatment of some key themes of Francisco Suárez's philosophical work: God, metaphysics, meta-ethics, the human soul, action, ethics and law, justice and war. The authors assess the force of Su arez's arguments, set them within their wider argumentative context and single out influences and appraise competing interpretations. The book is a useful resource for scholars and students of philosophy, theology, philosophy of religion and history of political thought and provides a rich bibliography of secondary literature"--Provided by publisher.
A Priest in Russia and the Baltic
Edmund Campion : a scholarly life
The political and economic activities of the Jesuits in the la Plata region, the Habsburg era
"And touching our society" : fashioning Jesuit identity in Elizabethan England
"The tragic couple" : encounters between Jews and Jesuits
Teilhard : a biography
The Jesuits and the Thirty Years War : kings, courts, and confessors
Collected studies on Francisco Suárez, S.J. (1548-1617)
The making of an enterprise : the Society of Jesus in Portugal, its empire, and beyond 1540-1750
The Guaraní under Spanish rule in the Río de la Plata
The Jesuits : missions, myths and histories
Erasmus, Utopia, and the Jesuits : essays on the outreach of humanism
Akbar and the Jesuits : an account of the Jesuit missions to the court of Akbar
The Jesuits of the low countries : identity and impact (1540-1773) : proceedings of the International Congress at the Faculty of Theology and Religious Studies, KU Leuven (3-5 december 2009)
Hope and solidarity : Jon Sobrino's challenge to Christian theology
Journey to the East : the Jesuit mission to China, 1579-1724
In 'Jesuit Survival and Restoration' leading scholars from around the world discuss the most dramatic event in the Society of Jesus's history. The order was suppressed by papal command in 1773 and for the next forty-one years ex-Jesuits endeavoured to keep the Ignatian spirit alive and worked towards the order's restoration. When this goal was achieved in 1814 the Society entered one of its most dynamic but troubled eras. The contributions in the volume trace this story in a global perspective, looking at developments in Europe, Asia, Africa, and the Americas.
The Jesuit mission to New France : a new interpretation in the light of the earlier Jesuit experience in Japan
The Jesuit myth : conspiracy theory and politics in nineteenth-century France
The visitor : André Palmeiro and the Jesuits in Asia
Black pope : a history of the Jesuits
The University of Mantua, the Gonzaga & the Jesuits, 1584-1630
The Jesuit relations and allied documents : a selection
Loyola's greater narrative : the architecture of the spiritual exercises in golden age and Enlightenment literature
Athanasius Kircher : the last man who knew everything
Jesuit survival and restoration : a global history, 1773-1900
Is Classics still important and relevant to a Jesuit education? The answer is a resounding 'Yes'. Classics remains an essential component of Jesuit education. This series of essays argues and proves that Classics and Jesuit education are indivisibly intertwined. Moreover, any Jesuit school that embraces liberal arts must have Classics at the core of its curriculum.
It is 400 years ago, and the "Black Gowns," French Jesuit priests, are beginning their descent into the forests of Canada, eagerly seeking to convert the Huron -- and courting martyrdom at the hands of the rival Iroquios. Through the eyes of these vastly different peoples -- particularly through those of the firmly pious Father Jean de Brebeuf and the Indian prophetess Born Underwater -- Vollmann reconstructs America's past as tragedy, nightmare, and bloody spectacle.
Galileo, the Jesuits and the medieval Aristotle
Fathers and crows
Brokers of culture : Italian Jesuits in the American West, 1848-1919
Jesuit on the roof of the world : Ippolito Desideri's mission to eighteenth-century Tibet
Conversion and Jesuit schooling in Zambia
Witness of the Berrigans
Jesuit image theory
The statute of Lithuania = Lietuvos statutas = Statuta Lithuaniae : 1529.
The emperor's new mathematics : Western learning and imperial authority during the Kangxi Reign (1662-1722)
The Jesuit missions to China and Peru, 1570-1610 : expectations and appraisals of expansionism
God's secret agents : Queen Elizabeth's forbidden priests and the hatching of the Gunpowder Plot
Hermannus Samsonius to Axel Oxenstierna : Latin correspondence from 1621 to 1630 with linguistic and historical commentaries
The personal narrative of the Jesuit priest's commitment to the struggle for peace and justice and as the conscience of the antiwar movement.
The manner is ordinary
Into the lion's den : the Jesuit mission in Elizabethan England and Wales, 1580-1603
Ignatius of Loyola (1491-1556) obtained papal approval in 1540 for a new international religious order called the Society of Jesus. Until the mid-1700s the 'Jesuits' were active in many parts of Europe and far beyond. Gaining both friends and enemies in response to their work as teachers, scholars, writers, preachers, missionaries and spiritual directors, the Jesuits were formally suppressed by Pope Clement XIV in 1773 and restored by Pope Pius VII in 1814. The Society of Jesus then grew until the 1960s; it has more recently experienced declining membership in Europe and North America, but expansion in other parts of the world. This Companion examines the religious and cultural significance of the Jesuits. The first four sections treat the period prior to the Suppression, while section five examines the Suppression and some of the challenges and opportunities of the restored Society of Jesus up to the present.
Salvation and globalization in the early Jesuit missions
The first Jesuits
Early Jesuit travellers in Central Asia : 1603 - 1721
The fire of tongues : António Vieira and the missionary church in Brazil and Portugal
K'ung-tzu or Confucius? : the Jesuit interpretation of Confucianism
The memory palace of Matteo Ricci
The sky's dark labyrinth
Mission to China : Matteo Ricci and the Jesuit encounter with the East
Jesuit education and the Classics
On creation, conservation, and concurrence : metaphysical disputations 20, 21, and 22
America is hard to find
Catholicism, culture, conversion: the history of the Jesuits in Albania (1841-1946)
The Itinerário of Jerónimo Lobo
The moon and the sun
Manufacturing Confucianism : Chinese traditions & universal civilization
Between Renaissance and Baroque : Jesuit art in Rome, 1564-1610
Father Peter John de Smet : Jesuit in the West
A Jesuit in the Forbidden City : Matteo Ricci 1552-1610
Why have you come here? : the Jesuits and the first evangelization of native America
Tells the story of the first Jesuit mission to China. This title shows how, confronting enormous challenges, the Italian priest Matteo Ricci and a tiny handful of learned companions gained permission from the notoriously xenophobic Wanli emperor to settle in this fabled Forbidden City and preached the virtues of Western art and science.
The Cambridge companion to the Jesuits
The Jesuits : a self-portrait
The exorcist
Interpreting Suárez : critical essays
The Jesuits and the Great Mogul
The "Chinese garden in good taste" : Jesuits and Europe's knowledge of Chinese flora and art of the garden in the 17th and 18th centuries
Universities were driving forces of change in late Renaissance Italy. The Gonzaga, the ruling family of Mantua, had long supported scholarship and dreamed of founding an institution of higher learning within the city. In the early seventeenth century they joined forces with the Jesuits, a powerful intellectual and religious force, to found one of the most innovative universities of the time. Paul F. Grendler provides the first book in any language about the Peaceful University of Mantua, its official name. He traces the efforts of Duke Ferdinando Gonzaga, a prince savant who debated Galileo, as he made his family's dream a reality. Fernando negotiated with the Jesuits, recruited professors, and financed the school. Grendler examines the motivations of the Gonzaga and the Jesuits in the establishment of a joint civic and Jesuit university. The University of Mantua lasted only six years, lost during the brutal sack of the city by German troops in 1630. Despite its short life, the university offered original scholarship and teaching. It had the first professorship of chemistry more than 100 years before any other Italian university. The leading professor of medicine identified the symptoms of angina pectoris 140 years before an English scholar named the disease. The star law professor advanced new legal theories while secretly spying for James I of England. A superlative study of education, politics, and culture in seventeenth-century Italy, this book reconsiders a period in Italy's history often characterized as one of feckless rulers and stagnant learning. Thanks to extensive archival research and a thorough examination of the published works of the university's professors, Grendler's history tells a new story.
Erich Przywara, S.J : his theology and his world
The Jesuits : a story of power
Christian orthodoxy
The Jesuits II : cultures, sciences, and the arts, 1540-1773
Matteo Ricci : a Jesuit in the Ming Court
A paradise inhabited by devils : the Jesuits' civilizing mission in early modern Naples
A view from Rome : on the eve of the modernist crisis
"Edmund Campion has always been the leading Elizabethan martyr, an accolade that overshadowed his early life. This biography assesses the power of Campion's spoken word, in Prague and in England, the disastrous impact of the invasion of Ireland on the Jesuit mission, and the drama of his capture, 'conferences' in the Tower and trial. The warm affection he everywhere inspired, was almost submerged in the controversy that surrounded his execution"--
The Jesuit Order as a synagogue of Jews : Jesuits of Jewish ancestry and purity-of-blood laws in the early Society of Jesus
Mission of change in southwest Alaska : conversations with father René Astruc and Paul Dixon on their work with Yup'ik people, 1950-1988
Jesuit books in the Dutch republic and its generality lands, 1567-1773 : a bibliography
