http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16664 new religious movements
new religious movements
Studies on Hungarians and other Central European peoples
Playful religion : challenges for the study of religion : essays
New religious movements : challenge and response
The challenge of religion after modernity : beyond disenchantment
The tragic story of witchcraft in America, from the infamous Salem witch trials to the present day - now told in full for the first time.
The gospel of the flying spaghetti monster
New religions in a postmodern world
Rituals in an unstable world : contingency, hybridity, embodiment
The future of religion : secularization, revival and cult formation
Enchanted feminism : ritual, gender and divinity among the reclaiming witches of San Francisco
The invention of satanism
America bewitched : the story of witchcraft after Salem
The world's religions : the new Lion handbook
Modern Paganism in world cultures : comparative perspectives
Rites of love
Neo-humanist education : documentation on neo-humanist education propounded by Prabhat Rainjan Sarkar
Conversations on the edge of the Apocalypse : contemplating the future with Noam Chomsky, George Carlin, Deepak Chopra, Rupert Sheldrake, and others
The triple religious heritage of Nigeria : three essays
Researching paganisms
The cultural products of new religions and spiritualities are frequently ignored or dismissed within academia, often stemming from a hesitation to acknowledge these movements as genuine. This volume explores the impact of new religions upon cultural production, exemplifying the theological and spiritual principles of particular movements and demonstrating their substantial impact on wider society. Contributions explore the realms of music, architecture, food, art, books, films, video games, and more. This scholarship will be of interest to those who wish to explore the gamut of modern religious expression, and those who wish to broaden their knowledge of the spiritual origins of human culture.
The world's religions
Encyclopedia of new religions : new religious movements, sects and alternative spiritualities
Who are we?
Religions in Eastern Africa under globalization
Religious movements and communities in the 19th-20th centuries
New religiosity in contemporary Sweden : the Dalarna study in national and international context
Contributors include: Joseph Azize, Chiara Baldini, Lauren Bernauer, Anthony Blake, Liselotte Frisk, Kennet Granholm, Christopher Hartney, Graham Harvey, Graham Hassall, Jay Johnston, Jenny McFarlane, Elisha McIntyre, Milad Milani, Nathaniel Samuel Murrell, Rod Pattenden, David Pecotic, Johanna Petsche, Adam Possamai, Alphia Possamai-Inesedy, Jason Prior, Eric Repphun, Stephen D. Ricks, David G. Robertson, Bettina E. Schmidt, Justin Snider, Graham St John, Michael F. Strmiska, Mona Suhrbier, Jaap Timmer, Garry W. Trompf, and Benjamin E. Zeller.
Bearing false witness? : an introduction to the Christian countercult
New religious movements : a guide for the perplexed
Witch crafting : a spiritual guide to making magic
The blessed family and the ideal kingdom. 2, God's will and the world
Materialities, bodies and practices in lived religion
The ringing cedars of Russia
Amazing stories of the flying spaghetti monster
Understanding new religious movements
The space of love
Prophecy in the New Millennium : when prophecies persist
The changing forms of religious organisations
New religions : based on papers read at the Symposium on New Religions held at Åbo on the 1st - 3rd of September 1974
Contemporary religious Satanism : a critical anthology
Handbook of new religions and cultural production
Cult following : a novel
The new heretics of France : minority religions, la République, and the government-sponsored "war on sects"
The spiral dance : a rebirth of the ancient religion of the great goddess
The sound of one hand killing
The rush hour of the gods : a study of new religious movements in Japan
Recent years have seen a significant shift in the study of new religious movements. In Satanism studies, interest has moved to anthropological and historical work on groups and inviduals. Self-declared Satanism, especially as a religion with cultural production and consumption, history, and organization, has largely been neglected by academia. This volume, focused on modern Satanism as a practiced religion of life-style, attempts to reverse that trend with 12 cutting-edge essays from the emerging field of Satanism studies. Topics covered range from early literary Satanists like Blake and Shelley, to the Californian Church of Satan of the 1960s, to the radical developments that have taken place in the Satanic milieu in recent decades. The contributors analyze such phenomena as conversion to Satanism, connections between Satanism and political violence, 19th-century decadent Satanism, transgression, conspiracy theory, and the construction of Satanic scripture. A wide array of methods are employed to shed light on the Devil's disciples: statistical surveys, anthropological field studies, philological examination of The Satanic Bible, contextual analysis of literary texts, careful scrutiny of obscure historical records, and close readings of key Satanic writings. The book will be an invaluable resource for everyone interested in Satanism as a philosophical or religious position of alterity rather than as an imagined other.
Death and bereavement : the psychological religious and cultural interfaces
The shadows and lights of Waco : millennialism today
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
Wicca for life : the way of the craft - from birth to Summerland
The book of enlightened masters : western teachers in eastern traditions
Destroying the world to save it : Aum Shinrikyō, apocalyptic violence, and the new global terrorism
Religion in modern Britain
New religious movements : a practical introduction
America's alternative religions
Cult and countercult : a study of a spiritual growth group and a witchcraft order
New religions as global cultures : making the human sacred
Confessions of a God-Seeker : a journey to higher consciousness
Cults and new religious movements : a reader
Prophets and protons : new religious movements and science in late twentieth-century America
A humorous look at intelligent design as presented through the religious beliefs of "Pastafarianism." It argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe through a compilation of FSM scripture, observances, rites, and answers to the Big Questions of life
Religion and change in contemporary Asia
Modern Japanese religions : with special emphasis upon their doctrines of healing
Children of the New Age : a history of spiritual practices
Identity of peripheries : minorities, borderlands and outskirts
New religions : based on papers read at the Symposium on New Religions held at Åbo on the 1st-3rdf of September 1974
The new religious consciousness
Secularization : an analysis at three levels
Seeker churches : promoting traditional religion in a nontraditional way
Orthodoxy and the religion of the future
Understanding the Brahma Kumaris
Give me that online religion
The laws of eternity : unfolding the secrets of the multidimensional universe
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 5, African diaspora traditions and other American innovations
Challenging religion : essays in honour of Eileen Barker
Teaching new religious movements
"This new survey text for comparative religion, authored and edited by Lawrence Sullivan, successfully marries traditional approaches with analysis drawn from anthropology and sociology to explain the making of meaning in leading religious traditions. Sacred space, ritual performance, sacred texts, historical overviews and phenomenological insights are all examined in this full-color text to show the rich diversity of religious belief and practice. Distinctive in this volume are separate chapters on the diversity of Christianity across the globe. Features include numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy, and a glossary."--Publisher description.
Millennium rage : survivalists, white supremacists, and the Doomsday prophecy
New religions and new religiosity
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 1, History and controversies
Studying new religions
Labyrinths : ancient myths & modern uses
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge - its practice in dark magic and meaning making
Controversial new religions
The world's weirdest cults
A pagan testament : the literary heritage of the world's oldest new religion
How to analyse practice in the New Age movement
The re-enchantment of the West. Volume 1, Alternative spiritualities, sacralization, popular culture, and occulture
The sacred in a secular age : toward revision in the scientific study of religion
New age spirituality : rethinking religion
The Oxford handbook of new religious movements
New religious movements in Sweden : conversion, commitment and relation to sociocultural environment
"How stories enable us to identify the inner spiritual aspects within our material world and participate in the evolution of human consciousness foretold by ancient myths"--Provided by publisher.
Gedatsu-Kai and religion in contemporary Japan : returning to the center
Earthly bodies, magical selves : contemporary pagans and the search for community
The Order of Christ Sophia (OCS) is a small New Religion which, in the short span of eight years, has evoked intense controversy. Beyond surveying the history, doctrines and practices of this unusual group, Lewis brings data from his study of the OCS to bear on many items of conventional wisdom in the New Religions field.
Celebrity gods : new religions, media, and authority in occupied Japan
Religion and ritual in Korean society
Belief transformations : some aspects of the relation between science and religion in Transcendental Meditation (TM) and the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON)
This text provides a succinct and balanced overview of Japanese religions. Michiko Yusa covers both major and minor Japanese beliefs including: Shinto, Buddhism, Christianity, Taoism and Confucianism.
The world's religions : continuities and transformations
Children of Jesus and Mary : the Order of Christ Sophia
Bibliography of Japanese new religions : with annotations and an introduction to Japanese new religions at home and abroad : plus an appendix on Aum Shinrikyõ
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Raising the devil : Satanism, new religions, and the media
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
The hidden connections : a science for sustainable living
Sex, death and witchcraft : a contemporary pagan festival
Sacred longings
Japanese religion : a survey
The celestine vision : living the new spiritual awareness
The Gospels as a mandala of wisdom
Who is my neighbour? : world faiths : understanding and communicating
Autobiography of a Yogi
The Indian factor in new religious movements: a religio-psychological perspective
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
The Bloomsbury Companion to New Religious Movements covers key themes such as charismatic leadership, conversion and brainwashing, prophecy and millennialism, violence and suicide, gender and sexuality, legal issues, and the portrayal of New Religious Movements by the media and anti-cult organisations. Several categories of new religions receive special attention, including African new religions, Japanese new religions, Mormons, and UFO religions. This guide to New Religious Movements and their critical study brings together 29 world-class international scholars, and serves as a resource to students and researchers. The volume highlights the current state of academic study in the field, and explores areas in which future research might develop. Clearly and accessibly organised to help users quickly locate key information and analysis, the book includes an A to Z of key terms, extensive guides to further resources, a comprehensive bibliography, and a timeline of major developments in the field such as the emergence of new groups, publications, legal decisions, and historical events.
The HarperCollins Dictionary of religion
Aliens adored : Raël's UFO religion
Hinduism : approaches and knowledge in the western world
Religion in Japanese history
Introduction
The return of ancestral gods : modern Ukrainian paganism as an alternative vision for a nation
The Branch Davidians of Waco : the history and beliefs of an apocalyptic sect
Moon sisters, Krishna mothers, Rajneesh lovers : women's roles in new religions
New religions and the theological imagination in America
New religious in global perspective
Revisionism and diversification in new religious movements
The science of happiness : a missiological study of a Japanese new religion, "The Institute for Research in Human Happiness" (IRH) (Kōfuku no kagaku)
The Oxford handbook of new religious movements. Volume II
Religions of the world : an introduction to culture and meaning
Turning east : why Americans look to the Orient for spirituality - and what that search can mean to the West
Sects, cults, and spiritual communities : a sociological analysis
Wicca & witchcraft for dummies
The Devil's party : Satanism in modernity
Embracing the witch and the goddess : feminist ritual-makers in New Zealand
Religions of Korea in practice
Challenges of religious plurality for eastern and central Europe
When everything changes, change everything : in a time of turmoil, a pathway to peace
Encyclopedia of new Religious movements
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 3, Metaphysical, New Age, and neopagan movements
The secret world of cults : from ancient druids to Heaven's gate
New Age and holistic beliefs and practices - sometimes called the "new spirituality" - are widely distributed across modern global society. The fluid and popular nature of new age makes these movements a very challenging field to understand using traditional models of religious analysis. Rather than treating new age as an exotic specimen on the margins of "proper" religion, New Age Spirituality examines these movements as a form of everyday or lived religion. The book brings together an international range of scholars to explore the key issues: insight, healing, divination, meditation, gnosis, extraordinary experiences, and interactions with gods, spirits and superhuman powers. Combining discussion of contemporary beliefs and practices with cutting-edge theoretical analysis, the book repositions new age spirituality at the forefront of the contemporary study of religion.- Back cover.
The New Age : an anthology of essential writings
Imagining the supernatural north
Sahaja Yoga : socializing processes in a South Asian new religious movement
Strange gods : the great American cult scare
Perspectives on new religious movements
The great approach  : new light and life for humanity
One foot in Atlantis : the secret occult history of World War II and its impact on new age politics
New religions : a guide : new religious movements, sects, and alternative spiritualities
Korean spirituality
Rethinking the place of religion in Finland
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 4, Asian traditions
Straight with the medicine : narratives of Washoe followersof the Tipi Way
Introduction to new and alternative religions in America. Volume 2, Jewish and Christian traditions
Japanese religions
Traditional organization and content informs this new text which is distinguished by its anthropological and sociological analysis. Sacred space, ritual performance, and sacred texts figure significantly in each religious traditions portrait, along with historical overviews and phenomenological insights and a focus on diverse groups or sects within each tradition. Unlike other texts, Christianity is broken out among its major divisions (early/primitive, Roman Catholic, Orthodox, and Protestant). Features include a full-color interior, numerous photographs of art and artifacts, maps, timelines, tables, textboxes, pedagogy (outlines, questionsend of chapter and possibly integrated into the text, key terms, reading lists), and a glossary.
The end of the world as we know it : faith, fatalism, and apocalypse in America
Dictionary of contemporary religion in the Western world
Precessional time and the evolution of consciousness : how stories create the world
New religious movements in Europe
Singing with Sai Baba : the politics of revitalization in Trinidad
A guide to the mysteries : an ageless wisdom digest for the New Age
Ghana's new Christianity : Pentecostalism in a globalising African economy
Co-creation
Witching culture : folklore and neo-paganism in America
A politics of virtue : Hinduism, sexuality, and countercolonial discourse in Fiji
The science of the soul : consisting of [Discourses and excerpts from letters]
Handbook of Nordic new religions
World-rejection, world-affirmation, and goal displacement : some aspects of change in three new religious movements of Hindu origin
The re-enchantment of the West. Vol. 2, Alternative spiritualities, sacralization, popular culture, and occulture
Santo Daime : a new world religion
The masters and their retreats
Religion and globalization : critical concepts in social studies. Vol. 2, Westernization of religion and its counter-trends
Emerging trajectories of religious change in Finland
The Bloomsbury companion to new religious movements
The Brahma Kumaris are a new spiritual tradition. The movement now has over 450,000 adherents world-wide in more than 100 countries. In this book Frank Whaling seeks to understand the Brahma Kumaris. As with all spiritual traditions, the Brahma Kumaris are different, bewildering, fascinating in their newness and in their complexity.
