http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16668 prenatal exercise
prenatal exercise pregnancy workout
The Pilates pregnancy : a low-impact exercise programme for maintaining strength and flexibility
Post pregnancy shape shifter : regain your pre-pregnancy figure through 10 exercises
Post pregnancy shape shifter : regain your pre-pregnancy figure throught 10 key exercises
Expecting a baby? : a complete guide to pregnancy, birth and your baby's first six weeks
The complete workout book
Preparing for birth with yoga
Pregnancy and fitness : all you need to know to exercise safely and effectively throughout pregnancy
Bump it up : the dynamic, flexible exercise and healthy eating plan for before, during and after pregnancy
Pilates for pregnancy : safe and natural exercises for before and after the birth
Yoga for mother and baby
Baby om : yoga for mothers and babies
The FitMama method : the complete guide to confidence and fitness for birth
Shape up during pregnancy : your complete ante-natal exercise programme
Super fit mama : stay fit during pregnancy and get your body back after baby
Pilates for pregnancy : the ultimate exercise guide to see you through pregnancy and beyond
Fit for birth and beyond : the guide for women over 35
Exercise during the three trimesters of pregnancy
Your fit pregnancy : nutrition & exercise handbook
"Positive and accessible, Your Fit Pregnancy breaks down exercise and nutrition into a trimester-by-trimester guide, with workouts (focusing on strength training, cardio, and yoga and stretching), plus meal plans and 50 recipes like Pumpkin Granola Yogurt Parfait, Smoky Corn and Edamame Beef Chili, and Simple Ginger Soy Poached Salmon.  Author Erica Willick is a mother, two-time North American fitness champion, and founder of Sisters in Shape who also write a blog about pre- and postnatal fitness and health.  She says in the introduction, '...these principles and programs were made to help you navigate through your pregnancy journey healthier and even fitter,'"--page [4] of cover.
In Bump it up, Greg clears away the confusion and dispels the many myths surrounding exercise and pregnancy to offer invaluable guidance on how to exercise safely and eat healthily through each trimester and beyond. Describing pregnancy as a two-year journey, not merely one that lasts for nine months, Greg, a father of three, also explains how the right exercise and a healthy, balanced lifestyle will...
Mums shape up
Swiss ball : for strength, tone, and posture
Fit for two : the official YMCA prenatal exercise guide
The female pelvis : anatomy & exercises
Many women lack knowledge about exercise during pregnancy and its safety. Pregnancy is not an easy path in a woman`s life with all the changes the body and mind have to go through. It brings problematic issues such as weight gain and postural changes with it. However, with the right kind of exercise, both the weight gain and posture should stay in good limits. (ACOG 2009.) Whether the gravid is a beginner or already familiar with exercising, there are always specific guidelines that need to be taken into consideration during each trimester. Special conditions have to be taken into consideration as well such as twin gestation and general or gestational diseases. Nutrition is a part of healthy lifestyle and exercise and this is especially true during pregnancy and therefore greater attention should be paid on that. There is no need to eat for two but the amount of exercise  increases the energy need which leads to one eating more. Hydration cannot be forgotten either. (UKK-instituutti 2011.) The task of the thesis is to create a web page where everyone can see the instructions for exercising. The aim of the thesis is to give more knowledge to people about the safety and importance of exercise during the three trimesters of pregnancy. Internet webpages were created to Terveysnetti. The webpages also include videos and the purpose is to provide knowledge to pregnant women about exercising during the three trimesters and all the necessary information is available at any time. Webpages were made on the basis of specific guidelines created for health education in the internet (Yadrich et al. 2012, 46-51). Videos entail women on their second and third trimester exercising. More research should be done on this topic. Many pregnant women still lack knowledge about exercising and whether if it is safe or not. It has been scientifically proved by some research articles that there are very few risks if at all on exercising while pregnant. Therefore there should not be any big ethical barriers anymore against doing more research about it.
Pilates for pregnancy : the ultimate exercise guide to see you through pregnancy and beyond / Lynne Robinson with Kate Fernyhough ; photography by Dan Duchars
Aqua yoga : harmonizing exercises in water for pregnancy, birth and beyond
