http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16624 food policy
food policy
A sociology of food and nutrition : the social appetite
Evolution and implementation of multifunctionality-related policies in China and Finland
Food sovereignty in international context : discourse, politics and practice of place
Research in human capital and development. Vol. 8, Nutrition, food policy and development
Food security in the Russian Federation
Towards a new agricultural revolution : research, technology transfer, and application for food security in Africa
Agricultural and food policy
The vegetarian myth: food, justice, and sustainability
Strategy and vision for FAO's work in nutrition
The state of food insecurity in the world : how does international price volatility affect domestic economies and food security?
Good practices in building innovative rural institutions to increase food security
The Global Forum on Food Security and Nutrition : online discussions that make a difference
Policy assistance series
Trade reforms and food security : country case studies and synthesis
From farm to fork : safe food for Europe's consumers
Eco crime and genetically modified food
National and regional self-sufficiency goals : implications for international agriculture
Food, population and employment in China
Agricultural and food policy : issues and alternatives for the 1990s : papers presented at the National Agricultural and Food Policy Workshop, November 16 - 17, 1989, Washington, D.C
The food system : a guide
Review of agricultural policies : Latvia
The right to food and the responsible governance of tenure : a dialogue towards implementation
A time to choose : summary report on the structure of agriculture
Handbook of agricultural economics. Volume 2B, Agricultural and food policy
The origins and development of food policies in Europe
Non-distorting farm support to enhance global food production
Liberalized and neglected? : food marketing policies in Eastern Africa
Manuals of food quality control. 11, Management of food control programmes
Eat your heart out : why the food business is bad for the planet and your health
Agriculture and international relations : analysis and policy : essays in memory of Theodor Heidhues
Food wars : the global battle for mouths, minds and markets
The right to food : in theory and practice
Sharing innovation : global perspectives on food, agriculture, and rural development : papers and proceedings of a colloquium organized by the Smithsonian Institution
Food economics : industry and markets
Food and agriculture policy decisions : trends, emerging issues and policy alignments since the 2007/08 food security crisis
Pet food politics : the Chihuahua in the coal mine
Completing the food chain : strategies for combating hunger and malnutrition
FAO review of agricultural commodity policies
The state of food insecurity in the world 2013 : the multiple dimensions of food security
Food security in Cambodia : a preliminary assessment
Africa's agrarian crisis : the roots of famine
Home grown : the case for local food in a global market
A national policy model for the Hungarian food and agriculture sector
Scenarios for future agriculture in Finland : a Delphi study among agri-food sector stakeholders
The political economy of agro-food markets in China : a social construction of the markets in an era of globalization
Not on the label : what really goes into the food on your plate
Report of the FAO/CIFA/NACA Expert Consultation on the Intensification of Food Production in Low Income Food Deficit Countries through Aquaculture : Bhubaneswar, India, 16-19 October 2001.
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
The development of competitive advantage : an identification of competitive strategy patterns in food manufacturing firms
"With the global population projected to reach 9 billion by the year 2050, the need for nations to secure food supplies for their populations has never been more pressing. Finding better supply chain solutions is an essential part of achieving a secure and sustainable diet for a rapidly increasing population. We are now in a position, through methods including life cycle assessment (LCA), carbon footprinting and other tools, to accurately measure and assess our use - or misuse - of natural resources, including food. The impact of new technologies and management systems can therefore improve efficiencies and find new ways to reduce waste.Global Food Security and Supply provides robust, succinct information for people who want to understand how the global food system works. The book demonstrates the specific tools available for understanding how food supply works, addresses the challenges facing a secure and safe global food supply, and helps readers to appreciate how these challenges might be overcome.This book is a concise and accessible text that focuses on recent data and findings from a range of international collaborations and studies. The author provides both a snapshot of global food supply and security today, and a projection of where these issues may lead us in the future. This book will therefore be of particular interest to food policy leaders, commercial managers in the food industry, and researchers and students seeking a better understanding of a rapidly evolving topic"--
The ecosocial transition of societies : the contribution of social work and social policy
International agri-food chains and networks : management and organization
Food politics : how the food industry influences nutrition and health
When the potato failed : causes and effects of the 'last' European subsistence crisis, 1845-1850
Food security in Africa : market and trade policy for staple foods in Eastern and southern Africa
The Oxford handbook of food, politics, and society
Between 2007 and 2008, the world experienced a dramatic swing in commodity prices. Eastern and Southern African countries experienced considerable difficulties due to the price food swing. The food price boom resulted in increased poverty and significant food security problems as households struggled to meet the high cost of food. The decline in exports due to weak demand, decreased foreign investment and migrant remittances, as well as high unemployment all added to the burden of already vulnerable African Countries. Policy reactions to the food price surge have been prompt in many developing countries. The key objective of this title is to discuss feasible approaches for the economic management of food price booms and slumps. As a first step to policy assessment, the paper also reviews the nature of the food price swing, analyzes its impact on both household and wider economy levels and examines the policies that have been, or are currently being implemented in Eastern and Southern Africa.--Publisher's description.
EU food aid and food security programme : towards recipient country ownership of food security
The political economy of genetically modified foods
EU food law and policy
Economic adjustment under the Sandinistas : policy reform, food security and livelihood in Nicaragua
Regulating markets, regulating people : on food and nutrition policy
Food security, nutrition and sustainability
The 2007-2008 food price swing : impact and policies in Eastern and Southern Africa
Figures for food in Africa : proceedings of the workshop 'statistics in support of African food policies and strategies', Brussels, 13 to 16 May 1986.
Food policy : integrating health, environment and society
Methods to monitor the human right to adequate food. Vol. 2, An overview of approaches and tools
Right to food - making it happen : progress and lessons learned through implementation
Political economy of food : proceedings of an international seminar
Food aid and the disincentive effect in Tanzania
Drought and famine relationships in Sudan : policy implications
Food policy for developing countries : the role of government in global, national, and local food systems
European policy for quality : agricultural products
Report of the World Food Summit : 13-17 November 1996. Part one
Finland's food production system and European integration : aspects of integration in marginal agriculture
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Food and economics
The rice crisis : markets, policies and food security
Food policy : integrating supply, distribution, and consumption
Food security of Nigeria : institutional support through micro-credit for soyabean production
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Famine in Ethiopia : policy implications of coping failure at national and household levels
The state of food insecurity in the world 2014 : strengthening the enabling environment for food security and nutrition
Impact of agricultural market liberalization on food security in developing countries : a comparative study of Kenya and Zambia
The omnivore's dilemma : the search for a perfect meal in a fast-food world
The 5th world food survey
Routledge handbook of food and nutrition security
EU policy for agriculture, food and rural areas
Capacity development in food and agriculture policies
Improving diets and nutrition : food-based approaches
The construction of food and meal culture for political and commercial ends: : EU-summits, rural businesses and world exhibitions
Nutrition and health in developing countries
The concept of food and nutrition security has evolved and risen to the top of the international policy agenda over the last decade. Yet it is a complex and multi-faceted issue, requiring a broad and inter-disciplinary perspective for full understanding. This Handbook represents the most comprehensive compilation of our current knowledge of food and nutrition security from a global perspective. It is organized to reflect the wide scope of the contents, its four sections corresponding to the accepted current definitional frameworks prevailing in the work of multilateral agencies and mainstream scholarship. The first section addresses the struggles and progression of ideas and debates about the subject in recent years. The other sections focus on three key themes: how food has been, is and should be made available, including by improvements in agricultural productivity; the ways in which politico-economic and social arenas have shaped access to food; and the effects of food and nutrition systems in addressing human health, known as food utilisation. Overall, the volume synthesizes a vast field of information drawn from agriculture, soil science, climatology, economics, sociology, human and physical geography, the nutrition and health sciences, environmental science and development studies.
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
The new regulation and governance of food : beyond the food crisis?
The environment and security in Pacific Asia
Economic reform and Third-World socialism : a political economy of food policy in post-revolutionary societies
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Global aspects of food production
The Oxford handbook of the economics of food consumption and policy
Global food security and supply
EU food aid and food security programme : towards recipient country ownership of food security : bi-annual report 1998-1999
This groundbreaking book both explains and expands the growing debate on ecological (environmental) social work at the global level. In order to achieve this, the book strengthens the environmental paradigm in social work and social policy by undertaking further research on theoretical and conceptual clarification as well as distinct reflections on its practical directions. Divided into five parts: concepts; the impact of environmental crises; sustainable communities and lifestyles; food politics; and the profession in transition, this work's main objective is to place ecological social work as a part of the more comprehensive and interdisciplinary eco-social transition of societies towards sustainability, balancing economic and social development with the limited resources of the natural environment. By focussing on these five core concepts, it shows how social work and social policy contribute to this transition through having a research-based approach and orientation on solutions rather than problem analysis. The book will be of interest to scholars from a broad range of disciplines, including those in social work and social policy, sustainability, economics, agriculture and environmental studies.
Policies for basic food commodities 2003-2004
Hunger and public action
Ethics and the politics of food : preprints of the 6th Congress of the European Society for Agricultural and Food Ethics : EurSAFE 2006, Oslo, Norway, June 22-24, 2006
Seeds of change : five plants that transformed mankind
Report of the World Food Summit: five years later, 10-14 June 2002.. P. 1.
Managing the livestock revolution : policy and technology to address the negative impacts of a fast-growing sector
Commercialization of agriculture under population pressure : effects on production, consumption, and nutrition in Rwanda
Agriculture and food in crisis : conflict, resistance, and renewal
Feeding China : the experience since 1949
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
The politics of dietary change
The future of food business : the facts, the impacts, the acts
Food policy trends in Europe
Challenges and threats for agricultural advisory services created by global market situation and new emphasis on rural areas : a seminar in Helsinki 10.-12.12.1991, organized by University of Helsinki and Scandinavian Association of Agricultural Scientists
