http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16692 boreal zone
boreal zone
Resources and dynamics of the boreal zone : proceedings of a conference held at Thunder Bay, Ontario, August, 1982
Long-term impacts of climate change on productivity, timber production and carbon sequestration in boreal forests
Land cover and forest mapping in boreal zone using polarimetric and interferometric SAR data
Modelling boreal forest CO2 exchange and seasonality
Role of temperature in the biological activity of a boreal forest
Development of biogenic VOC emission inventories for the boreal forest
Physical properties of a boreal clay soil under differently managed perennial vegetation : doctoral dissertation
Development of species composition during succession is well studied in natural boreal forests, but empirical assessments of how within-stand spatial structure develops in late-successional stages are few. Here, we quantified spatial patterns in three unmanaged stands consisting of Picea abies (L.) Karst. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. and Betula pendula Roth (hereafter Betula spp.) in northern boreal Fennoscandia. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of small-scale spatial point patterns in three fully mapped 1.2-ha sample plots, representing different forest developmental stages: mid-successional, late-successional and old-growth forest. We used several variants of Ripley's K-function to analyze the spatial point patterns along the successional gradient. Univariate analyses showed that mature trees of both species were either randomly distributed or clumped. P. abies saplings were clumped, and Betula spp. saplings occurred in a random or clumped manner. In the bivariate analyses, saplings were more likely to be found in the surroundings of mature trees of the same species, but occurred independent of the individuals of other tree species. Mature trees showed interspecific repulsion. Only modest differences occurred in the univariate patterns between the three successional stages, but in the bivariate analyses the most evident patterns, i.e. intraspecific attraction and interspecific repulsion, were stronger in the older successional stages. Overall, the studied stands appear structured as species-specific mosaics. These mosaics, along with mixed species composition, seem to be maintained by species self-replacement, which contrasts with findings from earlier studies..
Production of nitrous oxide (N2O) and nitric oxide (NO) in boreal agricultural soils at low temperature
Simulation of carbon budget for forests and wood-based products : an application for boreal conditions in Finland
Remote sensing of boreal land cover : estimation of forest attributes and extent
Feeding ecology and behaviour of pikeperch, Sander lucioperca (L.) in boreal lakes
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Abstract: The necessity to study more intensively the common species in an area is stressed. These species form the vegetation. The rare species, often one third of more of a general floristic list, are from a synecological point of view in some way ornaments only...
Restoration of ecosystem structure and function in boreal spruce swamp forests
Ecology of woody debris in boreal forests
Productivity of the forest ecosystem under the changing climate in the northern and southern boreal zones with implications for stem wood production and timber yield
Boreal environment research
Climate change and boreal rivers : predicting present-day patterns and future changes in hydrological regime and its effects on river communities
Ecological processes and large-scale climate relationships in northern coniferous forests
The structure of zooplankton communities in large boreal lakes and assessment of zooplankton methodology
Overwintering ecology of northern field layer plants : snow and photosynthesis in Vaccinium vitis-idaea L.
Stand level analysis on the effects of management and climate change on the growth and timber yield with implications on carbon stocks in boreal forest ecosystem : a model based approach
Boreal forest and climate change
Long-term impacts of climate change on productivity, timber production and carbon sequestration in boreal forests : model-based analysis for Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
Variation in temperature challenges crop production and animal farming. Elevated temperatures are often harmful, though may also open opportunities at high latitudes. Impacts depend on the vulnerability of the object, production system and their resilience to climatic variability. The station-wise temperature observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for a time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to measure the likelihood for: 1) elevated temperatures of a) ≥1 °C above normal for three weeks, b) ≥2 °C above normal for two weeks and c) ≥3 °C above normal for one week, and 2) heatwaves with daily maximum temperature >25 °C for: a) 5 days (short) or b) 14 days (long episode). We also estimated the likelihood of warm winds in the early growing season which may enhance pest migration. We found large spatial and temporal variations in the likelihoods of elevated temperatures with many impacts on crop production, animal farming and welfare. In fact, only 1 °C temperature elevation may already be harmful, though in some cases also beneficial depending on region and vulnerability or adaptation of the object and production system. Though we show only some examples of the potential impacts of temperature variation on high latitude agro-ecosystems, these data are valuable as such for much wider applications in agriculture and beyond that.
Biotic oxidation of methane in landfills in boreal climatic conditions
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
The boreal zone and its biotic subdivision
Long-term dynamics in growth of Scots pine and Siberian spruce in Komi Republic (European part of Russia)
The course of ecological seasons in North European in the middle and north boreal regions of Northern Europe for climate change during the last 25 years : the examples of Svartberget (Sweden) and Oulanka (Finland)
Common species in the northern part of the Boreal Region of Canada: an essay
Potential of forest biomass production and utilization for mitigation of climate change in boreal conditions
Disturbance dynamics in boreal forests : with the main theme: restoration and management of biodiversity : Kuhmo, Finland, August 21-25, 2000 : abstracts
Factors controlling nitrous oxide emissions from drained peat soils : effects of wood ash fertilization
Impacts of ungulates in boreal forest and subarctic tundra ecosystems in Finland
Photosynthesis of ground vegetation in boreal Scots pine forests
Carbon fractions and stocks in organic layers in boreal forest soils : impacts of climatic and nutritional conditions
Microclimate studies in silvicultural systems on the Chilcotin Plateau of British Columbia : the Itcha-Ilgachuz Projecgt (1997-2003)
Drivers of regional and local boreal forest dynamics during the Holocene
From a tree to a stand in Finnish boreal forests : biomass estimation and comparison of methods
Restoration and reclamation of boreal ecosystems : attaining sustainable development
Polypore assemblages in boreal old-growth forests, and associated Coleoptera
Macrobenthos communities in bog poolsat Alkkianneva mire, SW Finland - pilot study
Ecology, environmental requirements and conservation of corticioid fungi occupying small diameter dead wood
Resistance and recolonization of bryophyte assemblages following disturbances : detecting patterns and exploring mechanisms
The importance of novel ecosystems for biodiversity : a study of ground beetles (Carabidae) on afforested fields
Structural dynamics at boreal forest edges created by a spruce budworm outbreak
Radiative transfer simulations link boreal forest structure and shortwave albedo
Diversity of fungus gnats (Diptera, Mycetophilidae s.l.) in managed and semi-natural boreal forests of southern and central Finland
Root system traits of Norway spruce, Scots pine, and silver birch in mixed boreal forests : an analysis of root architecture, morphology, and anatomy
Carbon cycling in boreal peatlands and climate change : proceedings of the international workshop Hyytiälä Forestry Station, Finland, 28 September - 1 October, 1992
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Seed ecophysiology of temperate and boreal zone forest trees
Plant biomarkers as a proxy to study highly decomposed fen peat
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
Chemical characterization of urban backround aerosol using online and filter methods
Boreal forest leaf area index from optical satellite images : model simulations and empirical analyses using data from central Finland
Natura 2000 in the Boreal region
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Microbial production of nitrous oxide and nitric oxide in boreal peatlands
A fractional snow cover mapping method for optical remote sensing data, applicable to continental scale
Ecological systems of the geobiosphere. 3, Temperate and polar zonombiomes of northern Eurasia
Innovative silviculture systems in boreal forests : proceedings : a symposium held in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada October 2-8, 1994
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
The last of the last : the old-growth forests of boreal Europe
Investigation on the backscattering properties of Finnish boreal forests at C- and X-band : a semi-empirical modeling approach
Monitoring of local reflectance changes in boreal forests using satellite data
Redox reactions and water quality in cultivated boreal acid sulphate soils in relation to water management
The open boreal woodland subzone and its relation to reindeer husbandry
Trophic cascades in boreal landscapes : top predator protection on tree seedlings and forest grouse
The impact of climatic variations on agriculture. Vol. 1, Assessments in cool temperate and cold regions
Water quality estimation by optical remote sensing in boreal lakes
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
Alaska's changing boreal forest
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Plant biodiversity in boreal wood-pastures : impacts of grazing and abandonment
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
Predictive models in assessment of macroinvertebrates in boreal rivers
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
Carbon gas concentrations and fluxes in lake Vesijärvi : possible effects of artificial aeration
A comparison of the impacts of introduced signal crayfish and native noble crayfish in boreal lake ecosystems
Spatial tree community structure in three stands across a forest succession gradient in northern boreal Fennoscandia
Characteristics of seedling flora and soil seed bank in alpine vegetation, subarctic Finland
Effects of forest fragmentation on reproductive success of birds in boreal forests
Natural disturbances such as insect outbreaks create boundaries that influence vegetation patterns and ecological processes.  To better understand the effects of natural edge creation on relatively intact forests and adjacent disturbed areas, we investigated forest structure on both sides of 30 year-old forest edges created by a spruce budworm (Choristoneura fumiferana Clemens) outbreak in the boreal forest of Cape Breton Highlands National Park, Canada.  Our objectives were: 1) to determine edge influence (compared to interior forest) and forest influence (compared to disturbed areas) on vegetation structure, and 2) to gain insight into the structural development of the edges.  Canopy cover, tree density, radial growth and deadwood were sampled in 5 m x 20 m plots along 120 m transects across six edges.  Randomization tests were used to estimate the magnitude and distance of edge and forest influence.  Narrow transition zones approximately 10 m wide characterized the spruce budworm-induced edges.  Edge influence did not extend into the forest; however, forest influence on structure was detected up to 40 m from the edge into the disturbed area.  We found evidence of the insect outbreak in the form of reduced radial growth during the disturbance across the entire disturbed area-forest gradient, which indicates that spruce budworm activity may not have ceased directly at the edge.  Tree mortality caused by the insect outbreak resulted in snags, many of which have transformed into logs since the outbreak collapsed.  Spruce budworm outbreak-induced forest edges are narrow but dynamic boundaries separating two distinct vegetation communities in the boreal landscape..
Insect biodiversity studies in the boreal forests of Alberta, Canada
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
The effects of habitat changes, conservation measures and interspecific interactions on forest-dwelling hawks
Towards a better understanding of the systematics and diversity of Cortinarius, with an emphasis on species growing in boreal and temperate zones of Europe and North America
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: I Elevated temperatures
Disturbance dynamics in boreal forest
Preliminary estimate of long-term carbon accumulation and loss in 25 boreal peatlands
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Hydrological aspects of the carbon balance in a boreal catchment : a model study
On definition of ecoclimatic zones in Finland
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
The role of lakes for carbon cycling in boreal catchments
The role of lakes in carbon cycling in boreal catchments
"Boreal ecosystems contain one-third of the world's forests and stored carbon, but these regions are under increasing threat from both natural and anthropogenic disturbances. Written by leaders from the forefront of private, public and academic sectors Reclamation and restoration of boreal ecosystems emphasizes a broad, conceptual approach to the specific application of empirical research into development planning, restoration and modelling of these ecosystems, the importance of which is highlighted at a time of global climate change as they act as carbon sinks. There is a focus on the reclamation of exploited ecosystems from a holistic standpoint, ranging from environmental and edaphic variables to the restoration of keystone flora. Recent advances in quantification of ecosystem services, such as habitat suitability and carbon storage modelling are also detailed. The book contains case-studies which address how both historical and novel assemblages can provide ecosystem stability under projected climatic and land-use scenarios".
Archaea in the mycorrhizosphere of boreal forest trees
Sedimentary diatoms in inferring trophic status and limnological changes in boreal lakes
Biodiversity in the Fennoscandian boreal forests : natural variation and its management
Mass spectrometry of aerosols from boreal forests and wood combustion
Sorption behaviour of I-, SeO32- and Cs+ in an ombrotrophic boreal bog : a study on microbial effects
Global warming, forest biodiversity and conservation strategies in boreal landscapes
Overwintering strategies of a boreal small mammal in a changing climate
Impacts of ungulates in boreal forest and subarctic tundra ecosystems in    Finland
