http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16697 texts
texts
Copywriting : successful writing for design, advertising and marketing
Practical text analytics : interpreting text and unstructured data for business intelligence
Cuneiform parallels to the Old Testament
"Our lifestyle is not under negotiation" : the sociological presumptions in the work of Amartya Sen and in the World Bank's World development report
The fragmentary history of Priscus : Attila, the Huns and the Roman Empire, AD 430-476
Hume's scepticism and realism : his two profound arguments against the senses in an enquiry concerning human understanding
Music, text and translation
R and Data Mining : Examples and Case Studies
John Scattergood's 'John Skelton: The Complete English Poems', originally published in 1983, established itself as the leading academic edition with comprehensive notes. But it has long been out of print. In this revised edition the text is little altered, but the Introduction has been extensively updated to take account of recent Skelton scholarship and the section on Further Reading has been expanded to include the more important recent essays and books on the poet. The Notes have been thoroughly revised to bring them up to date and the Glossary has been expanded somewhat. A feature of this revised edition is that a more comprehensive account has been given of the Latin paratexts of some of the poems, which have assumed an increased importance in some recent Skelton scholarship. John Burrow, reviewing the original edition, wrote that it 'deserves to be accepted as the standard late-twentieth-century Skelton' (Times Literary Supplement, 1983). This revised and updated edition intends to make the book useful and authoritive for twenty-first century readers also. -- Publisher's description.
Cyber-bullying : issues and solutions for the school, the classroom and the home
Social linguistics and literacies : ideology in discourses
The reader on the 6.27
Cuneiform bullae of the third millenium B. C.
Resisting history : on the ethics of narrative representation
This book introduces using R for data mining. Data mining techniques are widely used in government agencies, banks, insurance, retail, telecom, medicine and research. Recently, there is an increasing tendency to do data mining with R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. According to a poll by KDnuggets.com in early 2011, R is the 2nd popular tool for data mining work. By introducing using R for data mining, this book will have a broad audience from both academia and industry. It targets researchers in the field of data mining, postgraduate students.
Psellos and the patriarchs : letters and funeral orations for Keroullarios, Leichoudes, and Xiphilinos
Gregory of Tours served as bishop of Tours, then a city in the Frankish kingdom, from 563 to 594. Acclaimed by the French as "the father of our history" on account of his History of the Franks, he also wrote stories about holy men and women and about wondrous events he experienced, witnessed, or knew as miracles. In our times many people deny the existence of miracles, while others use the term so loosely that it becomes almost meaningless. Must a true miracle transcend "natural laws"? Gregory's lively stories relate what he regarded as the visible results of holy power, direct or mediated, and its role in the lives of his contemporaries. His conversational narratives, which are largely without self-conscious stylistic effects, present unique, often moving, glimpses into his world. For Gregory, the frontiers between interior and exterior, God and matter, word or gesture and its referent, remained fluid.
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
The hymns
Assyrian and Babylonian chronicles
Shenoute's literary corpus. Vol. 2
Of all the classical poets Gaius Valerius Catullus (c. 84-54 BC) is the most accessible to the modern reader. Presented alongside the original Latin text, this new translation reflects Catullus' mastery of poetic forms as diverse as the lyric, the inventive epigram, and the romantic legend, and shows his passionate, and sometimes dedicated to his lover Lesbia. This edition also includes a introduction to the poet's life and work, and full explanatory notes.
Jerome, Vita Malchi : introduction, text, translation, and commentary
The homilies of Photius, Patriarch of Constantinople
SMS based Android asset tracking system
Itaipu ; The Canyon
Cyberactivism and the Arab spring : textual analysis of social media in the light of communication power structure, transnational learning and regional development
Þe instytucyonys and specyal dedys of relygyows carmelitys
The omen series Šumma Izbu. by Erle Leighty
Sale documents of the Ur-III-period
Hezekiah and the Assyrian spies : reconstruction of the Neo-Assyrian intelligence services and its significance for 2 kings 18-19
Form and meaning of Yasna 33
Slavonic parchment fragments in Sweden. 1, Paroemiarion, Triodion, Psalter : a text edition
Saddharmapundarīka manuscripts found in Gilgit. Part 1-2, 1: Photographic reproduction; 2: Romanized text
De sublimitate libellus in patrium sermonen conversus adnotationibusque instructus. 1
Re: distinguishing continuities : the case of discontinuities in conceptual schemas
A selection from the miscellaneous inscriptions of Assyria and Babylonia
Mindfulness of breathing (Ānāpānasati) : Buddhist texts from the Pali canon and extracts from the Pali commentaries
An analysis of cohesion in a popular music recording : Tori Amos's "Me and a gun", in its articulations of textual subjectivity
The Muqaddimah : an introduction to history
The Sutra of Hui Neng : Sutra spoken by the 6th patriarch on the high seat of "the treasure of the law" = Liu zu tan jing
Aldus Manutius (c. 1451–1515) was the most important and innovative scholarly publisher of the Renaissance. His Aldine Press was responsible for more first editions of classical literature, philosophy and science than any other publisher before or since. Aldus was particularly concerned to preserve through the printer's art the most important remains of Greek literature that had survived the age of the manuscript book, and to provide the literati of his own time with the tools they needed to keep the knowledge of Greek alive. This edition contains all of Aldus's prefaces to his editions of the Greek classics, translated for the first time into English, along with other illustrative writings by his collaborators. They provide unique insight into the world of scholarly publishing in Renaissance Venice.
De anima : books II and III (with certain passages from book I)
Ur excavations. Texts 2, Archaic texts
The word made flesh : literary tattoos from bookworms worldwide
The biblical world. Vol. 2
Myths of Enki, the crafty god
The Vedantic Buddhism of the Buddha : a collection of historical texts
Between city and school : selected orations of Libanius
Mobile messages : young people and a new communication culture
Psellos and the Patriarchs: Letters and Funeral Orations for Keroullarios, Leichoudes, and Xiphilinos contains translations of the funeral orations written by Michael Psellos, the leading Byzantine intellectual of the eleventh century, for the three ecumenical patriarchs of Constantinople whom he knew best: Michael Keroullarios (1043-1058), Konstantinos Leichoudes (1059-1063), and Ioannes Xiphilinos (1064-1075). The orations are significant sources for the lives and reputations of these patriarchs; they are also a prime source for the educational reforms made by the emperor Konstantinos IX Monomachos in the mid-1040s, and for many events of that turbulent century that Psellos witnessed, including popular uprisings, plots, civil wars, and the battle with the Catholic legates in 1054. Never before translated into English, the orations and letters are introduced by a detailed analysis of Psellos' historical relationships with the patriarchs and an interpretation of the works.
Old Babylonian inscriptions chiefly from Nippur
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
Ur excavations. Texts 5, Letters and documents of the Old-Babylonian period
Language of interaction in online shopping
The Dead Sea scrolls in English
How to write copy that sells : the step-by-step system for more sales, to more customers, more often
Odyssey. Books XVII-XVIII
Sh*t rough drafts : pop culture's favorite books, movies,  and tv shows as they might have been
Exploiting the international corpus of learner English (ICLE)
Christianity in the later Roman empire : a sourcebook
Babylonian historical-literary texts
Ur excavations. Texts 4, Business documents of the New-Babylonian period
The Hebrew text of the Old Testament : the readings adopted by the translators of the new English Bible
140 characters : a style guide for the short form
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
The art of accidental reading and incidental listening : an empirical study on the viewing of subtitled films
Aeschylus starts his tetralogy boldly, making the Danaids themselves prologue, chorus and protagonist. Guided by their father Danaus, these girls have fled from Egypt, where their cousins want to marry them, to seek asylum in Argos: they claim descent from Io, who was driven to Egypt five generations earlier when Zeus' love for her was detected by jealous Hera. In the long first movement of the play the Danaids argue their claim, pressing it with song and dance of pathos and power, upon the reluctant Argive king. He, forced eventually by their threat of suicide, puts the case to his people, who vote to accept the girls, but while they sing blessings on Argos, Danaus spies their cousins' ships arriving. Left on their own when he goes for help, they sing more seriously of suicide, and seek sanctuary upstage when the Egyptians enter. A remarkable tussle of two choruses ensues; in the nick of time the king arrives, sees off the Egyptians (but they promise a return) and offers his hospitality. The girls want their father, however, and go when guided by him and his escort of Argive soldiers. Their final song has elements of wedding song in it; they share it, provocatively, with the Argives. The rest of the tetralogy is lost, but enough is known to indicate that marriage is the theme. Aeschylus probably surprised his first audience in his use of the myth; his command of theatre and poetry is fully mature.
The British royal family
Early Buddhist discourses
This sourcebook gathers into a single collection the writings that illuminate one of the most fundamental periods in the history of Christian Europe. Beginning from the Great Persecution of Diocletian and the conversion of Constantine the first Christian Roman emperor, the volume explores Christianity's rise as the dominant religion of the Later Roman empire and how the Church survived the decline and fall of Roman power in the west and converted the Germanic tribes who swept into the western empire. These years of crisis and transformation inspired generations of great writers, among them Eusebius of Caesarea, Ammianus Marcellinus, Julian 'the Apostate', Ambrose of Milan, John Chrysostom, Jerome and Augustine of Hippo. They were also years which saw Christianity face huge challenges on many crucial questions, from the evolution of Christian doctrine and the rise of asceticism to the place of women in the early Church and the emerging relationship between Church and state. All these themes will be made accessible to specialists and general readers alike, and the sourcebook will be invaluable for students and teachers of courses in history and church history, the world of late antiquity, and religious studies.
Ur excavations. Texts 1, Royal inscriptions
The Typikon decoded : an explanation of Byzantine liturgical practice
Text type distinctions and variation in English of software engineering
A manual of Sumerian grammar and texts
This volume offers a full analysis of one of the more intriguing works by a figure who is central to our understanding of Late Antiquity and early Christianity: the translator, exegete, and controversialist Jerome (c.347-419/20AD). The neglected text of the Vita Malchi - or, to use Jerome's title, the Captive Monk - recounts the experiences of Malchus, a monk abducted by nomadic Saracens on the Eastern fringe of the fourth-century Roman Empire, in what today is the border region between southern Turkey and Syria. Most of this short, vivid, and fast-paced narrative is recounted by Malchus in the first person. The volume's introduction provides background information on the author, Jerome, and the historical and linguistic context of the Life, as well as detailed discussion of the work's style and its reception of earlier Christian and classical literature, ranging from its relationship with comedy, epic, and the ancient novel to the Apocryphal Apostolic Acts and martyr narratives. An exposition of the manuscript evidence is then followed by a new edition of the Latin text with an English translation, and a comprehensive commentary. The commentary explores the complex intertextuality of the work and provides readers with an understanding of its background, originality, and significance; it elucidates not only literary and philological questions but also points of ethnography and topography, and intellectual and social history.
While not completely neglected as a late-antique epistolographer, Gelasius has mainly been considered as a theologian prominent in the Acacian schism and as a forerunner of the mediaeval papacy. This imbalance will be redressed by considering his letters on various problems of his time, such as displaced persons, persecution, ransoming captives, papal property management, social and clerical abuses involving servants, orphans, slaves and slave-owners, the ordination of lower classes, preferential treatment of upper classes, the role of the papal scrinium, violent deaths of bishops, and the celebration of the pagan festival of the Lupercalia. This approach will round out the existing portrait of Gelasius, and make a contribution to a new history of the late-antique papacy, which will revise the view that Gregory the Great was a stand-alone micro-manager without precedent. Comparisons with earlier fifth-century popes like Innocent I and Leo I, and with later popes like Hormisdas and Pelagius I, show the trajectory from Gelasius to Gregory I.
Selected Buddhist texts from the Pali canon. Vol. 2.
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
The treatise De mundo (On the Cosmos), dated around the 1st century BCE, offers a cosmology in the Peripatetic tradition which draws also on Platonic and Stoic thought and subordinates what happens in the cosmos to the might of an omnipotent god. Thus the work is paradigmatic for the philosophical and religious concepts of the early imperial age, which offer points of contact with nascent Christianity. In line with the aims of the SAPERE series, this volume on De mundo is explicitly interdisciplinary by nature, bringing together contributions from scholars from a broad spectrum of disciplines and specialisations which focus on specific topics, each from its own disciplinary perspective. The volume contains a Greek text and translation of De mundo as well as interpretive essays on the language and style, geography, cosmotheology and the reception in or possible influence of De mundo in various intellectual traditions.
Microsoft Word : basics
Finnish summary.
A concordance of Buddhist birth stories
Natural language processing for historical texts
A New Work by Apuleius presents what may be the first lengthy Latin text from antiquity to be published in almost a century. Marshalling evidence from the text, intertextual relationships, stylistics, stemmatics, codicology, and philosophy, it lays out a compelling case for attributing this work - a summary of 14 of Plato's dialogues - to the second-century polymath Apuleius, author of the Apology, the Florida, the Metamorphoses, and the De Platone, an introduction to Plato for Latin readers. First discovered by Raymond Klibansky, the text is transmitted in one important, but neglected, manuscript of Apuleius' philosophical works. In this volume, Stover reveals that this new work is in fact the lost third book of the De Platone, and provides the key to understanding Apuleius' use and interpretation of Plato. The volume demonstrates that the new work is one of the only extant examples of scholastic ephemera from antiquity, allowing us to see how Apuleius shaped his notes from reading Plato into an independent treatise. Situated between the Latin and Greek worlds as a Latin summary of a Greek text, the new work offers a fascinating insight into the practice of translation in the Latin world, the scholarly methods of antiquity, the development of Middle Platonism, and sheds new light on an under-appreciated facet of a celebrated author.
The book of the knight of La Tour-Landry, compiled for the instruction of his daughters, translated from the original French into English in the reign of Henry VI, and edited for the first time from the unique manuscript in the British Museum, Harl. 1764, and Caxton's print, A.D. 1484, with an introduction and notes by Thomas Wright
Frank Jacobs : five decades of his greatest works
The letters of Gelasius I (492-496) : pastor and micro-manager of the Church of Rome
The Gaṇeśa-Purāṇa. Part -I, Upāsanā Khaṇda
The new media and heterotopic technologies in the Philippines
"Juvenal's fourth book of Satires consists of three poems which are all concerned with contentment in various forms. These poems use enormous humour and wit to puncture the pretensions of the foolish and the wicked, urging an acceptance of our lives and a more positive stance towards life and death by mockery of the pompous and comic description of the rich and famous. The Introduction places Juvenal in the history of Satire and also explores the style of the poems as well as the degree to which they can be read as in any sense documents of real life. The text is accompanied by a literal English translation and the commentary is keyed to important words in the translation and aims to be accessible to readers with little or no Latin. It seeks to explain both the factual background to the poems and also the literary qualities which make this poetry exciting and moving to a modern audience."
The group of discourses (Sutta-Nipāta). Volume 1
Automated transient hypertext support for software maintenance
Love and friendship and other youthful writings
Pyrrhonian skepticism has gradually gained a stellar reputation. Rather than being dismissed as extremist and evidently implausible, as it often was in the past, it is now recognized as a philosophically sophisticated outlook, sympathetic to today's commitment to science as a longterm enterprise. Ancient skepticism is now seen as an important position in the history of philosophy and as addressing core questions in epistemology. It is worthwhile to be studied by anyone interested in the nature of investigation, knowledge, belief, language and action. Leading experts contribute to this volume, which offers a philosophical introduction, translation and commentary as well as scholarly essays on one of the most important texts about Pyrrhonian skepticism, Diogenes Laertius' report about Pyrrho and Timon in his Lives of Eminent Philosophers.
Ennead VI.4-5, originally written as a single treatise, contains Plotinus' most general and sustained exposition of the relationship between the intelligible and the sensible realms, addressing and coalescing two central issues in Platonism: the nature of the soul-body relationship and the nature of participation. Its main question is, How can soul animate bodies without sharing their extension? The treatise seems to have had considerable impact: it is much reflected in Porphyry's important work, Sententiae, and the doctrine of reception according to the capacity of the recipient, for which this treatise is the main source, resonated in medieval thinkers.
The biblical world. Vol. 1
The collection of the Sumerian temple hymns
The book of magic : from antiquity to the Enlightenment
The way of the Bodhisattva : a translation of the Bodhicharyāvatāra
Development of a Vision System and  Basic Drawing with NAO Robot
Oxford Classical Texts, also known as Scriptorum Classicorum Bibliotheca Oxoniensis, provide authoritative, clear, and reliable editions of ancient texts, with apparatus criticus on each page. Philostratus 'The Athenian' was well-respected in philosophical and imperial circles of the third century AD and he was the first to coin the phrase 'The Second Sophistic'. His semi-biographical Lives of the Sophists was highly influential on later Neoplatonist philosophy. Based on a comprehensive study of manuscript tradition, this critical edition of Philostratus' history of the Greek sophists takes into account all major scholarly work on the text which has emerged since the last critical edition appeared in 1871.
"Bridging the gap between the marketer who must put text analytics to use and the increasingly rarefied community of data analysis experts, Practical Text Analytics is an accessible guide to the many remarkable advances in text analytics that specialists are discussing among themselves. Instead of being a resource for programmers, a book on theory or an introduction on how to use advanced statistical programs, this daily reference resource cuts through the profusion of jargon, evaluating the strengths and weaknesses of various methods and serving as a guide to what is credible in this fast-moving and often confusing field. Practical Text Analytics provides guidance on the application of text analytics for marketing professionals who must interpret the results and apply them in their campaigns. It presents the process of analysis in ways that people who use the data need to see them, helping marketers to clarify and organize confidently the confusing array of methods, frame the right questions and apply the results successfully to find meaning in any unstructured data and develop powerful new marketing strategies. About the series: The Marketing Science series makes difficult topics accessible to marketing students and practitioners by grounding them in business reality. Each book is written by an expert in the field and includes case studies and illustrations so marketers can gain confidence in applying the tools and techniques and commission external research"--
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Pyrrhonian skepticism in Diogenes Laertius
On text document classification and retrieval using self-organising maps
Confessions. 1, Introduction and text
Appraisal in online reviews of South Park : a study of engagement resources used in online reviews
Let's go to the countryside : farmhouse accommodation web pages in the Ostrobothnia area
Lykophron : Alexandra
The Pahlavi rivāyat of Āturfarnbag and Farnbag-srōš. Vol. 1
Letters in the Louvre
Rebuilding defenses : exploration in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
The business and administrative correspondence under the kings of Ur
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Biomedical event extraction with machine learning
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Hellenistic lives
Ur excavations. Texts 3, Business documents of the third dynasty of Ur
Satires. Book IV
Erin K. Moodie presents a rigorous yet accessible guide to Plautus' satirical play Poenulus for use in the contemporary classroom. Likely written and staged in the years following the Second Punic War between Rome and Carthage, Poenulus tells the tale of a young Carthaginian, the adopted son and heir of the man who purchased him as a slave when he was a child, who is in love with a female Carthaginian slave and prostitute. The comedy, especially Plautus' portrayal of his main character, compels the reader to consider Rome's relationship with Carthage, its former enemy; Plautus' role in choosing and adapting plays for the Roman stage; and the constraints of the palliata genre. A detailed introduction, map, and comprehensive notes approach the text from several angles, enabling the advanced undergraduate or graduate student to grapple directly with the issues the Poenulus raises. The Latin text is based primarily on that of Friedrich Leo, while Moodie's introduction and commentary provide assistance with early Latin grammar and syntax, Plautine meter, Roman history, and the influences on and performance contexts of Roman comedy. The commentary also introduces students to modern scholarship on the genre, including metatheatrical interpretations and performance criticism.
Assyrian and Babylonian contracts with Aramaic reference notes
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Ur excavations. Texts 6, Literary and religious texts
The King of Tars : ed. from the Auchinleck MS, Advocates 19.2.1
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
The doctrinal of sapience
The Alexandra attributed to Lykophron is a minor poetic masterpiece. At 1474 lines, it is one of the most important and notoriously difficult Greek poems dating from the Hellenistic period (most likely the early second century BC). Most of the poem purports to be a prophecy by the mythical Trojan princess, Kassandra, the most beautiful of the daughters of King Priam, and her prophecy ranges from the Trojan war to the Roman defeat of Macedon in 197 BC, which took place in the poet's own time. The poem's importance arises from the light which it sheds on Greek religion (in particular the role of women), on foundation myths and myths of colonial identity, and on local - especially Italian - cults and cult places. The difficulty of the poem stems from its unusual vocabulary - many words of ancient Greek are found only in this poem - and the riddling and indirect way in which most of the many mythological characters are introduced. As well as providing the Greek text in full and its English translation, this volume provides the first ever full-length commentary in English on the poem.
Reading interactive fiction : effects on prior knowledge on text processing
Language and context : a functional linguistic theory of register
Born about 200 B.C. in Greece to a politically prominent family, Polybius had his own political career cut short when he was deported to Rome as a hostage. During his exile, he commenced the composition of his Histories, with the original goal of examining Rome's rise to supremacy during the years from 220 to 168 B.C.; later he would extend his investigation down to the aftermath of the Third Punic and Achaean wars, which ended in 146 B.C. Of the original forty books of the Histories, today only the first five survive essentially intact, with most of the remaining books represented by fragments of various lengths. In this volume, David D. Phillips presents a commentary on Polybius' first book. The volume includes the definitive text by Theodor Buttner-Wobst, together with detailed commentary on points of linguistic and historical interest, and an introduction to Polybius' life, the Histories (with special attention to book 1), and Polybian language, style, and tone.
"The classic (and irreverent) bestselling guide to creating great advertisingHey Whipple, Squeeze This has inspired a generation of ad students, copywriters, and young creatives to make their mark in the industry. But students need new guidance to ply their craft now in the digital world. This new fourth edition explains how to bring brand stories into interactive, dynamic places online, in addition to traditional television, radio, print, and outdoor ads.Creativity is still king, but this new edition contains: Important new chapters and updates that bring Whipple into the new digital world New content and examples for how to use social media and other emerging platforms Illustrate what's changing in the new world of advertising--and what isn't Hey Whipple, Squeeze This! will help sharpen your writing chops, unleash your creativity, and help raise the level of your work from hack to master craftsman"--
Hear America singing
Intelligent text summarization : papers from the 1998 AAAI symposium, March 23-25, Stanford, California
Reporting, borrowing, plagiarizing : Issues of inter- and intratextual translation
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
The Jataka or stories of the Buddha's former births, vol. 3-4
Selected Sumerian and Babylonian texts
Materials for a non-masoretic Hebrew grammar. 1, Liturgical Texts and Psalm Fragments provided with the so-called Palestinian Punctuation
Always on : language in an online and mobile world
Polybius Book I : a commentary
Testing manual usability : a task-based assessment of the usability of two manual versions
The liturgy of the Holy Apostles Adai and Mari : together with two additional liturgies to be said on certain feasts and other days, and the Order of Baptism
Ur excavations. Texts 9, Economis texts from the third dynasty
Mystic tales of lāmā Tārānātha : a religio-sociological history of Mahāyana Buddhism
The poetic of the bit : the interpretation and textual processes of digital fiction from an ergodic semiotic perspective.
More and more historical texts are becoming available in digital form. Digitization of paper documents is motivated by the aim of preserving cultural heritage and making it more accessible, both to laypeople and scholars. As digital images cannot be searched for text, digitization projects increasingly strive to create digital text, which can be searched and otherwise automatically processed, in addition to facsimiles. Indeed, the emerging field of digital humanities heavily relies on the availability of digital text for its studies. Together with the increasing availability of historical texts in digital form, there is a growing interest in applying natural language processing (NLP) methods and tools to historical texts. However, the specific linguistic properties of historical texts--the lack of standardized orthography in particular--pose special challenges for NLP.
The poet we call Martial, Marcus Valerius Martialis, lived by his wits in first-century Rome. Pounding the mean streets of the Empire's capital, he takes apart the pretensions, addictions, and cruelties of its inhabitants with perfect comic timing and killer punchlines. Social climbers and sex-offenders, rogue traders and two-faced preachers - all are subject to his forensic annihilations and often foul-mouthed verses. Packed with incident and detail, Martial's epigrams bring Rome vividly to life in all its variety; biting satire rubs alongside tender friendship, lust for life beside sorrow for loss. Gossipy, clever, and above all entertaining, they express amusement as much as indignation at the vices they expose. This selection brings Martial to a twenty-first century readership in a prose translation that pulls no punches and presents him in all his moods. It establishes his originality as a literary author, and the significance of his achievement as the poet who conquered epigram for Rome.
Early Buddhist scriptures
Argonautica : Book III
This selection of ten Lives traces the history of Hellenistic Greece from the rise of Macedon and Alexander's conquest of the Persian empire to the arrival of the Romans. Plutarch's biographies of eminent politicians, rulers, and soldiers combine vivid portraits of their subjects with a wealth of historical information; they constitute a uniquely important source for the period. We see how Greek politics changed as Macedon's power grew, and we learn of the warlords who followed Alexander. Resistance to Macedon is reflected in the Lives of Demosthenes and Aratus, and that of Agis and Cleomenes, two revolutionary kings of Sparta. The volume concludes with the emergence of Rome in Greek affairs, and the life of Flamininus, the Roman general who defeated Philip V of Macedon.
Garbhāvakrāntisūtra : the sūtra on entry into the womb
Appointment with Kālidāsa
Coptic documentary texts from Kellis. Vol. 2, P. Kellis VII (P. Kellis Copt. 57-131)
Ur excavations. Texts 8, Royal inscriptions
Coordinated verb pairs in texts
The corporate image of Rautaruukki : a reception study and textual analysis of Rautaruukki's brochures, advertisements and Internet pages
The poems of Catullus
Textual ethos studies or locating ethics
Stories of Buddha's births: a Jataka reader : Hindi text with page-by-page and alphabetized Hindi-English glossary
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Contains 226 Old Babylonian letters in the collections of Le Museé du Louvre. Includes letters from Textes cunéiformes du Louvre (v. 1, nos. 1-54 and v. 17-18 nos. 1-155); 10 letters from Arnaud's BBVOT 1 (1990); and 7 letters from Arnaud's Larsa et ơOueilli (1983)
New media language
Collected poems
The Chapter on the Mundane Path (Laukikamārga) in the Śrāvakabhūmi : a trilingual edition (Sanskrit, Tibetan, Chinese), annotated translation, and introductory study. Vol. 1, Introductory study, Sanskrit diplomatic edition, Sanskrit critical edition
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
"Books XVII and XVIII of the Odyssey feature, among other episodes, the disguised Odysseus' penetration of his home after an absence of twenty years and his first encounter with his wife. The commentary provides linguistic and syntactical guidance suitable for upper-level students along with detailed consideration of Homer's compositional and narrative techniques, his literary artistry and the poem's central themes. An extensive introduction considers questions of formulaic composition, the nature of the poem's audience and the context of its performance, and isolates the concerns most prominent in the poem's second half and in Books XVII and XVIII in particular. Here too are considered the roles of Penelope and Telemachus, questions of disguise and recognition, and the institution of hospitality flaunted by the suitors in Odysseus' halls. Brief sections also discuss Homeric metre and the transmission of the text"--
Selected speeches
The group of discourses (Sutta-Nipāta). Volume 2
Slavonic parchment fragments in Sweden. 2, Gospels
Sir Gawain and the Green Knight, Pearl and Sir Orfeo
A companion to digital humanities
The Sumerian tablets in the Imperial University of Kyoto
Lives and miracles
Bibliography and the sociology of texts
Torah from our sages Pirke Avot
Callimachus was arguably the most important poet of the Hellenistic age, for two reasons: his engagement with previous theorists of poetry and his wide-ranging poetic experimentation. Of his poetic oeuvre, which exceeded what we now have of Theocritus, Aratus, Posidippus, and Apollonius combined, only his six hymns and around fifty of his epigrams have survived intact. His enormously influential Aetia, the collection of Iambi, the Hecale, and all of his prose output have been reduced to a handful of citations in later Greek lexica and handbooks or papyrus fragments. In recent years excellent commentaries and synthetic studies of the Aetia, the Iambi, and the Hecale have appeared or are about to appear. But there is no modern study in English of the collection of hymns. And while there are excellent commentaries in English on three of the hymns (Apollo, Athena, Demeter), the commentaries on Zeus and on Delos are limited in scope, and there is no commentary at all on the Artemis hymn. Synthetic studies in English for the most part treat only one hymn, not the collection, and tend to focus on Callimachus' intertextual relationships with his predecessors and/or his influence on Roman poetry. Yet recent work is requiring scholars to broaden their perspective and to consider Callimachus' religious, civic, and geo-political contexts much more systematically in attempting to understand the hymns. A further incentive is that apart from the Homeric and Orphic hymns, Callimachus' are the only other hymns that have survived intact; those written in earlier periods are now reduced to fragments. For these reasons a study of the six hymns together is a desideratum. An additional reason is that Callimachus' collection of six hymns is very likely to have been an authorially arranged poetry book, quite possibly the earliest such book that we have intact; therefore, it allows a unique perspective on the evolution of the form.
Sumerian administrative documents : dated in the reigns of the kings of the second dynasty of Ur from the temple archives of Nippur
Medea is a wife and a mother. For the sake of her husband, Jason, she's left her home and borne two sons in exile. But when he abandons his family for a new life, Medea faces banishment and separation from her children. Cornered, she begs for one day's grace. It's time enough. She exacts an appalling revenge and destroys everything she holds dear.
Mobile phones, identity and discursive intimacy
The Apocriticus purports to be the record of a four-day public debate between a pagan philosopher, whom the text calls simply the "Hellene," and the author, Macarius, a Christian rhetor. The text is a rich, though often neglected, source for the history of intellectual and cultural conflict between Christian and Hellene intellectuals in the fourth century CE. While the Apocriticus has frequently attracted the attention of scholars as a possible source of fragments from Porphyry's Against the Christians, the text as a whole is significant in its own right. Macarius defends the allegorical reading of scripture and presents interesting discussions concerning ascetic practice and the cult of the martyrs. The philosophical and theological eclecticism of the text should also be of interests to scholars of early Christianity and later ancient philosophy. The fictitious dialogue weaves together philosophical and theological arguments, often in a "popularized" form. The text thus represents an interesting contrast to more formal "high" philosophical and theological texts of the period.
Naughty but nice cross stich
The kalendre of the newe legende of Englande
Hey whipple squeeze this! : the classic guide to creating great ads
The service of the anointing of the sick
This edition is produced with particular concern for the student coming to Homer for the first time. The text is given with facing translation and commentary, but the usual apparatus criticus at the bottom of each page is replaced by brief notes on Homeric language. This makes the text considerably more accessible for those without Homeric Greek. These notes are cross-referenced to an introduction on Homeric language for those meeting it for the first time. Textual matters are discussed in the commentary itself, though this is, as is usual in the series, mainly concerned with the meaning of the epic.
The letters of Pliny the Younger contained in this volume provide intermediate and advanced Latin students insight into the political and social life of the early imperial period of Rome. Pliny portrays himself as a generous benefactor to his hometown, a supporter of education, and a patron who promotes the political and literary careers of younger men. His correspondence with Trajan, including the emperor's responses, documents Pliny's governorship of the province of Bithynia-Pontus. The letters also reveal more personal aspects of his life, including his relationship with his wife, his views on slavery, and his experiences during the eruption of Mt. Vesuvius that killed his uncle, Pliny the Elder.
The talkative community : rhetorical, textual and pragmatic features of a corpus of scientific texts, 1711-1870
Model-based explanation of plant knowledge
Found : the best lost, tossed, and forgotten items from around the world
Microsoft Word 2010 Bible
Byzantine monastic foundation documents : a complete translation of the surviving founders' typika and testaments
Aramaic documents from ancient Bactria (Fourth Century BCE.) from the Khalili collections
Selected letters
The Chapter on the Mundane Path (Laukikamārga) in the Śrāvakabhūmi : a trilingual edition (Sanskrit, Tibetan, Chinese), annotated translation, and introductory study. Vol. 2, Tibetan edition, Chinese edition, English translation, bibliography, index
A Sumerian chrestomathy
The Girimananda Sutta : ten contemplations : with the commentary from the Sārattha Samuccaya
This book is a collection of twelve important but little-read orations of the fourth-century sophist Libanius, providing an English translation for each with a thorough introduction and copious notes. In spite of Libanius' influence during his lifetime, he has until recently been neglected by scholars since his Greek is often intricate and difficult to approach. Libanius lived in Antioch (Syria) where he was a teacher of rhetoric: His school was the most important in the East and students flocked there from many countries. Some of the orations in this collection, like his correspondence, illuminate his relations with his students as well as his methods of teaching rhetoric, a discipline for which he had the highest regard. These orations also show that Libanius was a major figure in his city, in frequent contact with influential officials and governors, and that he even had a close relationship with the Emperor Julian. Oration 37 reveals that there were rumours that Julian had contributed to the death of his wife by asking a court doctor to poison her, while Oration 63 indicates that Libanius, usually considered to be a thorough-going pagan, was bequeathed the patrimony of a Christian friend, even though the latter's brother was bishop of Antioch. Fascinating and thought-provoking, this essential collection of translations of Libanius' orations will be invaluable to scholars of the fourth century.
Maurice's Strategikon : handbook of Byzantine military strategy
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
Eupolis : Heilotes - Chrysoun genos (frr. 147-325)
Cosmic order and divine power : Pseudo-Aristotle, On the cosmos
Suppliant women
Designing interpretive signs : principles in practice
Two Ælfric texts : The twelve abuses and The vices and virtues ; an edition and translation of Ælfric's Old English versions of De duodecim abusivis and De octo vitiis et de duodecim abusivis
Pesikta de-Rab Kahana : R. Kahana's compilation of discourses for sabbaths and festal days. transl. from Hebrew and Aramaic by William G. (Gershon Zev) Braude and Israel J. Kapstein
GSM Remote Control Heater
New text book for young muslims : Arabic-English-Somali
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
Beginning Microsoft Office 2010
Ennead VI.4 and VI.5 : on the presence of being, one and the same, everywhere as a whole
Argonautica. Book IV
The Odyssey 1 & 2
The devils' parlament and The harrowing of hell and destruction of Jerusalem
"Cher alme" : texts of Anglo-Norman piety
Lydgate's Siege of Thebes. Part 2
Apollonius' epic, the Argonautica, is not just a masterpiece of Hellenistic poetry drawing on the entire tradition of previous Greek literature, but was enormously influential on Latin epic, especially Virgil's Aeneid. Book IV tells the story of the Argonauts' return to Greece with the Golden Fleece, their nightmarish trips through the uncharted rivers of central Europe and the desert wastes of North Africa, the terrible killing of Medea's brother, and the anguish of the young girl which foreshadows her bloody future. This is the first modern commentary in English. Problems of syntax and language are fully explained, and there is a sophisticated discussion of the poem as literature. It will be useful for advanced undergraduates and graduate students studying Greek poetry, as well as of interest to scholars.
This edition of St Augustine's City of God is the only one in English to provide a text and translation as well as a detailed commentary of this most influential document in the history of western Christianity. In these books, written in the aftermath of the sack of Rome in AD 410 by the Goths, Augustine replies to the pagans, who attributed the fall of Rome to the Christian religion and its prohibition of the worship of the pagan gods. Following on from Book IX, this book discusses the issue of demons and their role in Platonism as being partly identical with the lesser gods. Having previously argued that in order to achieve the blessed life, we must worship one true God alone, Augustine now continues his discussion using the celebrated Neoplatonist Porphyry as his main source. Whilst applauding aspects of Porphyry's views, Augustine's main concern is to deliver his message that the sole path to blessedness after death is acknowledgement of the Incarnation and Christ as Mediator. Increasingly concerned with promoting the Christian message, Augustine cites the Bible frequently in book X. Latin text with facing-page translation, introduction and commentary.
The gnostic gospels
Editing and revising text
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
The politics of metaphor : biotechnology and biodiversity in the media
The copy workshop : workbook
The Middle English text of Caxton's Ovid, books II-III edited from Cambridge, Magdalene College, Old Library, MS F.4.34 : with a parallel text of The Ovide moralise en prose II, edited from Paris, Bibliotheque Nationale, MS fonds francais 137
Diakonoi in the Greek-speaking world until 1st c. CE
A new work by Apuleius : the lost third book of the De Platone
Kellis literary texts. Vol. 1
Ismailitica
Catalogue of the Cuneiform tablets of the Wilberforce Eames Babylonian collection in The New York Public Library : tablets of the time of the Third Dynasty of Ur
The problem of equivalence in translating texts in international reading literacy studies : atext analytic study of three English and Finnish texts used in the PISA 2000 reading texts
The Nihali language : grammar, texts and vocabulary
Wislawa Szymborska's poetry : choice of essays
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Valerius Flaccus' Argonautica is one of the most significant surviving works of Flavian epic, which has recently become much more popular as a field of study and teaching in Latin literature. This is the first commentary in English directly tailored to the needs of graduate and advanced undergraduate students. It provides an introduction to the major themes of the poem and the structure and content of Book III in particular which can function as an overview of the key features of Flavian epic. The detailed commentary on Book III discusses linguistic issues, intertextual and mythical allusions and thematic strands. The book consists of two major episodes in the adventures of Jason and the Argonauts which can be read together or independently of each other.
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Sing-along Christmas Carols
The anti-witchcraft series Maqlû : a student edition and selected commentary
Selected Buddhist texts from the Pali canon. Vol. 1.
Anaxandrides : introduction, translation, commentary
A unified theory of creationism : argumentation, experiential thinking and emerging doctrine
Mobile phone harassment : an exploration of students' perceptions of intrusive texting behavior
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
A manual of Palestinian Aramaic texts : (second century B.C. - second century A.D.)
Chinese text entry with mobile devices
Festal orations
The complete English poems of John Skelton
Ur excavations. Texts 7, Middle Babylonian legal documents and other texts
Usability of Vaisala's customer documentation
Different cultures and traditions
Attila, king of the Huns, is a name universally known even 1,500 years after his death. His meteoric rise and legendary career of conquest left a trail of destroyed cities across the Roman Empire. At its height, his vast domain commanded more territory than the Romans themselves, and those he threatened with attack sent desperate embassies loaded with rich tributes to purchase a tenuous peace. Yet as quickly he appeared, Attila and his empire vanished with startling rapidity. His two decades of terror, however, had left an indelible mark upon the pages of European history. Priscus was a late Roman historian who had the ill luck to be born during a time when Roman political and military fortunes had reached a nadir. An eye-witness to many of the events he records, Priscus's history is a sequence of intrigues, assassinations, betrayals, military disasters, barbarian incursions, enslaved Romans and sacked cities. Perhaps because of its gloomy subject matter, the History of Priscus was not preserved in its entirety. What remains of the work consists of scattered fragments culled from a variety of later sources. Yet, from these fragments emerge the most detailed and insightful first-hand account of the decline of the Roman Empire, and nearly all of the information about Attila's life and exploits that has come down to us from antiquity. Translated by classics scholar Professor John Given of East Carolina University, this new translation of the Fragmentary History of Priscus arranges the fragments in chronological order, complete with intervening historical commentary to preserve the narrative flow. It represents the first translation of this important historical source that is easily approachable for both students and general readers.
Natural Interface to Improve Human-Computer Interaction for People with Upper Limb Disabilities : Exploring the Potentials of Voice Input and Hand Gestures in Application Development to Improve the Communication Possibilities of People with Motor Disorders
The Greek classics
The Dead Sea scrolls
Admired by many in the ancient world as the greatest of the classic Athenian orators, Demosthenes was intimately involved in the political events of his day. As well as showing a master orator at work, his speeches are a prime source for the history of the period, when Athens was engaged in a doomed struggle against the rising power of Macedon under the brilliant father and son, Philip and Alexander. Demosthenes wrote for the courts, both for political trials in which he was involved and for other cases in which he acted as ghost-writer for plaintiff or defendant, and his lawcourt speeches give an unrivalled glimpse of the daily life of ancient Athens. He also played a central role in education in Greece and Rome from the Hellenistic period onward, and was imitated by the greatest of Roman orators, Cicero.
Creative lettering and beyond
Jaina uddharaṇa kośa : (a collection of the citations of the Prakrit and Sanskrit languages as found in the Jaina texts, commentaries and the like). Vol. 1
Textual trails from oral to written sources : an introduction
Changing literacy practices:a becoming of a new teacher agency
Commentary on the liturgy of the Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Sovremennyj russkij razgovornyj jazyk : teksty i upražnenija = Moderne russische Umgangssprache : Texte und Übungen = Presentday colloquial Russian : texts and exercises
Historical and religious texts from the temple library of Nippur
Texts and interaction : literacy practices in the EFL classroom
Digital Texts for Learning Finnish: Shared Resources and Emerging Practices
Microsoft Office Word 2003 : fast & easy
The Udāna
Microsoft Office Word 2007 : quicksteps
South-Indian inscriptions. Vol. 17, Inscriptions collected during 1903-1904
Parmi les 41 conférences de Maxime de Tyr, auteur du IIe siècle associé au mouvement de la Seconde Sophistique, ont été retenues celles qui traitent de la philosophie de la religion, tant dans sa dimension institutionnelle (comment accorder rite et pratique avec les exigences de la spiritualité?) que dans sa dimension plus proprement théologique (comment penser le dieu? Comment le mal est-il possible?). Cette approche conduit à prendre également en compte les conférences portant sur la philosophie de Platon. Tout ce que nous avons gardé de Maxime est écrit au nom de la découverte philosophique et Platon est son modèle, comme penseur et comme «agent éthique». Un tel projet n'empêche pas toutefois Maxime de divertir son public en l'éduquant. Il prétend être capable de s'adresser aux jeunes gens aussi bien qu'aux philosophes les plus sophistiqués. L'attention particulière portée à Platon n'exclut pas la référence à d'autres philosophes. Mais Maxime n'est pas un éclectique qui puiserait des éléments épars afin d'en former un tout; il demeure persuadé de l'unité fondamentale et essentielle des discours philosophiques, et poétiques, qu'il s'agit de penser au-delà de leur diversité apparente. Seul Épicure est exclu explicitement du choeur des philosophes en raison de son anti-providentialisme. L'un des points cruciaux de la pensée de Maxime est en effet l'organisation de l'univers à partir d'un dieu qui l'a fabriqué; la référence au Timée, comme chez nombre de platoniciens de cette époque, reste toujours en filigrane derrière cette représentation cosmologique et guide aussi les interprétations allégoriques d'Homère. Maxime évite des digressions techniques et conceptuelles mais il n'hésite pas à montrer une large culture. Le souci affiché de la pratique le conduit à adopter des tons variés, polyphoniques, qui s'adaptent aux auditeurs et aux circonstances.
As a veteran campaigner, the Byzantine emperor Maurice (582-602) compiled a unique and influential handbook intended for the field commander. In this first complete English translation, the Strategikon is an invaluable source not only for early Byzantine history but for the general history of the art of war. Describing in detail weaponry and armor, daily life on the march or in camp, clothing, food, medical care, military law, and titles of the Byzantine army of the seventh century, the Strategikon offers insights into the Byzantine military ethos. In language contemporary, down-to-earth, and practical, the text also provides important data for the historian, and even the ethnologist, including eyewitness accounts of the Persians, Slavs, Lombards, and Avars at the frontier of the Empire.
Moving text in avant-garde poetry : towards a poetics of textual motion
