http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1667 stationary war hospitals
stationary war hospitals
MASH : a novel about three army doctors
Green for danger
This book presents a detailed description of the archaeological evidence for the five Military Orders active in the Latin East: the Hospitallers; Templars; Teutonic Knights; Leper Knights of St Lazarus; and Knights of St Thomas. During the 12th and 13th centuries these Military Orders played an active role in the defence of the Latin States in the East (modern Turkey, Syria, Lebanon, Israel and Cyprus) and administered various urban and rural properties. They were also significantly involved in activities relating to the welfare of the Frankish populace and of the pilgrims visiting the Holy Land. The book concentrates on the urban quarters of the Orders, their rural castles, their architecture, and the role they played in shaping military architecture in the Middle Ages.
The memory of love
Within/without appearances : 25 April-15 May, 2002
All my sisters
Containing trauma : nursing work in the First World War
Samir and Yonatan
Finnish disabled war veteran : summary of Suomalainen sotainvalidi
The english patient
Freetown, Sierra Leone: a devastating civil war has left an entire populace with terrible secrets to keep. In the capital's hospital Kai, a gifted young surgeon is plagued by demons that are beginning to threaten his livelihood. Elsewhere in the hospital lies Elias Cole, a university professor who recalls the love that obsessed him and drove him to acts that are far from heroic. As past and present intersect, Kai and Elias are drawn unwittingly closer by Adrian, a British psychiatrist with good intentions, and into the path of one woman at the centre of their stories. "The Memory of Love" is a heartbreaking story of ordinary people in extraordinary circumstances.
This book explores military patients' experiences of frontline medical evacuation, war surgery, and the social world of military hospitals during the First World War. The proximity of the front and the colossal numbers of wounded created greater public awareness of the impact of the war than had been seen in previous conflicts, with serious political consequences. Frequently referred to as 'our wounded', the central place of the soldier in society, as a symbol of the war's shifting meaning, drew contradictory responses of compassion, heroism, and censure. Wounds also stirred romantic and sexual responses. This volume reveals the paradoxical situation of the increasing political demand levied on citizen soldiers concurrent with the rise in medical humanitarianism and war-related charitable voluntarism. The physical gestures and poignant sounds of the suffering men reached across the classes, giving rise to convictions about patient rights, which at times conflicted with the military's pragmatism. Why, then, did patients represent military medicine, doctors and nurses in a negative light? This book listens to the voices of wounded soldiers, placing their personal experience of pain within the social, cultural, and political contexts of military medical institutions. The author reveals how the wounded and disabled found culturally creative ways to express their pain, negotiate power relations, manage systemic tensions, and enact forms of 'soft resistance' against the societal and military expectations of masculinity when confronted by men in pain. The volume concludes by considering the way the state ascribed social and economic values on the body parts of disabled soldiers though the pension system.
The tin drum
Rose of no man's land : a Timepiece novel
A farewell to arms
The lost soldier
Nightingales under the mistletoe
The secret horses of Briar Hill
The human condition : photojournalism 95.
Archaeology of the military orders : a survey of the urban centres, rural settlement and castles of the military orders in the Latin east (c. 1120-1291)
Adam resurrected
Death in a strange country
The politics of wounds : military patients and medical power in the First World War
Lady Catherine and the real Downton Abbey
Dorothea's war : a First World War nurse tells her story
Triage
Nightingales at war
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
No known grave
Rowan the strange
Rosie struggles with dyslexia at school, but when she is given an old watch, it transports her to a World War I Red Cross hospital. As a nurse she listens to secrets, and meets Edith Cavell, who helps soliders escape from the Germans / WorldCat.
New Finnish grammar
