http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16647 mother and child homes
mother and child homes
The Lake of Dreams
Being stalked : recognizing post-separation stalking and helping its victims.
Selected readings in family nursing from the finnish perspective
Faithful place
Tommy Glover's sketch of heaven
First aid for babies & children
Fallen women, problem girls : unmarried mothers and the professionalization of social work, 1890-1945
Everything, everything
Personal safety
The course of Frank Mackey's life was set by one defining moment when he was 19. The moment his girlfriend, Rosie Daly, failed to turn up for their rendezvous and failed to run away with him to London as they had planned. Frank never heard from her again. 20 years on, Frank's still in Dublin, working as an undercover cop. But what happened to Rosie? / WordCat.
Handbook of veterinary nursing
Respiratory assessment/ respiratory distress
During the first half of the twentieth century, out-of-wedlock pregnancy came to be seen as one of the most urgent and compelling problems of the day. The effort to define its meaning fueled a struggle among three groups of women: evangelical reformers who regarded unmarried mothers as fallen sisters to be saved, a new generation of social workers who viewed them as problem girls to be treated, and unmarried mothers themselves. Drawing on previously unexamined case records from maternity homes, Regina Kunzel explores how women negotiated the crisis of single pregnancy and analyzes the different ways they understood and represented unmarried motherhood. Fallen Women, Problem Girls is a social and cultural history of out-of-wedlock pregnancy in the United States from 1890 to 1945. Kunzel analyzes how evangelical women drew on a long tradition of female benevolence to create maternity homes that would redeem and reclaim unmarried mothers. She shows how, by the 1910s, social workers struggling to achieve professional legitimacy tried to dissociate their own work from that earlier tradition, replacing the reform rhetoric of sisterhood with the scientific language of professionalism. By investigating the important and unexplored transition from the conventions of nineteenth-century reform to the professional imperatives of twentieth-century social welfare, Kunzel offers a new interpretation of gender and professionalization. Kunzel places shifting constructions of out-of-wedlock pregnancy within a broad history of gender, sexuality, class, and race, and argues that the contests among evangelical women, social workers, and unmarried mothers distilled larger generational and cross-class conflicts among women in the first half of the twentieth century. -- Provided by publisher.
Being Stalked: Recognizing Post-Separation Stalking and Helping its Victims.
The Cider house rules
The Cider House rules
Haemodynamic monitoring
