http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16698 family upbringing
family upbringing
Abstract.
The problem family
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 4, Social conditions and applied parenting
A sound family makes a sound State : ideology and upbringing in a German village
French kids eat everything : how our family moved to France, cured picky eating, banned snacking, and discovered 10 simple rules for raising happy, healthy eaters
Handbook of family religious education
The children on the hill : the story of an extraordinary family
Families in context : emerging trends in family support and early intervention
Raising children in love, justice and truth : conversation with parents
Family from bosnia
Youth in two worlds : United States and Denmark
Early childhood education and care in Finland
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Blankets : a graphic novel
From neurons to neighborhoods : the science of early childhood development
Family matters : how schools can cope with the crisis in childrearing
30 ways in 30 days to save your family
Positive parenting : raising children with self-esteem
Creating Physical Education Lessons for Family Childminders
Goldbergs. Season 1, The complete first season
Strengthening the family : a trainer's handbook for family ministry
Buddhism in Thailand
Raising a handicapped child : a helpful guide for parents of the physically disabled
You don't need to smack : simple strategies for dealing misbehaviour
Handbook on parent education
Developmentally appropriate practice in early childhood programs
Raising our children, raising ourselves
Now, this completely rewritten edition presents parents of deaf children with more crucial information enhanced by the advances made in the general understanding of what it means to be deaf and the greater possibilities afforded deaf children today. Author Paul Ogden provides parents with a firm foundation for making the difficult decisions necessary to begin their child on the road to realizing his or her full potential.  The Silent Garden orients parents to their child's lack of hearing, what usually is an earthshaking discovery to them. The broad range of types of hearing loss is explained, from minor loss to profound deafness, descriptions that clearly illustrate why being "deaf" does not indicate one specific set of characteristics. This encouraging book also informs parents that their sense of shock is a normal reaction, and that they need to address critical concerns right away, such as how to communicate with their child, including choosing the best mode. Parents also will have to consider what type of school their child should attend and what kinds of professional help will be best for the entire family.  The Silent Garden describes all forms of communication, detailing the choices in sign communication from American Sign Language to the various manual systems based upon English. Technological alternatives are presented, including when and when not to consider cochlear implants. Case studies and interviews with parents of deaf children help to reassure parents that they can prepare their deaf child for a full, productive life.
Effective early years education : teaching young children
Handbook of family life education. Vol. 2, The practice of family life education
Learning together how to strengthen the family : a participant's book for family ministry
Participation in change : a group process of action/reflection in family education
Exposed lives : dialogues between viewers and installations about family photography
Redefining families : implications for children's development
The modern grandparent's guide
Themes in family and consumer sciences : a book of readings 2001.. Volume 2
Toward a home-school health partnership : a participatory action research study, 2008-2010
Silent garden : raising your deaf child
Childbirth education : practice, research and theory
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership : parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations"
Mother father deaf : living between sound and silence
Children's and adolescents' achievement strategies, school adjustment and family environment
Home, family and community
Parents, gender and education reform
Welcome to the family
Divas & dictators : the secrets to having a much better behaved child
Unequal childhoods : class, race, and family life
Raising children you can live with : a guide for frustrated parents
Taking charge : a school-based life skills program for adolescent mothers
Reshaping fatherhood : the social construction od shared parenting
Family relations and the process of differentiation
The virgin suicides
Counseling today's families
Families, health and illness : perspectives on coping and intervention
Media, children, and the family : social scientific, psychodynamic, and clinical perspectives
Little men : life at Plumfield with Jo' boys
Pain in childbearing and its control
The heart of parenting : how to raise an emotionally intelligent child
Handbook of parenting. Vol. 1, Children and parenting
The good children
Soft patriarchs, new men : how Christianity shapes fathers and husbands
Communicating family and consumer sciences : a guidebook for professionals
Divas & door slammers : the seecrets to having a better behaved teenager
Supporting children in the early years
Early childhood education and care policy in Finland
Nisa saghirat = Little Women
Family life education : principles and practices for effective outreach
Childhoods in context
The family's role in Soviet education
Family and school partnership in a function of strenghtening individual upbringing work
New views on sexual health : the case of Finland
Learning from sure start : working with young children and their families
Building good families in a changing world
Handbook of family life education. Vol. 1, Foundations of family life education
Little women
Families as educators for global citizenship
Somali parents' experiences of bringing up children in Finland : exploring social-cultural change within migrant households
A modern introduction to the family
Handbook of diversity in parent education : the changing faces of parenting and parent education
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Multicultural parents and pedagogical partnership. Parents' views on municipal daycare in the metropolitan area. : "We learn from each other, everywhere and in every kind of situations."
The best advice I ever got on parenting : incredible insights from well-known moms and dads
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Working with families : perspectives for early childhood professionals
Preparation of the engaged couple for the catholic marriage = Sužadėtinių rengimas katalikiškajai santuokai : summary of doctoral dissertation social sciences, educational science (07S)
Current controversies in marriage and family
Handbook of parenting. Volume 4, Applied and practical parenting
