http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16645 animal young
animal young
How to train your dragon : [by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III]
Mother Bruce
Little one
Together
The post-larval stages of sand-eels (Ammodytidae) in Faroe, Iceland and W-Greenland waters
Snow bear sanctuary
The endangered Saimaa ringed seal in a changing climate : challenges for conservation and monitoring
Expert knowledge based Bayesian Belief Network for estimation of salmon smolt carrying capacity in the Gulf of Bothnia wild salmon rivers
Effects of water temperature on early life history, juvenile growth and prespawning migrations of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and brown trout (Salmo trutta) : a summary of studies in Norwegian streams
The duckling gets a cookie!?
The bunny book
The kitten nobody wanted
Culture of cold-water marine fish
The lonely lion cub
Max the brave
It takes two : a book about how life begins
Six little chicks
Effects of enhancing UV-B irradiance on the behaviour, survival and metabolism of coregonid larvae
Never say boo to a goose!
Where, oh where, is Rosie's chick?
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Influence of smolt size on the postsmolt ecology of ranched Altantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) in the northern Baltic Sea
The effect of turbidity on the ecology of pike larvae
Mechanism of fluctuations in year class survival of vendace (Coregonus albula (L.)) larvae - an individual size based approach
Little why
The early life history of fish : the proceedings of an international symposium, held at the Dunstaffnage marine research laboratory of the Scottish marine biological association at Oban, Scotland, from May 17-23, 1973
When Jack climbs over a wall to get his football back from the derelict building down his street, he doesn't expect to find a nest full of baby owls! Worried that the building is going to be knoked down by builders, Jack and his parents call the RSPCA. A rescue ensues, followed by an attempted hand feeding. But the birds are too young to be fed. Instead, the RSPCA must move the baby owls to another nest if they are to have a chance of survival. Jack must help the RSPCA to find the perfect nest in his neighbourhood. –  WorldCat.
Curious George : car wash
Upside down babies
The Big book of baby animals
Mister Cleghorn's seal
Charlie Chick goes to school
Big bear little bear
The pesky polar bear
Mommy! Mommy!
Sensitivity of different early developmental periods of Baltic herring (Clupea harengus) to water-accommodated fraction of crude oil
Pigeon is very angry when the duckling gets a cookie just by asking politely.
Genetic and potential non-genetic benefits increase offspring fitness of polyandrous females in non- resource based mating system
Bruce is a grumpy bear who likes no one and nothing but cooked eggs, but when some eggs he was planning to boil hatch and the goslings believe he is their mother, he must try to make the best of the situation.
Love like this
Smoltrun of Baltic salmon (Salmo salar L.) in the river Kiiminkijoki in relation to water flow, water level and water temperature
Early determination of perch and pikeperch recruitment in the northern Baltic Sea
Open very carefully
The duckling gets a cookie?
No more hitting for little hamster!
Determinants of reproductive mass loss and clutch size in the collared flycatcher (Ficedula albicollis)
The incomplete book of dragons : (a guide to dragon species)
The puzzled penquin
Habitat requirements of juvenile salmonids : towards ecologically-based fisheries management in boreal streams
The world of the polar bear
Growth and mortality of juvenile plaice (Pleuronectes platessa L.) along the Swedish Skagerrak coast
Fluence rate or cumulative dose? : Vulnerability of larval northern pike (Esox lucius) to ultraviolet radiation
Boreal fishes and ultraviolet radiation : actions of UVR at molecular and individual levels
The year of the hare
Chickens cant see in the dark
Baby Tales
Guide to the young of European precocial birds
Sophie shyosaurus
Significance of the barrenness of the breeding habitat on growth and survival of dotterel chicks Charadrius morinellus in eastern Finnish Lapland
The frightened kitten
From the river to the open sea : a critical life phase of young Atlantic salmon migrating from the Simojoki river
The glass frog tadpoles of Costa Rica (Anura: Centrolenidae) : a study of morphology
The importance of larvae and nursery areas for fish production
The silky seal pup
Juvenile years of Atlantic salmon in the wild and in the hatchery : ecophysiological differences
Phenotypic plasticity and local adaptation in tadpoles
Little owl needs a home
I would tuck you in
The effects of male infanticide and habitat fragmentation on the breeding success of the bank vole
Parental care and offspring desertion in Tengmalm's owl Aegolius funereus and sparrowhawk Accipiter nisus
The world is full of babies!
The effects of supplementary feeding and weather factors on the breeding success of Osprey, Pandion haliaetus, in Finland
Jasper & Joop : a perfect pair : one tidy, one messy
Flavobacterium columnare in Finnish fish farming : characterisation and putative disease management strategies
Marking one-summer old whitefish with fluorescent pigment spraying method and results of whitefish stockings in the Gulf of Bothnia
Wild baby animals
Effects of ectoparasites on the growth, body condition and survival of kestrel nestlings
My favourite animal families
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
Breeding behaviour of the dotterel Charadrius morinellus : nest site and egg laying
The Year of the Hare
Little beaver and the big front tooth
Follow me! : animal parents and babies
Responses to ultraviolet radiation in larval pike, Esox lucius, of two origins and ages.
