http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16748 Crocodylidae
Crocodylidae
Melrose and Croc go to town
BABY BOOKS. Everybody knows that crocodiles love water, but this little crocodile is different. He doesn't like water at all. In fact, he prefers climbing trees! But it can be lonely when you're the odd one out, so the little crocodile tries his best to change. But being wet isn't for everyone - and a shiver soon becomes a cold and the cold becomes a sneeze, a very hot sneeze...Could it be that this little crocodile isn't a crocodile at all? He might just be a DRAGON! A funny, unique and uplifting story from a debut author-illustrator. Ages 0+
Crocodiles : Jaws on Land
Akimbo and the crocodile man
The enormous crocodile
The crocodile who didn't like water
Melissa's octopus and other unsuitable pets
World animal science. 100 4, Production of aquatic animals : crustaceans, molluscs, amphibians and reptiles
Saltwater crocodiles : Not only built to kill but built to survive
Amazing crocodiles & reptiles
A complete guide to reptiles of Australia
Everything you need to know about snakes and other scaly reptiles
Croc and bird
Beginning pearls
Monkey's clever tale
Hands-on herpetology : exploring ecology and conservation
Life in cold blood
CROCODILES AND ALLIGATORS
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Linguistics, archaeology and the human past
Mogra Dev - tribal crocodile gods : wooden crocodile images of Chodhri, Gamit and Vasava tribes, South Gujarat (India)
The fauna of India and the adjacent countries : Reptilia. Vol. 1 , (testudines and crocodilians)
Alligators and crocodiles
The selfish crocodile
Alligators & crocodiles : a portrait of the animal world
The odd egg
Melrose and Croc : beside the sea
Tetrax the swamp crocodile : the pride of Blackheart
The management of crocodiles in captivity
Pocket guide to the reptiles and amphibians of East Africa
The richest crocodile in the world
The ultimate guide to snakes & reptiles
The star-faced crocodile
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 6, Bony fishes part 4 (Labridae to Latimeriidae), estuarine crocodiles, sea turtles, sea snakes and marine mammals
Crocodiles need kisses too
The Gourmet crocodile cookbook
Solomon and Mortimer
Where's my mummy?
Who ate auntie Iris?
Extreme danger in the wild
The reptile world : a natural history of the snakes, lizards, turtles, and crocodilians
Crocodiles and Alligators
Saltwater crocodiles : not only built to kill but built to survive
The fantastic Mr Wani
Reptiles & amphibians
Catalog of type specimens of recent Crocodilia and Testudines in the National Museum of Natural History, Smithsonian Institution
Reptiles of the world : the crocodilians, lizards, snakes, turtles and tortoises of the eastern and western hemispheres
FAO field project reports on aquaculture : indexed bibliography, 1966-1995
Snakes and reptiles
The crocodile under the bed
MATELIJAT JA SAMMAKKOELÄIMET
Croc gets a shock
Eaten alive : uncut widescreen version
My big brother, Boris
Alligators & crocodiles : a potrait of the animal world
How to find gold
Maisy, Charley and the wobbly tooth
With lots of love forever : a collection of cosy stories
Open very carefully
Momo and Snap are not friends!
Explore the deadly world of bugs, snakes, spiders, crocodiles and hundreds of other amazing reptiles and insects : the dramatic lives and conflicts of the world's strangest creatures shown in 1500 amazing close-up photographs
Crocodiles are the best animals of all!
Crocodiles & alligators of the world
The living marine resources of the western central Pacific. Volumes 1-6
Crocodile's  tears
A collection of the comic strip Pearls before swine, specially chosen for young readers. – WorldCat.
Crocodiles and alligators
A carousel tale
Deadly pole to pole
What is a crocodile's favourite thing?
Melrose and Croc : together at Christmas
