http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16758 bearing capacity
bearing capacity
Design of steel structures. Modul 6, Stability of columns and beams
Forest roads provide access to logging sites and enable transportation of timber from forest to mills. Efficient forest management and forest industry are impossible without a proper forest road network. The bearing capacity of forest roads varies significantly by weather conditions and seasons since they are generally made of poor materials and the constructed layers may be mixed with subgrade. A bearing capacity assessment is valuable information when trafficability is uncertain and rutting is obvious. In this study, bearing capacity measurements were carried out using the light falling weight deflectometer (LFWD), the dynamic cone penetrometer (DCP) and the conventional falling weight deflectometer (FWD). The aim was to compare their measurement results in relation to road characteristics and moisture conditions. Data were collected from 35 test road sections in four consecutive springs and during one summer. The test road sections had measurement points both on the wheel path and the centre line. The data show logical correlations between measured quantities, and the study presents reliable regression models between measuring devices. The results indicate that light portable tools, the DCP and the LFWD, can in most cases be used instead of the expensive falling weight deflectometer on forest roads..
Development in techniques for studying forest roads on peatlands
Load-carrying capacity of a strengthened reinforced concrete bridge : non-linear finite element modeling of a test to failure: assessment of train load capacity of a two span railway trough bridge in Örnsköldsvik strengthened with bars of carbon fibre reinforced polymers (CFRP)
Airframe structural design : practical design information and data on aircraft structures
Effect of spring and overload on the rutting of a low-volume road : HVS-Nordic -research
Design of structural timber to Eurocode 5
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Reinforcement of the edge of a steep-sloped pavement : HVS-Nordic Heavy Vehicle Simulator test structures
Engineering mechanics. 2, Stresses, strain, displacement
Aerodynamics for engineering students
Model computations on the climate change effects on snow cover, soil moisture and soil frost in the boreal conditions over Finland
Basic structures for engineers and architects
Introduction to container handling systems / : theory and practice of container handling
Effect of steepness of sideslope on rutting : research of low-volume roads HVS-test structures
A short course in foundation engineering
Structural wood design : : a practice-oriented approach using the ASD method
Historic concrete : the background to appraisal
HVS-NORDIC : the activity of the second period in Finland 2000-2003
Design of steel structures. Modul 4, Global analysis
Use of a portable falling weight deflectometer; "loadman"
Design of steel structures. Modul 5, Cross-sectional resistance
Applicability of portable tools in assessing the bearing capacity of forest roads
Testing fibre reinforced concrete in an inverted T-beam
Land and water management options for peatland development in Sarawak, Malaysia
Crack initiation models for flexible pavements
