http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16787 capital costs
capital costs
Subsidy to capital through tax incentives in the ASEAN countries : an application of the cost of capital approach under inflationary situations
Analyzing capital expenditures : private and public perspectives
The IT payoff : measuring the business value of information technology investments
Profitable marketing communications : a guide to marketing return on investment
On fuzzy internal rate of return
Capital budgeting and investment analysis
Capital investment and financial decisions
Towards better employment using adaptive control of labour costs of an enterprise
The cost of capital : intermediate theory
This paper analyses the effects of the recent Finnish income tax reform on the behaviour of a closely held corporation (CHC) and its owners. The main elements of the reform are cuts in corporate and capital income tax rates and the replacement of the current full imputation system by a partial double taxation of distributed profits. Considerable exemptions are applied to relieve the taxation of dividends from CHCs. The analysis indicates that the change in the CHCs cost of capital depends on the marginal tax rate (MTR) of the owner. In the case of a high-MTR entrepreneur, the cost of capital increases or is retained at the present level while at lower MTRs the cost of capital may well decrease. The latter observation is due to the increase in the tax rate gap between earned income and capital income. Thus the reform does not remove the earlier reported non-neutralities of the Finnish tax system. The reform will also affect the owner's choice of the form of compensation. Higher taxation of dividends will improve the position of wage income as a form of compensation. This will cushion the effect of the dividend tax changes on the CHCs cost of capital.
Creating value in book publishing networks : confirming a distictive model of network analysis
Dynamics of appropriability : finding a balance between efficiency and strength in the appropriability regime
Regulatory risk and the cost of capital : determinants and implications for rate regulation
Corporate social responsibility’s effect on the cost of equity capital during the financial crisis
Economic effects of taxing different organizational forms under a dual income tax
Total quality of management view over costs of poor quality for private equity
Human capital investment : an international comparison
Financial management for decision makers
Corporate dividend policy in Norway
Human capital and wage formation
The effects of corporate derivatives use on the cost of equity : evidence from Finland
The impact of new capital requirements on the portfolio decisions of Finnish pension institutions
Limited new paper capacity
Firm characteristics of private and public debt issuers
Fundamentals of corporate finance : International Financial Reporting Standards edition
Summary.
Hospitality management accounting
Financial modeling of the equity market : from CAPM to cointegration
Does uncertainty affect investment and labor demand?
Corporate finance fundamentals
The costs of raising equity ratio for banks : evidence from publicly listed banks operating in Finland
The relationship between IFRS adoption and the cost of capital: are the results different between developed and  developing countries
Offshore support vessel : market overview and machinery comparison
International corporate finance
Managerial accounting
Financial opening : policy issues and experiences in developing countries
Investment incentives in closely held corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
Contemporary Financial Management
Fundamentals of corporate finance : global edition
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
Sectoral training funds in Europe
Common stock repurchases. A first year Swedish sample and comparative reactions on the US and Finnish markets
Management accounting for the hospitality, tourism and retail Sectors
Treasury management : tools and techniques for countering financial risks
Neural networks in accounting applications
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of managerial accounting
Introduction and summary (s. 11-16). - Introduction et résumé (s. 17-24).
The cost of capital : estimating the rate of return for public utilities
Corporate finance
On growth, dividends, and capital gains in the adjustment cost model of the firm
Fundamentals of corporate finance
Financial Management : text and cases
Financial accounting : tools for business decision making
Economics of education
Vastine rahalle : kannanottoja terveyden edistämisen kustannusvaikuttavuuteen = Value for money : the cost-effectiveness of health promotion
Financial fundamentals for engineers
Investment incentives in closely corporations and Finland's 2005 tax reform
Peopleware : productive projects and teams
Principles of business economics
Investing in people : financial impact of human resource initiatives
The ROI fieldbook
For corporate finance or financial management courses at the undergraduate level. Fundamentals of Corporate Finance's applied perspective cements students' understanding of the modern-day core principles, giving them a problem-solving methodology and profiling real-life financial management practices-all within a clear valuation framework. MyFinanceLab for Fundamentals of Corporate Finance creates learning experiences that are truly personalized and continuously adaptive. MyFinanceLab reacts to how students are actually performing, offering data-driven guidance that helps them better absorb course material and understand difficult concepts-resulting in better performance in the course. A dynamic set of tools for gauging individual and class progress means educators can spend less time grading and more time teaching. This program will provide a better teaching and learning experience-for you and your students. Here's how: *Improve Results with MyFinanceLab: MyFinanceLab delivers proven results in helping students succeed and provides engaging experiences that personalize learning. *Help Students Review and Apply Concepts: Examples and exercises help students practice and connect to real-world decisions being made today in today's firms and policy debates. *Keep Your Course Current and Relevant: New examples, exercises, and statistics appear throughout the text.
An economic perspective on crime, its costs, crime fighting and rehabilitation efforts
Summary (s. 13-16).
