http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16733 linear algebra
linear algebra
Banach algebras and several complex variables
Index numbers and decomposition spaces
Introduction to linear algebra
Matrix : algebra, calculus and generalized inverse. Vol. 1
Matrix methods : applied linear algebra
Linear algebra and geometry
Fractal programming and ray tracing with C++
Differential equations with linear algebra
Linear algebra : an interactive laboratory approach with Mathematica
An introduction to linear algebra
Infinite-dimensional linear systems, optimal control and algebraic Riccati equations. Volume 3/3, Discrete-time theory & appendices
Affine maps, Euclidean motions and quadrics
Linear functions and matrix theory
Differential equations and linear algebra
Selected papers on algebra
An introduction to linear algebra for science and engineering
Differential equations, dynamical systems, and an introduction to chaos
Linear algebra : a geometric approach
Applied linear algebra and matrix analysis
New bounds on covering radius as a function of dual distance
The linear algebra : a beginning graduate student ought to know
Network science, nonlinear science and infrastructure systems
Group theoretical methods and their applications
Introductory linear algebra : an applied first course
Elementary linear algebra with applications
Linear rational expectations models : a user's guide
Linear algebra demystified
Bayesian approach to detection of anomalies in electrical impedance tomography
Matrix theory
Orthogonal sets and polar methods in linear algebra : applications to matrix calculations, systems of equations, inequalities, and linear programming
Linear algebra and matrix theory are fundamental tools for almost every area of mathematics, both pure and applied. This book combines coverage of core topics with an introduction to some areas in which linear algebra plays a key role, for example, block designs, directed graphs, error correcting codes, and linear dynamical systems. Notable features include a discussion of the Weyr characteristic and Weyr canonical forms, and their relationship to the better-known Jordan canonical form; the use of block cyclic matrices and directed graphs to prove Frobenius's theorem on the structure of the eigenvalues of a nonnegative, irreducible matrix; and the inclusion of such combinatorial topics as BIBDs, Hadamard matrices, and strongly regular graphs. Also included are McCoy's theorem about matrices with property P, the Bruck-Ryser-Chowla theorem on the existence of block designs, and an introduction to Markov chains. This book is intended for those who are familiar with the linear algebra covered in a typical first course and are interested in learning more advanced results.
Handbook of linear algebra
Theory of orientation : the visual vertical
Risk and asset allocation : with 141 figures
Problems and solutions in introductory and advanced matrix calculus
Elementary linear algebra
Matrices and linear algebra
Linear algebra : step by step
The illusion of linearity : from analysis to improvement
Advanced linear algebra
Linear algebra : gateway to mathematics
Linear algebra
Numerical linear algebra and applications
Linear algebra done right
Schaum's easy outlines : Linear algebra
Elementary linear algebra : a first course on the theory of vector spaces and matrices with introductory comments on the theory of groups and other mathematical systems
Linear algebra : ideas and applications
Linear algebra : an introduction to abstract mathematics
Linear algebra problem book
Applied linear algebra : the decoupling principle
Forgotten calculus : a refresher course for business applications
An engineering approach to linear algebra
Elementary linear algebra : with supplemental applications
Linear algebra : a modern introduction
On the analysis and design of predictive FIR filters
Linear algebra : a pure mathematical approach
A (terse) introduction to linear algebra
Contemporary linear algebra
Affine geometry and quadrics are fascinating subjects alone, but they are also important applications of linear algebra. They give a first glimpse into the world of algebraic geometry yet they are equally relevant to a wide range of disciplines such as engineering. This text discusses and classifies affinities and Euclidean motions culminating in classification results for quadrics. A high level of detail and generality is a key feature unmatched by other books available. Such intricacy makes this a particularly accessible teaching resource as it requires no extra time in deconstructing the author's reasoning. The provision of a large number of exercises with hints will help students to develop their problem solving skills and will also be a useful resource for lecturers when setting work for independent study. Affinities, Euclidean Motions and Quadrics takes rudimentary, and often taken-for-granted, knowledge and presents it in a new, comprehensive form. Standard and non-standard examples are demonstrated throughout and an appendix provides the reader with a summary of advanced linear algebra facts for quick reference to the text.
Introduction to modern algebra and matrix theory
Linear algebra : a first course with applications
Introduction to the mathematical theory of control processes. 2, Nonlinear processes
Conservativity of time-flow invertible and boundary control systems
Rational, linear and algebraic languages with mix operation
The linear algebra a beginning graduate student ought to know
Differential equations & linear algebra
Linear algebra and differential equations
Linear algebra and linear economics
Linear algebra : challenging problems for students
Advanced Linear Algebra, Second Edition takes a gentle approach that starts with familiar concepts and then gradually builds to deeper results. Each section begins with an outline of previously introduced concepts and results necessary for mastering the new material. By reviewing what students need to know before moving forward, the text builds a solid foundation upon which to progress. The new edition focuses on vector spaces and the maps between them that preserve their structure (linear transformations). Designed for advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate students, the book discusses the structure theory of an operator, various topics on inner product spaces, and the trace and determinant functions of a linear operator. It addresses bilinear forms with a full treatment of symplectic spaces and orthogonal spaces, as well as explains the construction of tensor, symmetric, and exterior algebras. Featuring updates and revisions throughout, Advanced Linear Algebra, Second Edition: Contains new chapters covering sesquilinear forms, linear groups and groups of isometries, matrices, and three important applications of linear algebra. Adds sections on normed vector spaces, orthogonal spaces over perfect fields of characteristic two, and Clifford algebras. Includes several new exercises and examples, with a solutions manual available upon qualifying course adoption.
Linear algebra : concepts and methods
Introduction to matrices and linear transformations
A degree theory for a class of mappings of monotone type in Orlicz-Sobolev spaces
Advanced engineering mathematics
Linear models : a mean model approach
Matrices and vector spaces
Introduction to the mathematical theory of control processes. Vol. 2, Nonlinear processes
Fundamentals of mathematical analysis
Matrix algebra from a statistician's perspective
Studyguide for Matrix algebra useful for statistics
Theory of linear operators in Hilbert space. Vol. 2
Imbeddings of equivariant complexes into representation spaces
Computational and algorithmic linear algebra and N-dimensional geometry
Linear algebra and linear models
Clifford algebras and spinors
In the calculation of economic aggregates it is often necessary to compute the value of these aggregates in some relevant subgroups as well as for the whole data. A method of calculation is said to be consistent in aggregation if it gives the same result regardless of whether it is applied directly to the whole data or to subaggregates calculated using the same method. The property has been well studied, yet a satisfactory general definition has been lacking. In this paper a definition of consistency in aggregation is given for a general class of aggregation rules. We show that any aggregation method satisfying this definition has a representation based on a commutative semigroup operation. Also, as an application we use algebraic methods to derive certain properties of index numbers satisfying consistency in aggregation. In particular, we show that any such index number formula is in fact a generalized weighted mean.
The analysis of linear models
Multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and differential equations : student solutions manual to accompany
Linear algebra with applications
Linear algebra in action
Essays in linear algebra
Introduction to the mathematical theory of control processes. Vol. 1, Linear equations and quadratic criteria
A first graduate course in abstract algebra
Matrix calculus and Kronecker product : a practical approach to linear and multilinear algebra
A polynomial appraoch to linear algebra
Introduction to non-linear algebra
Consistency in aggregation, quasilinear means and index numbers
Generalized functions and curvilinear coordinates
Infinite-dimensional linear systems, optimal control and algebraic Riccati equations. Volume 2/3, Optimal control and Riccati equations
Linear algebra and its applications
Introductory linear algebra with applications
Matrix iterative analysis
Linear algebra for mathematics, science and engineering
On the upper Minkowski dimension, the packing dimension, and orthogonal projections
Linear algebra : examples and applications
Schaum's outline of linear algebra
A price index is often loosely defined as some sort of average or mean of price ratios. A basic property of a mean, such as the arithmetic or geometric, for example, is that a grand mean may always be calculated as a suitably weighted mean of submeans. An analogous property of index numbers is called consistency in aggregation in the relevant literature. In this article we use the fact that with weak regularity conditions consistency in aggregation implies that pricequantity index pairs may be viewed as quasilinear means. Using this we show that these index number pairs may be equated with convex combinations in a suitably constructed vector space. We may thus apply linear algebra to their study, which is a completely new approach to the subject. To illustrate the strength of our approach, we derive a equivalence theorem of quasilinear index number formulas and additive decompositions of value change. We argue that this result shows that consistency in aggregation may be interpreted as consistency between the treatment of ratios and di*erences. We also show that many wellknown index number axioms have linear algebraic interpretations and give conditions under which a decomposition space has a natural inner product structure.
Linear algebra and matrices : topics for a second course
Calculus. 1, One-variable calculus, with an introduction to linear algebra
Elementary linear algebra : applications version
Academician V. I. Smirnov's linear algebra and group theory
Effect on the efficiency of ordinary least squares when one observation is omitted
Numerical methods in engineering with MATLAB
Rank-deficient and discrete ill-posed problems : numerical aspects of linear inversion
On algebraic decoding of the Z[sub 4]-linear Goethals-like codes
A modern introduction to linear algebra
Linear algebra and matrix theory
On algebraic decoding of the Z[sub4]-linear Goethals-like codes
Linear algebra, a concrete introduction
Bayes linear statistics : theory and methods
Basic linear algebra
