http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16774 competition policy
competition policy
Regulatory reform in the Netherlands
European Union and globalisation : towards global democratic governance
Market dominance and antitrust policy
Buyer power and competition policy in food supply chains has emerged as an important economic issue and a highly sensitive item on the policy agenda around the world. In Finland, the increasing concentration of the distribution sector and processing industry has raised concern over the existence and gradual growth of buyer power in these sectors. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the possible existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain. More specifically, we follow an approach used by Lloyd et al. (2009) to measure oligopsony power among the Finnish food industry and retailers against farmers. The results suggest that the spread between producer and retailer prices in Finland is not consistent with perfectly competitive behaviour, and might thus be caused, at least as a candidate amongst other factors, by the existence of oligopsony power in the Finnish food supply chain.
European Union competition policy 2002 : XXXIInd report on competition policy
Sixteenth report on competition policy
Competition law and policy in the Baltic countries
Industrial policy and competitive advantage. Vol. 2, Instruments and targets
EU and UK competition law
Germany : consolidating economic and social renewal
The governance of global competition : competence allocation in international competition policy
The single European market : centralization or competition among national rules?
Competition policy in OECD countries : 1993-1994
Review of empirical studies on the relationship between firm's market position and non-value and value based performance
Competition law of the European Union and the Netherlands : an overview
The competition rules of the European Community and the economy of Eastern Europe : a study of the possibility of legal transplants : a study of EC competition law applied to Eastern Europe and its economy as a framework of reference supported by basic market economics
Trade and competition policies : comparing objectives and methods
Supplement to the report on competition policy 2005
Readings in microeconomics
XXIXth Report on competition policy 1999
Industrial policy for national champions
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Competition policy in OECD countries : 1992-1993
Europe's network industries : conflicting priorities : telecommunicaties
Competition policy in Europe
Report on competition policy 2006 : including Commission staff working document
Global perspectives on competitive intelligence
The limits of neoliberalism : authority, sovereignty and the logic of competition
Towards a sustainable well-being society : building blocks for a new socio-economic model
Thirteenth report on competition policy
Report on competition policy
Competition policy in Europe and the citizen
Competition policy and a changing broadcast industry
International antitrust law & policy
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Executive summary (s. 9-13).
Competition policy and law in Sweden - recent developments and looking ahead
Essays in industrial economics
European Community competition policy 2000 : XXXth report on competition policy
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
EEC competition policy in the single market
The competition law of the EEC : a practical guide
The cooperative edge : the internal politics of international cartels
Glossary of terms used in EU competition policy : antitrust and control of concentrations
A static microeconomic model of pure competition
Report on competition policy 2008 : including Commission staff working document
Dynamics of competence-based competition : theory and practice in the new strategic management
Barriers to entry and strategic competition
International competitiveness and environmental policies
Norway
University research performance : influence of funding competition, policy steering and micro-level factors
Current economic issues in EU integration
Competition law analysis on consortium standard setting in the context of knowledge-based economy
The competitive advantage of Finland : the primary research projects
Competitiveness and business environment in Finland : an international benchmarking
Competition policy in the European Community : the rules in theory and practice
The political economy of the European Union : An institutionalist perspective
Developments in European competition policy
Competition law and policy in the Middle East
The competitive challenge : strategies for industrial innovation and renewal
XXIVth Report on competition policy : 1994
Competition policy in Europe : the competition rules for supply and distribution agreements
Since its intellectual inception in the 1930s and its political emergence in the 1970s, neo-liberalism has sought to disenchant politics by replacing it with economics. This agenda-setting text examines the efforts and failures of economic experts to make government and public life amenable to measurement, and to re-model society and state in terms of competition. In particular, it explores the practical use of economic techniques and conventions by policy-makers, politicians, regulators and judges and how these practices are being adapted to the perceived failings of the neoliberal model. By picking apart the defining contradiction that arises from the conflation of economics and politics, this book asks: to what extent can economics provide government legitimacy?
The chaotic duopolists
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Merger policy with alternative mergers and efficiency gains
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
European Community competition policy 1996 : XXVIth report on competition policy
European economy. 40, Horizontal mergers and competition policy in the European Community
Competition policy in OECD countries : 1991-1992
Finland : a new consensus for change
The evolution of rules for a single European market. 1, Industry and finance
Convergence of competition laws and policies in the European Community : Germany, Austria, and the Netherlands
Report on competition policy 2007 : including Commission staff working document
Empirical “first-filter” test for the existence of buyer power in the Finnish food supply chain
Community competition policy
Competition policy and law in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan
Anti-trust economics : new challenges for competition policy
Report on competition policy : published in conjunction with the General report on the activities of the European Communities
European competition policy
Chinese Merger Control Law : An Assessment of its Competition-Policy Orientation after the First Years of Application
EU competition policy and the consumer
European Union competition policy 2001 : XXXIst report on competition policy
Competition laws and policies in the ESCWA region
Competition policy and the transformation of Central Europe
Towards a competence theory of the firm
Preventing carbon leakage with consumption-based emission policies?
Price competition and market concentration : an experimental study
The definition of relevant markets and the application of EC regulation 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings
Essays on current account imbalances
Competition policy and intellectual property rights in the knowledge-based economy
XXIIIrd report on competition policy : 1993
Trade policy issues and empirical analysis
Parental and Successor Liability for Joint Ventures̕ Competition Law Infringements in European Union
Antitrust policy and vertical restraints
The economics of the antitrust process
Telecommunications competition : the last ten miles
Vertical market integration and competition : the meat sector in Slovenia
CEA Info. 2, Competition : adaptation of European competition law to insurance
Trade and competitiveness in Argentina, Brazil and Chile : not as easy as A-B-C
Competition policy, domestic and international
XXIst report on competition policy 1991
Competition policy
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Antitrust and competition policy
Eighteenth report on competition policy
Strategic management : Building and sustaining competitive advantage
Regulatory reform in Japan
Price rigidity : causes and macroeconomic implications
European Community law : text and materials
XXth report on competition policy
Competition policy : a game-theoretic perspective
Issues after a century of federal competition policy
A general theory of competition : resources, competences, productivity, economic growth
Electricity deregulation : choices and challenges
European economy. 57, Competition and integration : Community merger control policy
Global antitrust : trade and competition linkages
The theory of price
Analysis of regulating horizontal agreements in EC Competition Law
Competition and efficiency in the European airline industry 1976-1990
Competition policy in agriculture
Comment on E. Dierker and B. Grodal, "Modelling policy issues in a world of imperfect competition"
The viability of the competitive market
Competition in Europe : essays in honour of Henk W. de Jong
Competition policy in America : history, rhetoric, law
EEC competition rules : guide for small and medium-sized enterprises
Optimal environmental taxation in a second-best world with imperfect competition
The Competitiveness of Tampere Central Region in  Localization Decisions of ICT Companies
Trading in futures : why markets in education don't work
Testing for competition in banking : behavioural evidence from Finland
Competition law & the environmet
The Palgrave handbook of European media policy
Europe ... questions and answers : competition in telecommunications: why and how?
Definition of the relevant market in Community competition policy
Competition policy in OECD countries : 1990-1991
Perceived trust and long-term contracts : the case of Finnish food retailers
EC competition law
The essence of competitive strategy
The economist intelligence unit guide to building a global image
Trade and competition : frictions after the Uruguay round
European Union competition policy : XXXIIIrd report on competition policy : 2003
Competition and integration : Community merger control policy
Competition for consumers : a study of the changing channels of distribution
Predatory pricing
The economics of intellectual property. Vol. 4, Competition and international trade
Model law on competition : substantive possible elements for a competition law, commentaries and alternative approaches in existing legislations
Modernised EC competition law in international arbitration
Rethinking strategic management : ways to improve competitive performance
Reports of Commission Decisions relating to competition : Articles 85, 86 and 90 of the EEC Treaty : End 1990-1992
EC merger remedies : competition concerns and remedies
Dealing with the Commission : notifications, complaints, inspections and fact-finding powers under Articles 85 and 86 of the EEC Treaty
Economics of regulation and antitrust
Monopolistic competition theory : origins, results, and implications
Executive summary (s. 9-19).
Contrived competition : regulation and deregulation in America
Advances in applied business strategy. Vol. 4
The competitive advantage of nations
XXIInd report on competition policy : 1992
Merger remedies in American and European Union competition law
Understanding the anti-monopoly law of the People's Republic of China
Big data and competition policy
Competition policy in a global economy : a Latin American perspective : interpretative summary of the conference Emerging Market Economy Forum, Buenos Aires, Argentina, 28-30 October 1996.
China's accession to the World Trade Organization : national and international perspectives
Issues in industrial economics
Fifteenth report on competition policy
"Excluded restrictions" and technology licensing contracts : an analysis of the no challenge provision in the new technology transfer block exemption regulation in Europe
Communication and uncertainty in concurrent engineering
European Community competition policy 1995 : XXVth report on competition policy
Growth through competition, competition through growth : strategic management and the economy in Japan
The privatisation of European telecommunications
From national prestige to the level of excellence
Twelth report on competition policy
Antitrust and regulation
EC competition law : a critical assessment
Seventeenth report on competition policy
European Community competition policy 1999 : XXIXth report on competition policy
Fourteenth report on competition policy
Organising competitor analysis systems
The political economy of European Union competition policy : a case study of the telecommunications industry
A framework for the design and implementation of competition law and policy
Executive summary (s. 9-15).
Executive summary (s. 11-15).
Global competitiveness and industrial growth in Taiwan and the Philippines
Information, incentives and the economics of control
Competition cases from the European Union : the ultimate guide to leading cases from the EU, member states and EFTA
Regulatory reform in Greece
The chaotic monopolist
On 1 August 2008, the Chinese Anti-Monopoly Law entered into force, introducing a comprehensive framework for competition law to the Chinese market. One set of the new rules pertains to merger control. Chinas Ministry of Commerce (MOFCOM) was nominated as the authority responsible for enforcing merger control in China, and has been actively doing so ever since. Recent years have established China as one of the most important merger filing jurisdictions for cross-border mergers alongside the EU and USA. This work evaluates the Chinese merger control law regime and MOFCOMs decision-making practice after more than five years of application. In particular, it assesses which policy goals (competition policy goals or industrial policy considerations) prevail in the written law and its application, and provides suggestions for a further improvement of the law with the aim to develop a transparent merger control regime that promotes long-term economic growth in China.
An unAmerican business : the rise of the new European enterprise
The economics of competitive enterprise : selected essays of P. W. S. Andrews
The European Union and the euro : how to deal with a currency built on dreams
Lectures in industrial organization theory
This discussion paper is an attempt to lay out a path toward a more sustainable society. It introduces several principles of sustainable well-being that meet the key sustainability challenges of advanced societies. Taken together, these principles form a vision of a sustainable well-being society.In addition, the paper analyzes the changing role of government in the transition towards sustainability. --Publisher's description.
Guide to information on European Union competition policy
Competition law and industrial policy in the EU
Values in sport : elitism, nationalism, gender equality and the scientific manufacture of winners
Marketing information : a competitive analysis
Fair trade and harmonization : prerequisites for free trade?. Vol. 1, Economic analysis
Competition policies for the global economy
First report on competition policy
Cases in competitive strategy
Impacts of state aid rules on the voluntary tasks of municipalities in support of local livelihood
