http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16768 economic forecasts
economic forecasts
Forecasting for management
The Finnish economy is returning to growth
Is there support for the sticky information models in the Michigan inflation expectation data?
Forecast for 2016-2018
Growth in corporate investment and exports is expected to be reflected in slowly improving output in the immediate years ahead. Nevertheless, owing to increased uncertainties in the global economy, there is a possibility that exports will not yet begin to rebound. On the other hand, the pick-up in domestic investment may be jeopardised if competitiveness problems cannot be resolved and the high degree of uncertainty surrounding fiscal consolidation persists. For these reasons, another possibility is that economic activity in the immediate future will be weaker than forecast..
A note on forecast evaluation and correction
On the profitability of using forecasts
Economic survey : September 2002.
Short term forecasting : an introduction to the Box-Jenkins approach
Transforming business survey answers into a leading indicator
Karaoke capitalism : management for mankind
Natural capitalism : creating the next industrial revolution
Improving the management of demand information in a globally operating company : case NK Cables
Where on earth are we going?
Tests of the efficiency of some Finnish macroeconomic forecasts : an analysis of forecast revisions
Prospects for sustained development of the Palestinian economy : strategies and policies for reconstruction and development
Global growth remains sluggish
A Policy-oriented survey of the future : towards a broader perspective : summary of the twenty-fifth report to the government
Fluctuations, growth, and forecasting : the principles of dynamic business economics
Regional econometric forecasting models : a test of structural generality, disaggregation effects, and policy analysis potentials with application to the Milwaukee metropolitan area
Presents a collection of essays by such authors as Noam Chomsky, Naomi Klein, and Evo Morales discussing the economic policies and conditions of the world today.
Do measurement errors in GDP announcements cause output fluctuations?
Prediction markets : fundamentals, designs, and applications
The Finnish economy is still in a difficult situation. During the forecast period, the return to growth will be very sluggish and much slower than in the rest of the euro area. Developments in Finland's export markets now look weaker than previously forecast, and as a result foreign trade will give little stimulus to the economy in the immediate years ahead. During the forecast period, growth will depend on domestic demand. In 2016, the Finnish economy will grow 0.7%, followed by 1.0% in 2017. Risks to the forecast are predominantly on the downside and productivity development will be weak..
The Finnish economy is returning to growth. Economic data have strengthened, and leading indicators suggest growth continuing through the forecast years. However, this growth is entirely dependent on domestic demand, and net exports remain weak. The Finnish economy is still lagging behind activity in the rest of the euro area, and real GDP will not recover its pre-financial crisis level even by the end of the forecast period. Meanwhile, the increasing role of the service sector in the economy slows productivity growth and the decline in the working-age population also dampens longer-term prospects. The Bank of Finland forecast foresees 1.1% GDP growth in 2016. The economy will continue to grow by 1.1% in 2017 and 1.0% in 2018..
This paper introduces a Lagrange Multiplier (LM) test for testing an autoregressive structure in a binary time series model. Simulation results indicate that the two versions of the proposed LM test have reasonable size and power properties when the sample size is large. A parametric bootstrap method is suggested to obtain approximately correct sizes also in small samples. The use of the test is illustrated by an application to recession forecasting models using monthly U.S. data.
The global economy is expected to grow by a full 3% annually in 2017-2018, i.e. only slightly faster than in 2016. World trade growth will remain slow relative to GDP growth, as in recent years. In the United States and China, economic growth will continue to be strong and will sustain global growth. A slight rise in the oil price will support gradual economic recovery in Russia. Euro area growth is expected to remain relatively brisk, driven by domestic demand. Brexit will cast a shadow over the growth outlook, particularly for the United Kingdom but also to some extent for the rest of Europe. Emerging economies will continue to develop at a relatively steady pace during the forecast period and are not expected to be much affected by the dip in European growth..
Do macroeconomic forecasts influence firms' expectations
Do macroeconomic forecasts influence firms' expectations?
Introductory business & economic forecasting
Economic outlook
Forecasting the macroeconomy with financial market information
Nordic economies : quarterly
Forecast for 2017-2019
Economic forecasting
U.S.A. 2012 : after the middle-class revolution
Russia's economy and imports to contract further
Medium term prospects for the European economies
Beyond recovery : ECA - revised perspectives of Africa's development, 1988-2008
Forecasting in business and economics
Techniques of economic forecasting : an account of the methods of short-term economic forecasting used by the governments of Canada, France, the Netherlands, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States
Falling oil prices translate into an income transfer from producers to consumers
Prosperity : the coming twenty-year boom and what it means to you
Measuring inflation expectations in Finland : a survey data approach
Russian economy and imports to contract substantially in 2015.
Business and economic forecasting : an econometric approach
Prospects for sustained development of the Palestinian economy in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, 1990-2010 : a quantitative framework
The Russian economy has begun to contract due to the fall in the price of oil. GDP will contract by over 4% in 2015. The uncertainty will cause a decline in investment, and consumption will be cut particularly by rapid inflation. Imports will be reduced by the contracting economy, a weak rouble and declining export income. In 2016-2017, the price of oil will rise and the contraction in the economy and imports will flatten out. Forecast risks relating to investment and imports, in particular, are high.
On stepwise regression and economic forecasting
Economic modelling in the OECD countries
China in the 21st century : long-term global implications
The 500 year delta : what happens after what comes next
Macroeconomy and consumer sentiment : performance of the Finnish consumer barometer after ten years
Debunking economics : the naked emperor dethroned?
Britain's economic prospects
The business forecasting deal : exposing myths, eliminating bad practices, providing practical solutions
Finland falling further behind euro area growth
Multiclient forecasts as a source of corporate strategic information
The fall in the oil price is broadly reflected across the current situation in the global economy and the outlook for the future. According to most assessments, the oil price drop is for the most part a positive supply shock that in the short term will support growth and slow inflation in net oil-importing countries. In addition to the oil price, long-term interest rates have also declined substantially in the euro area. As a whole, the outlook for the advanced economies has strengthened on average, while the outlook for many emerging economies has weakened. There are, however, major differences within the country groups, a fact also reflected in exchange rates. A particular case in point is the appreciation of the US dollar..
Predicting U.S. recession with dynamic binary response models
Changes from the previous forecast
Computerized financial forecasting and performance reporting
The global outlook has weakened slightly
People first economics
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period
Economic policies for the 1990s
Methods of long-term planning and forecasting : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association at Moscow
The effects of the Government's economic policy programme are assessed separately in this alternative scenario, as the programme is not included in the baseline forecast. The consolidation measures, if carried through, will markedly strengthen the public finances. On account of the measures, growth in the general government debt to GDP ratio will come to a halt in 2019. The effects on economic growth essentially depend on whether cost-competitiveness can also be improved. Despite the consolidation measures, the general government debt ratio resumes growth over the longer term..
How do we know where the economy is heading today?
What is the present situation of the economy, and in which direction is it heading? What is the present rate of economic growth? National accounts and other economic statistics offer information on the economic situation, but they are published with a considerable delay. Information on the GDP of the present quarter does not arrive until several months later. Even so, many economic decisions require the support of real-time information. Short-term forecast models, so-called nowcasting models, enable evaluation of the state of the economy before official statistics are completed..
Macroeconomic performance and fiscal policy adjustments in the medium term : alternative medium-term scenarios
Strategies for Central and Eastern Europe
The Bank of Finland forecasts a global growth rate of 2.8% in 2016, rising only slightly to 3.2% in 2017-2018. The growth pick-up reflects a recovery of the emerging economies suffering from the recession. World trade growth in the forecast period will be close to world GDP growth. The forecasts for the United States and the EU22 are more moderate than previously, but growth should still exceed the estimated potential growth rate. The growth forecast for China in 2016-2017 remains at 6%, from which it is expected to slow to 5% in 2018..
Forecast for 2015-2017
An unformalised forecasting model : the structure of the forecasting procedure of the National institute of economic research
Corporate responsibilities and opportunities to 1990
The mandibles : A Family, 2029–2047
Short-term economic forecasting
Short-term forecasting of industrial production by means of quick indicators
Selection of models by forecasting intervals
Learnings from the long view /.
Business forecasting for management
Uncertain futures : challenges for decision-makers
Applied economic forecasting
Overall, the outlook for the global economy has weakened slightly during the last six months. The difficulties of the emerging economies are dampening global prospects at the same time as growth in the advanced economies has even exceeded the estimated growth rate for potential output. During the forecast period (2016-2018), moderate growth in the advanced economies will continue. World trade will grow slowly, at the same pace as global GDP..
Rational expectations in a macromodel : an empirical study
Construction in the Nordic countries
In the wake of a second export price shock late last year, the Bank of Finland now expects Russian GDP to contract 3% in 2016. Our new forecast assumes the price of oil averages slightly over $40 a barrel this year, about 60% below the 2014 average. With the economy shrinking and depressed export earnings, Russian imports should fall another 10% this year..
The KTKV-model of the economics department of the Bank of Finland : a semiannual model for forecasting world economic prospects
Near-term growth in the global economy and world trade will be slower than previously forecast. However, low commodity prices and the condition of the monetary economy will support global growth. Economic recovery is expected to gradually gather strength in the euro area, becoming more broadly based. Exchange rate developments to date serve to bolster the outlook for euro area growth and inflation. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, given the low price of oil. Economic growth in China has slowed, but will continue to be relatively robust..
Economic forecasting involves choosing simple yet robust models to best approximate highly complex and evolving data-generating processes. This poses unique challenges for researchers in a host of practical forecasting situations, from forecasting budget deficits and assessing financial risk to predicting inflation and stock market returns. Economic Forecasting presents a comprehensive, unified approach to assessing the costs and benefits of different methods currently available to forecasters. This text approaches forecasting problems from the perspective of decision theory and estimation, and demonstrates the profound implications of this approach for how we understand variable selection, estimation, and combination methods for forecasting models, and how we evaluate the resulting forecasts. Both Bayesian and non-Bayesian methods are covered in depth, as are a range of cutting-edge techniques for producing point, interval, and density forecasts. The book features detailed presentations and empirical examples of a range of forecasting methods and shows how to generate forecasts in the presence of large-dimensional sets of predictor variables. The authors pay special attention to how estimation error, model uncertainty, and model instability affect forecasting performance. * Presents a comprehensive and integrated approach to assessing the strengths and weaknesses of different forecasting methods * Approaches forecasting from a decision theoretic and estimation perspective * Covers Bayesian modeling, including methods for generating density forecasts * Discusses model selection methods as well as forecast combinations * Covers a large range of nonlinear prediction models, including regime switching models, threshold autoregressions, and models with time-varying volatility * Features numerous empirical examples * Examines the latest advances in forecast evaluation * Essential for practitioners and students alike.
Testing an autoregressive structure in binary time series models
An analysis of advance effects of anticipated policy actions : recent results with the Finnish MICRO-QMED model
Economic growth in Finland has been slow for a prolonged period, both historically and by international comparison. In recent years, growth has been depressed not only by the weak international economy, but also by sectoral and structural problems, such as an ageing population and lacklustre productivity development. In the forecast years 2015-2017, the economy will start to grow sluggishly as the export markets revive. The continued accommodative stance of monetary policy will also help support growth..
Economics and the future : time and discounting in private and public decision making
Forecasting, planning, and strategy for the 21st century
Consolidation measures strengthen public finances
Big picture economics : how to navigate the new global economy
Future agenda : six challenges for the next decade
The Asian miracle, myth, and mirage : the economic slowdown is here to stay
Long-range economic projection
Medium-term forecasts of potential GDP and inflation using age structure information
Long term projections of power : political, economic and military forecasting
Paradigms : the business of discovering the future
Business forecasting
Forecasting
Finland's economic situation remains difficult
Short-term forecasting of industrial production with business survey data : experience from Finland's great depression 1990-1993
Rational expectations : a seminar sponsored by the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, February 1, 1980, Washington D.C
Forecasting on a scientific basis : proceedings of an International Summer Institute held in Curia, Portugal, september 1966.
A long-term vision of the Slovak society development : summary
European economy. 35, The economics of 1992 : An assessment of the potential economic effects of completing the internal market of the European Community
Global economic growth will gain momentum in the forecast period. The sliding oil price will benefit oil-importing countries. In the euro area, the Extended Asset Purchase Programme (EAPP) has reduced funding costs, improved lending and strengthened the confidence of economic agents. The exchange rate developments to date support the growth and inflation outlooks of the euro area and Japan, while the recovery of the US economy is consistent with the strong US dollar. The Russian economy will contract over the next two years, following the collapse of the oil price. Economic growth in China will remain relatively robust..
The Soviet economy : toward the year 2000
Outlook for emerging economies worsened
An econometric model of Sweden
Difficulties in emerging economies weigh on global growth
Economic policy after 1992
Forecast for the Finnish economy in 2015-2017
Consumer demand in the United States, 1929-1970 : analyses and projections
Financial variables and economic activity in the Nordic countries
Targeting inflation over the sort, medium and long term
Economic forecasting : an introduction
Britain 1984 : unilever's forecast : an experiment in the economic history of the future
Economic forecasts and policy
OECD economic outlook
Forecast pretesting and correction
New rules for the new economy : 10 radical strategies for a connected world
Linking firm data to macroeconomic data : some theoretical and econometric considerations
Forecast risks predominantly on the downside
