http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16721 bows
bows
Quartet : for Piano, Violin, Viola and Violoncello ; C minor Op. 60
Tires, suspension and handling
Building better strings and orchestras : a manual for the string teacher and orchestra director ; Including a complete guide to the Belwin Mills Course for Strings
The art of quartet playing
Structural significance of the motive in the string quartets of Béla Bartók
Indian arms and armour. Vol. 1, (Pre-and protohistoric weapons and archery)
Archery anatomy : an introduction to techniques for improved performance
Samurai : the weapons and spirit of the Japanese warrior
Narrating with twelve tones : Einojuhani Rautavaara's first serial period (ca. 1957-1965)
Car suspension and handling
In search of lost chamber work : introducing Jean Sibelius's En saga septet for flute, clarinet and strings
Basic illustrated. Archery
String quartet chamber music :  the personal way of music development
Music for silenced voices : Shostakovich and his fifteen quartets
Playing the violin and stringed instruments
Beethoven and Bartók : a comparative study of motivic techniques in the later Beethoven quartets and the six string quartets of Bela Bartók
Playing with signs : a semiotic interpretation of classic music
Johann Andreas Stein's 1781 claviorganum and the construction of art in eighteenth-century Augsburg
Arms and armor : a pictorial archive from nineteenth-century sources
Spalding official archery guide
Archery-golf guide : June 1972-June 1974 : with official rules
Shostakovich in dialogue : form, imagery and ideas in quartets 1-7
Traditional archery
Contemporary finnish music 2
THE ART OF ARCHERY
McGraw-Hill machining and metalworking handbook
Archery : steps to success
Composing the modern subject : four string quartets by Dmitri Shostakovich
The traditional bowyer's bible. Volume three
The crooked stick : a history of the longbow
Authenticity in performance : eighteenth-century case studies
Handbook of electromechanical product design
The bow : some notes on its origin and development
Arms & armour
Bartók's string quartets
Aspects of Aspects : towards Aulis Sallinen's string quartet no. 3
Fundamentals of machine elements
Christmas quartets : 10 christmas carols for string quartet
The "Galitzin" quartets of Beethoven : opp. 127, 132, 130
European crossbows: a survey by Josef Alm
The importance of symphonic processes : primordial cells in the early works for chamber orchestra of Joonas Kokkonen
[Abstract].
String time joggers : 14 pieces for flexible ensemble
Archery in Earnest
New music for clarinet
The snowman : for string quartet
The medieval archer
The Beethoven string quartets : compositional strategies and rhetoric
The traditional bowyer's bible. Volume four
Beethoven's compositional choices : the two versions of Opus 18, no. 1, first movement
The A.S.T.A. dictionary of bowing terms for string instruments
Chops & grooves : rhythmic explorations for bowed strings
The miraculous mandarin
Archery : the art of repetition
Universal dictionary of violin and bow makers
Grand hotel : 10 exquisite pieces for Palm Court Piano Trio / selected and arranged by Keith Stent
Serenade for tenor, horn & strings
The art of archerie
The traditional bowyer's bible. Volume one
Compatible quartets for strings. Cello : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Anguyiim nalliini = Time of warring : the history of bow-and-arrow warfare in Southwest Alaska
...de Tartuffe, je crois : for piano and string quartet
Edged weapons
String time joggers : 14 pieces for flexible ensemble : cello
Archery
String time joggers : 14 pieces for flexible ensemble : violin
Medieval weapons : an illustrated history of their impact
Black Flowers
Teaching of action in string playing  : Violin & Viola
The art of quartet playing : The Guarneri Quartet in conversation with
Strings that conquered the world : morin khuur, the Mongolian horse-head violin
In the process of becoming : analytic and philosophical perspectives on form in early nineteenth-century music
Miniature trios for violin, cello and piano : 3 Rumba
The art of archery
Archery in earnest
On methods of music theory and (ethno-) musicology : from interdisciplinary research to teaching
The Crossbow : its military and sporting history, construction and use
The Snowman : for string quartet
Virtuosic rendering of enigmatic Hakola
Native informant
Quintet for piano, violin, violoncello and double-bass : A major D 667 "The trout" : A-dur D 667 "Die Forelle" = Quintet für Klavier, Violine, Viola, Violoncello und Kontrabass
The traditional bowyer's bible. Volume 4
Three prehistoric bows : a contribution to the history of archery in Finland
4 centuries for strings ; arranged and edited with complete program notes by Philip Gordon
Serenade from the string quartet in F
Precision archery
Born
Jänis istui maassa : jousiyhtyeelle = The hare sat on the ground for string ensemble
Secrets of the English war bow
Magnets and springs
String time joggers : 14 pieces for flexible ensemble : viola
The traditional bowyer's bible. Volume two
Timeless bowhunting : the art, the science & the spirit
Getting the most out of Mozart : the instrumental works
Arctic bowyery - the use of compression wood in bows in the Subarctic and Arctic regions of Eurasia and America
Ways of listening : an ecological approach to the perception of musical meaning
Weapons : an international encyclopedia from 5000 BC to 2000 AD
Haydn: String quartets, op. 50
The art of quartet playing : the Guarneri Quartet in conversation with David Blum
Das klassische Trio = The calssical trio = A klasszikus trió
Shostakovich: String quartet no. 8
Beginner's guide to traditional archery
Quartet in B flat major, K. 458, The hunt
String quartet no. 1 : op. 50
Sinfonietta for strings
