http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16724 presenters
presenters
Secrets of performing confidence : for actors, musicians, performers, presenters and public speakers
Seriously--I'm kidding
Forget the poor : radio kinship and exploited labor in Zambia
A portrait of an idiot as a young man : part memoir, part explanation as to why men are so rubbish
The rise, the fall, and the rise
Television presenters are key to the sociability of the medium, speaking directly to viewers as intermediaries between audiences and those who are interviewed, perform or compete on screen. As targets of both great affection and derision from viewers and the subjects of radio, internet, magazine and newspaper coverage, many have careers that have lasted almost as long as post-war television itself. Nevertheless, as a profession, television presenting has received little scholarly attention. Personality Presenters explores the role of the television presenter, analysing the distinct skills possessed by different categories of host and the expectations and difficulties that exist with regard to the promotion of the various films, books, consumer and cultural products with which they are associated. The close involvement of presenters with the content that they present is examined, while the impact of the presenters' own celebrity on the tasks that they perform is scrutinised. With a focus on non-fiction entertainment shows such as game shows, lifestyle and reality shows, chat, daytime and talk shows, this book explores issues of consumer culture, advertising and celebrity, as well as the connection of presenters with ethical issues. Offering detailed case studies of internationally recognised presenters, as well comparisons between national presenters from the UK and Australia, Personality Presenters provides a rich discussion of television presenters as significant conduits in the movement of ideas.
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voice-over
Back story : a memoir
Laid in Chelsea : my life uncovered
The Top Gear years
Memoirs of an unfit mother
Abstract.
Crime guys
Crest of a wave of words : language use, cosmopolitan dreams and modernity in youth-oriented radio speech community in Lusaka, Zambia
Tuplamorsian
Personality presenters : television's intermediaries with viewers
On the edge  : my story
Oprah Winfrey : talk show host and media magnate
Wayne's world : Collection
Stories of Oprah : the Oprahfication of American culture
Attempting normal
On the road : growing up in eight journeys : my early years
Armchair nation : an intimate history of Britain in front of the TV
The conqueror
Eyes on you : a novel of suspense
Oprah Winfrey is an international television talk show icon, a billionaire, a noted philanthropist, and an adoptive mother of underprivileged children in America and Africa. She has achieved a position of such eminence that she has been recognized as one of the world's most powerful people by CNN, Time, USA Today, Life, Forbes, and Entertainment Weekly. This biography examines the life of a person raised in poverty and a single mother at 14, who is now one of the richest and most influential people in the world. Oprah's life is a bonafide rags-to-riches story that is all the more compelling because of her empathy, sense of humor, and ability to communicate and connect with people. Beyond the estimated 30 million American viewers who tune into her television show each week, there are devoted fans in 140 countries where Oprah's show is broadcast. Her life and businesses continue to expand, now encompassing a radio channel, two magazines, and the forthcoming OWN: The Oprah Winfrey Network television channel. This book documents the different aspects of Oprah's life, incorporating the details of her public, private, and philanthropic personas. These seven chapters of the second edition span the time period from her childhood in rural Mississippi to her present-day status as a global superstar and philanthropist.
The girl with the lower back tattoo
Audition : a memoir
The Girl with the lower back tattoo
The interview
Midnight caller
Morning glory
Oprah Winfrey : a biography
Secrets of voice-over success : top voice-over artists reveal how they did it
Wayne's world
The Fisher King : deluxe widescreen presentation
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
The living and the dead in Winsford
The fisher king
The life of Rylan
Comfort food
Conan O'Brien can't stop
Seriously...I'm kidding
Wayne's world collection
