http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16759 prisoners of war
prisoners of war
The code of international armed conflict. 1
Prisoners of war, prisoners of peace : captivity, homecoming and memory in World War II
Kiss the boys goodbye: how the United States betrayed its own POWs in Vietnam
The long walk : the true story of a trek to freedom
Post-traumatic cerebral athropy : a study on brain-injured veterans of the Finnish wars of 1939-40 and 1941-45
The mental health consequences of torture
Without vodka : adventures in wartime Russia
Sotahistoriallinen aikakauskirja = Journal of military history. 19
River Kwai railway : the story of the Burma-Siam railroad
The stigma of surrender : German prisoners, British captors, and manhood in the Great War and beyond
Barbed wire diplomacy : Britain, Germany, and the politics of prisoners of war, 1939-1945
The code of international armed conflict. 2
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Defence : the legal implications : military law and the laws of war
A meal in winter
Spaniards in the Holocaust : Mauthausen, the horror on the Danube
The constant soldier
The war behind the wire : the life, death and glory of British prisoners of war, 1914-18
In the shadow of death : living outside the gates of Mauthausen
Captured Soviet generals : the fate of Soviet generals captured by the Germans, 1941-1945
Confronting captivity : Britain and the United States and their POWs in Nazi Germany
Child soldiers : the role of children in armed conflict
Little Manfred
"Approximately 9 million soldiers fell into enemy hands from 1914 to 1918, but historians have only recently begun to recognize the prisoner of war's significance to the history of the Great War. Examining the experiences of the approximately 130,000 German prisoners held in the United Kingdom during World War I, historian Brian K. Feltman brings wartime captivity back into focus."--
Colditz : the definitive history
Prisoners of the Japanese : pows of the second world war in the Pasific
The enormous room
Shame and the captives
The legal status of prisoners of war : a study in international humanitarian law applicable in armed conflicts
Violence against Prisoners of War in the First World War : Britain, France and Germany, 1914–1920
The evening chorus : a novel
Prisoners of war
Escape in America : the British Convention prisoners, 1777-1783
Prisoners of the Japanese : POWs of World War II in the Pacific
The railway man
The Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 : commentary. 3, Geneva Convention Relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War
Hitler's African victims : the German Army massacres of Black French soldiers in 1940
Dialogue with death
The Czech and Slovak legion in Siberia, 1917-1922
Prisoner of war
Private acts or public wrongs : private military contractors and state responsibility in the light of the abuses at Abu Ghraib
The enemy in our hands : America's treatment of enemy prisoners of war, from the Revolution to the War on Terror
Other losses : an investigation into the mass deaths of German prisoners at the hands at the French and Americans after World War II
The garden of evening mists
The narrow road to the deep North
Skeletons at the feast : a novel
Homecomings : returning POWs and the legacies of defeat in postwar Germany
"By expanding the definition of "epistle" to include any writing that addresses the intended receiver directly, JaHyun Kim Haboush introduces readers to the rich epistolary practice of Chosŏn Korea. The Chosŏn dynasty (1392-1910) produced an abundance of epistles, writings that mirror the genres of neighboring countries (especially China) while retaining their own specific historical trajectory. Written in both literary Chinese and vernacular Korean, the writings collected here range from royal public edicts to private letters, a fascinating array that blurs the line between classical and everyday language and the divisions between men and women. Haboush's selections also recast the relationship between epistolography and the concept of public and private space. Haboush groups her epistles according to where they were written and read : public letters, letters to colleagues and friends, social letters, and family letters. Then she arranges them according to occasion : letters on leaving home, deathbed letters, letters of fiction, and letters to the dead. She examines the mechanics of epistles, their communicative space, and their cultural and political meaning. With its wholly unique collection of materials, "Epistolary Korea" produces more than a vivid chronicle of pre- and early modern Korean life. It breaks new ground in establishing the terms of a distinct, non-European form of epistolography."-- Back cover.
The law of armed conflict : constraints on the contemporary use of military force
Five years of my life : an innocent man in Guantanamo
Katyn : a crime without punishment
From war to peace : the experience of captivity of the POWs in world war II, 1944-1955 : an international conference March 7, 2005, Helsinki, Finland
The Colditz myth : British and commonwealth prisoners of war in Nazi Germany
The barbarisation of warfare
My life with the Taliban
Barbed wire studio : an artist prisoner - 1940-45
Prisoner-of-war ship models, 1775-1825
The bridge on the river Kwai
The prisoner
The end of the Second World War in Europe gave way to a gigantic refugee crisis. Thoroughly prepared by Allied military planners, the swift repatriation of millions of former forced laborers, concentration camp inmates and prisoners of war nearly brought this dramatic episode top a close. Yet in September 1945, the number of displaced persons placed under the guardianship of Allied armies and relief agencies in occupied Germany amounted to 1.5 million. A costly burden for the occupying powers, the Jewish, Polish, Ukrainian, Yugoslav and Baltic DPs unwilling to return to their countries of origin presented a complex international problem. Massed in refugee camps stretched from Northern Germany to Sicily, the DPs had become long-term asylum seekers. Based on the records of the International Refugee Organization, this book describes how the European DP crisis impinged on the shape of the postwar order. The DP question directly affected the outbreak of the Cold War; the transformation of the "West" into a new geopolitical entity; the conduct of political purges and retribution; the ideology and methods of modern humanitarian interventions; the appearance of international agencies and non-governmental organizations; the emergence of an international human rights system; the organization of migration movements and the redistribution of "surplus populations"; the advent of Jewish nationhood; and postwar categorizations of political and humanitarian refugees.
Summary.
The causes of mortality of the Soviet prisoners of war in German captivity in Norway, 1941-1945
The way back
The Colonel of Tamarkan: Philip Toosey and the Bridge on the River Kwai
Kl : a history of the Nazi concentration camps
A town like Alice
The wooden horse
The treatment of prisoners under international law
"Narratives of Kiowa, Cheyenne, Arapaho, Comanche and Caddo prisoners taken to Ft. Marion, Florida, in 1875 interspersed with the author's own history and contemporary reflections of place and identity"--
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
White nights : the story of a prisoner in Russia
The last flight
Life on the death railway : the memoirs of a British prisoner of war
The narrow road to the deep north
Boldness be my friend
Case concerning trial of Pakistani prisoners of war : (Pakistan v. India) = Affaire relative au procès de prisonniers de guerre pakistanais : (Pakistan c. Inde)
The monument of the Crimean war Finnish soldiers in England
POW baseball in World War II : the national pastime behind barbed wire
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Torture team : deception, cruelty and the compromise of law
The man who broke into Auschwitz
The Scottish prisoner : a novel
Snowflakes in the wind
Unbroken : an extraordinary true story of courage and survival
Performance, ethics and spectatorship in a global age
Easy peasy
The monument, in Lewes, East Sussex, is dedicated to the 28 Finns who died in the local prison, after being captured when the British attacked the Åland Islands during the Crimean War 1854-1856..
Spirit house
City of savages
Release and repatriation of prisoners of war at the end of active hostilities : a study of article 118, paragraph 1, of the Third Geneva Convention relative to the the treatment of prisoners of war
In war's wake : Europe's displaced persons in the postwar order
The cove
For the end of time : the story of the Messiaen quartet
Company of Heroes : ohjaus Don Michael Paul
First blood. part II
Post-traumatic cerebral atrophy : a study on brain-injured veterans of the Finnish wars of 1939-40 and 1941-45
Interrogations : the Nazi elite in Allied hands, 1945
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
The rules of attribution and the private military contractors at Abu Ghraig : private acts or public wrongs?
The rules of attribution and the private military contractors at Abu Ghraib: Privat acts of public wrongs?
Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence
Devil at my heels
Thresholds of peace : four hundred thousand German prisoners and the people of Britain 1944-1948
Documents on prisoners of war
The Bridge on the River Kwai
A Korean war captive in Japan, 1597-1600 : the writings of Kang Hang
The prisoner of Guantanamo
Karo belaisvių ir civilių gyventojų žudynės Lietuvoje = Murders of prisoners of war and of civilian population in Lithuania : 1941-1944
Prisoners of war in international armed conflict
Unbroken : a World War II story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Death in the forest : the story of the Katyn forest massacre
Prisoners of war and their captors in World War II
Epistolary Korea : letters in the communicative space of the Chosŏn, 1392-1910
Habeas corpus after 9/11 : confronting America's new global detention system
The flamboya tree : memories of a mother's wartime courage
A battlefield of ideas : Nazi concentration camps and their Polish prisoners
Illegal killing of Soviet prisoners of war by Finns during the Finno-Soviet continuation war of 1941-44
Savage continent : Europe in the aftermath of World War II
Unbroken : a World War II airman's story of survival, resilience, and redemption
Mutual hostages : Canadians and Japanese during the Second World War
Crimes against POWs : responsibility of the Wehrmacht
Katin, the mass murder of Polish prisoners of war : report prepared by the Polish Association of Former Soviet Political Prisoners and presented by the Polish Socialist Party to the International Socialist Conference, Copenhagen, 1-3 June, 1950.
The vanishing throne
Exile and identity : Polish women in the Soviet Union during World War II
Fort Marion prisoners and the trauma of native education
The promise of rain
War trash
The land girls
A wartime log of a young RAF air gunner prisoner of war 1944-1945
Hitler's foreign workers : enforced foreign labor in Germany under the third reich
The least worst place : how Guantanamo became the world's most notorious prison
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
