http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16767 dance reviews
dance reviews
Dance - continuity in change
Writing dancing in the age of postmodernism
Dance writings
Before, between, and beyond : three decades of dance writing
Select bibliography
Learn how to formulate critical responses to the dances you see, create, and perform. In Dancers Talking Dance, author Larry Lavender outlines the five-step ORDER approach to critical evaluation: Observation, Reflection, Discussion, Evaluation, and Recommendations for revisions. Lavender introduces and explains the approach by interweaving practical, how-to examples with explanations of the theories underlying each step. He also provides writing and discussion ideas designed to stimulate thinking about the critical process and how it works. With these skills, you will learn how to observe, describe, analyze, write, and talk more effectively about dances and other works of art. Dancers Talking Dance will enrich your choreography experiences and expand you critical skills, helping you to become a more articulate, creative, and confident dancer.
Engaging bodies : the politics and poetics of corporeality
A Nordic folkdance typology
Fire, wind, colour, rhythm
The same difference? : ethical and political perspectives on dance
Sight lines
Dancers and critics
Through the Eyes of a Dancer compiles the writings of noted dance critic and editor Wendy Perron. In pieces for The SoHo Weekly News, Village Voice, The New York Times, and Dance Magazine, Perron limns the larger aesthetic and theoretical shifts in the dance world since the 1960s. She surveys a wide range of styles and genres, from downtown experimental performance to ballets at the Metropolitan Opera House. In opinion pieces, interviews, reviews, brief memoirs, blog posts, and contemplations on the choreographic process, she gives readers an up-close, personalized look at dancing as an art form. Dancers, choreographers, teachers, college dance students - and anyone interested in the intersection between dance and journalism - will find Perron's probing and insightful writings inspiring. Through the Eyes of a Dancer is a nuanced microcosm of dance's recent globalization and modernization that also provides an opportunity for new dancers to look back on the traditions and styles that preceded their own
Dancers talking dance : critical evaluation in the choreography class
Critical gestures : writings on dance and culture
A dance of symbols and wordlessness
First we take Manhattan : four American women and the New York school of dance criticism
The romantic ballet as seen by Théophile Gautier : being his notices of all the principal performances of ballet given at Paris during the years 1837-1848
Ballet old and new
Observer of the Dance 1958-1982
The dance experience : insights into history, culture, and creativity
For twenty-five years, Ann Cooper Albright has been exploring the intersection of cultural representation and somatic identity in dance. For Albright, dancing is a physical inquiry, a way of experiencing and participating in the world, and her writing reflects an interdisciplinary approach to seeing and thinking about dance. In her engagement as both a dancer and a scholar, Albright draws on her kinesthetic sensibilities as well as her intellectual knowledge to articulate how movement creates meaning. Throughout Engaging Bodies movement and ideas lean on one another to produce a critical theory anchored in the material reality of dancing bodies. This blend of cultural theory and personal circumstance will be useful and inspiring for emerging scholars and dancers looking for a model of writing about dance that thrives on the interconnectedness of watching and doing, gesture and thought.
Writing about dance
Through the eyes of a dancer : selected writings
Landscape with moving figures : a decade on dance
Reading dance : a gathering of memoirs, reportage, criticism, profiles, interviews, and some uncategorizable extras
At the ballet : selected criticism
The dance of symbols and wordlessness
