http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16750 critical theory
critical theory
Critical management research ; reflections from the field
Feeling power : emotions and education
Minima Moralia : reflections from damaged life
Indoctrination, communicative teaching and recognition : studies in critical theory and democracy in education
Compassionate education : a prolegomena for radical schooling
Adorno, Habermas, and the search for a rational society
Social work : a critical approach to practice
Key concepts in critical management studies
Refiguring critical theory : Jürgen Habermas and the possibilities of political change
The jargon of authenticity
Against epistemology : a metacritique : studies in Husserl and the phenomenological antinomies
Woman, nature, and psyche
Criticism and social change
Contemporary critical theory and methodology
Community without unity : a politics of Derridian extravagance
Marxism and the interpretation of culture
Minima moralia : reflections from damaged life / Theodor Adorno ; translated from the German by E. F. N. Jephcott
Between Freiburg and Frankfurt : toward a critical ontology
Critical theory and the sociology of knowledge : a comparative study in the theory of ideology
Critical theory : current state and future prospects
Critical social theory : culture, society and critique
Negations : Essays in critical theory
Cultural-political interventions in the unfinished project of enlightenment
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 3, Wirkungen kritische Theorie und Kritisches Denken
Theories of desire
Critique, action, and liberation
Critique of urbanization : selected essays
Critical theory and philosophy
The complete correspondence 1928-1940
Unauthorized methods : strategies for critical teaching
Contingencies of value : alternative perspectives for critical theory
A critical theory of public life : knowledge, discourse and politics in an age of decline
Contemporary hermeneutics : hermeneutics as method, philosophy and critique
Feminists read Habermas : gendering the subject of discourse
Educational perspectives on recognition theory
Theory for classics : a student's guide
A dictionary of cultural and critical theory / editor Michael Payne
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 2, Critics and critical theory in Eastern Europe
Rebuilding defenses : explorations in Norman Fairclough's theory of critical discourse analysis
This important new collection considers Jurgen Habermas's discourse theory from a variety of feminist vantage points. Feminist scholars have been drawn to Habermas's work because it reflects a tradition of emancipatory political thinking rooted in the Enlightenment and engages with the normative aims of emancipatory social movements. The essays in Feminists Read Habermas analyze various aspects of Habermas's work, ranging from his moral theory to political issues of identity and participation. The contributors share a conviction about the potential significance of Habermas's work for feminist reflections on power, norms and subjectivity.
Critical Theory today : the Frankfurt School: how relevant is it today? = Die Frankfurter Schule: wie aktuellt ist die kritische Theorie?
On Habermas
The critique of domination : the origins and development of critical theory
Critical theory now
Globalizing resistance against war? : a critical analysis of the theoretical debate through a case study of the "new" anti-war movement in Britain
Finnish summary.
Adorno's poetics of critique
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
Critical sociology : European perspectives
The Frankfurt School : how relevant is it today?. 1, Critical theory and the science of management
Understanding critical social psychology
Radical intellectuals and the subversion of progressive politics : the betrayal of politics
Reconstructing sociology : the critical realist approach
Fleeing the universal : the critique of post-rational criticism
Containing over 750 in-depth entries, this is the most wide-ranging and up-to-date dictionary of critical theory available. It covers the whole range of critical theory, including the Frankfurt school, cultural materialism, cultural studies, gender studies, film studies, literary theory, hermeneutics, historical materialism, internet studies, and sociopolitical critical theory. Entries clearly explain even the most complex of theoretical discourses, such as Marxism, psychoanalysis, structuralism, deconstruction, and postmodernism. There are biographies of important figures in the field, with feature entries for those who have heavily influenced areas of the discipline, e.g. Deleuze. Entries are fully cross-referenced and contain further reading where appropriate. To provide extra information this edition features an appendix of recommended web links, which are accessible via the Dictionary of Critical Theory companion website, where they are also checked regularly and kept up to date. Covering all aspects of the subject from globalization and race studies, to queer theory and feminism, this multidisciplinary A-Z is essential for students of literary and cultural studies and is useful for anyone studying a humanity subject requiring a knowledge of theory.
Against nature : the concept of nature in critical theory
Critical pedagogy primer
Action and action competence as key concepts in critical pedagogy
Discourses on liberation : an anatomy of critical theory
Many faces of antidiscrimination education. Antiracism, multiculturalism and the curriculum. A theoretical approach
The poetics of political thinking
Kantianism, postmodernism and critical legal thought
'The other side of the swap' : unsettling colonial narratives in Canadian history textbooks
Critical social work : an introduction to theories and practices
The meaning of crisis : a theoretical introduction
Gadamer : between Heidegger and Habermas
The Secular Scripture and other writings on critical theory, 1976-1991
The end of progress : decolonizing the normative foundations of critical theory
Herbert Marcuse : a critical reader
Critical theory : diverse objects, diverse subjects
Ideology in social science : readings in critical social theory
The Penguin dictionary of critical theory / David Macey
The Edinburgh companion to critical theory
Contemporary critical theorists : from Lacan to Said
Critical theory
Negations : essays in critical theory
Critical theory and public life
Critical theory today : a user-friendly guide
Habermas and aesthetics : the limits of communicative reason
Recovering ethical life : Jürgen Habermas and the future of critical theory
Research in critical theory since 1965 : a classified bibliography
Adorno's negative dialectic : philosophy and the possibility of critical rationality
Critical crosscurrents in education
Critical psychology : contributions to an historical science of the subject
The ethics of writing : Derrida, deconstruction and pedagogy
Reason after its eclipse : on late critical theory
A dictionary of critical theory
Psychoanalytic sociology
From text to action : Essays in hermeneutics. 2
Max Horkheimer : a new interpretation
Contested knowledge : a guide to critical theory
Rethinking social work : towards critical practice
Martin Jay tackles a question as old as Plato and still pressing today: what is reason, and what roles does and should it have in human endeavor? Applying the tools of intellectual history, he examines the overlapping, but not fully compatible, meanings that have accrued to the term “reason” over two millennia, homing in on moments of crisis, critique, and defense of reason. After surveying Western ideas of reason from the ancient Greeks through Kant, Hegel, and Marx, Jay engages at length with the ways leading theorists of the Frankfurt School—Horkheimer, Marcuse, Adorno, and most extensively Habermas—sought to salvage a viable concept of reason after its apparent eclipse. They despaired, in particular, over the decay in the modern world of reason into mere instrumental rationality. When reason becomes a technical tool of calculation separated from the values and norms central to daily life, then choices become grounded not in careful thought but in emotion and will—a mode of thinking embraced by fascist movements in the twentieth century. Is there a more robust idea of reason that can be defended as at once a philosophical concept, a ground of critique, and a norm for human emancipation? Jay explores at length the communicative rationality advocated by Habermas and considers the range of arguments, both pro and con, that have greeted his work.
Perspectives on Habermas
The spirit of Luc Boltanski : essays on the "pragmatic sociology of critique"
Redirections in critical theory : truth, self, action, history
Bertolt Brecht and critical theory : marxism, modernity and the Threepenny lawsuit
Ideology, discourse, and school reform
Justification and application : remarks on discourse ethics
Understanding growth and non-growth in entrepreneurial economies:analysis of startup industries and experimental winner generation in Finland, Israel and Silicon Valley
Understanding and using scientific evidence : how to critically evaluate data
The possibility/impossibility of a new critical language in education
Critical theory and society : a reader
Bringing social theory and philosophy to bear on popular movies, novels, myths, and fairy tales, The Gift and its Paradoxes explores the ambiguity of the gift: it is at once both a relation and a thing, alienable and inalienable, present and poison. Challenging the nature of giving as reciprocal, the book engages critically with the work of Mauss and develops a new theory of the gift according to which the gift cannot be reduced to a model of exchange, but must instead entail a loss or sacrifice. Ultimately, the gift is examined in the book as the impossible occurrence of gratuitous giving. In addition to exploring the conditions of possibility and impossibility of the gift, the book draws on the thought of figures such as Derrida, Serres, Simmel, Cixous, Irigaray and Heidegger to argue for the relevance of the phenomenon of the gift to broader issues in contemporary social sciences. It takes up questions concerning the constitution of community and the processes by which people are included in or excluded from it, gender relations, materiality, the economy, and the possibility that death itself could be a gift, in the form of euthanasia or self-sacrifice.A rigorous yet accessible examination of the phenomenon of the gift in relation to a range of contemporary concerns, The Gift and its Paradoxes will appeal to scholars and students within sociology, philosophy, anthropology, political theory and film and literature studies.
The Gift and its paradoxes : beyond Mauss
Critique and power : recasting the Foucault/Habermas debate
Critical theories in education : changing terrains of knowledge and politics
Social forms/human capacities : essays in authority and difference
The critical pedagogy reader
Critical theory of technology
