http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1675 soil
soil
Defoliation and plant-soil interactions in grasslands
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Forest soils and forest growth
Moisture equilibria and moisture changes in soils beneath covered areas : a symposium in print, convened by Soil Mechanics Section, Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization Australia
Soil mapping by color aerial photography
Studies of non-symbiotic nitrogen fixation and acetylene-reduction methodology in forest soils
Neutral lipid fatty acid analysis is a sensitive marker for quantitative estimation of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in agricultural soil with crops of different mycotrophy
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Introduction to the soil ecosystem
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
On the rehabilitation of soil properties in Sabô-forests
Twenty years of selenium fertilization, September 8-9, 2005, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Compressive behaviour of the soil in buffer zones under different management practices in Finland
Occurrence of unfrozen ground in Finland
Variation in soil organic carbon and thickness of soil horizons within a boreal forest stand - effect of trees and implications for sampling
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Effect of biocides on biological and chemical factors of soil fertility
The Russian school of soil cartography and its influence on the soil cartography of the world
Sensitivity of soil decomposer communities to habitat fragmentation : an experimental approach
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Micromorphological features of soil geography
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 1, Native and previously applied P at 24 experimental sites
pH of streams in western Finland : a perspective from the Middle Ages into the mid 21st century
Formation of a cultivated Spodosol in East-Central Finland
The soil as a reactor : modelling processes in the soil
Project f.p.27 : studies on mycorrhiza allied to project f.p.16 : studies in soil nutrition working plan
Ecotoxicity assessment of biodegradable plastics and sewage sludge in compost and in soil
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 1, Yield responses on clay and loam soils in relation to soil test P values
Geography and soil properties
Soil survey of Polk County, Oregon
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Smith's elements of soil mechanics
Paleopedology : origin, nature and dating of paleosols : papers of the Symposium on the Age of Parent Materials and Soils, Amsterdam, Netherlands, August 10-15, 1970
An introduction to the scientific study of the soil
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
'Scale and variability issues in the soil-hydrological system' : workshop proceedings : the 25-27th of August 1999 at Wiks Castle, Sweden
Nutrient and light availability to white spruce seedlings in partial and clearcut harvested aspen stands
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Root colonization with arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi and glomalin-related soil protein (GRSP) concentration in hypoxic soils in natural CO2 springs
In-situ soil and groundwater bioremediation techniques and applications
Plant, soil and environment
Plantago lanceolata growth and Cr uptake after mycorrhizal inoculation in a Cr amended substrate
The use of halloysite for nutrient and moisture retention in soils
Soil groups and subgroups of South Africa
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Soil organic matter : its nature, its role in soil formation and in soil fertility
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Soil erosion modeling using GIS and RUSLE on the Eurajoki watershed , Finland
The soil quality concept and its importance in the study of Finnish arable soils
Amount and chemical composition of the litter from larch, beech, Norway spruce and Scots pine stands and its effect on the soil
Research on humus of peat, compost and forest soil at the department of chemistry, university of Joensuu 1976-1986
Soil, food and health in a changing world
Solute movement in the soil-root system
Make the soil productive
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi from two chromium contaminated sites, one with 275 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr (zone A) and the other with 550 mg kg⁻¹ Cr (zone B), were multiplied and tentatively identified. The effect of both fungal consortia on Plantago lanceolata plant growth in a substrate amended with 200 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr and with 400 mg kg⁻¹ Cr was assessed and compared with the growth of plants inoculated with Glomus intraradices BEG72. Only the plants inoculated with G. intraradices BEG72 and with the fungal consortia obtained from the area with a high Cr contamination (zone B) grew in the soil with 400 mg kg⁻¹ of Cr. The consortia of fungi from zone B, decreased the plant's uptake/translocation of the heavy metal compared with G. intraradices BEG72. These results underscore the differential effect of AM fungi in conferring bioprotection in Cr contaminated soils.
Soil chemistry. A, Basic elements
World soils
Bulk density of forested mineral soils
Changed ratios of soil gases that lead to hypoxia are most often present in waterlogged soils, but can also appear in soils not saturated with water. In natural CO₂ springs (mofettes), gases in soil air differ from those in typical soils. In this study, plant roots from the mofette area Stavešinci (Slovenia) were sampled in a spatial scale and investigated for AM fungal colonization. AM fungi were found in roots from areas with high geological CO₂ concentration, however mycorrhizal intensity was relatively low and no correlation between AM fungal colonization and soil pattern of CO₂/O₂ concentrations (up to 37% CO₂) was found. The relatively high abundance of arbuscules in root cortex indicated existence of functional symbiosis at much higher CO₂ concentrations than normally found in soils. In addition, concentration of two different glomalin-related soil protein fractions - EE-GRSP and TG-GRSP - was measured. No significant correlation between any of the fractions and soil gases was found, however the concentration of both fractions was significantly higher in the upper 0-5 cm, compared to the 5-10 cm layer of the soil.
Untersuchungen über den Einfluss von Eucalyptusbeständen auf den Boden : research on the relationship between eucalyptus stands and the soil : recherches concernant les rapports entre les peuplements d'eucalyptus et le sol
The role of terpenes in carbon and nitrogen cycling in boreal forest soils
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
Geostatistical prediction of clay percentage based on soil survey data
Some effects of slash-burning and clear-cut logging on soil properties and initial tree growth
Big Hugh : The father of soil conservation
Soil-plant relationships : an ecological approach
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
The system of soil classification for Canada
Excursion guide : fourth International Conference on Ground Penetrating Radar, June 10, 1992
Interpretations of the gravity anomaly map of Finland
The science of soils and manures
Environment, vegetation and greenness (NDVI) along the North America and Eurasia Arctic transects : focus on dynamics of arctic and sub-arctic vegetation
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
Archaea in the mycorrhizosphere of boreal forest trees
Earthworm responses to metal contamination : tools for soil quality assessment
Nursery and field response of sissoo plants (Dalbergia sissoo) to Rhizobium inoculation
Physical and geotechnical properties of soils
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Bibliography of soil taxonomy 1960-1979
Responses of silver birch saplings to low soil temperature
Aluminium chemistry in ploughed podzolic forest soils
Soil biology & biochemistry
Soils in an agricultural landscape of Jokioinen, south-western Finland
Soil biochemistry. Vol. 2
The impact of host mycotrophy on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungal (AMF) markers was studied in a temperate agricultural soil cropped with mycorrhizal barley, flax, reed canary-grass, timothy, caraway and quinoa and non-mycorrhizal buckwheat, dyer's woad, nettle and false flax. The percentage of AMF root colonization, the numbers of infective propagules by the Most Probable Number (MPN) method, and the amounts of signature Phospholipid Fatty Acid (PLFA) 16:1ω5 and Neutral Lipid Fatty Acid (NLFA) 16:1ω5 were measured as AMF markers.  Crop had a significant impact on MPN levels of AMF, on NLFA 16:1ω5 levels in bulk and rhizosphere soil and on PLFA 16:1ω5 levels in rhizosphere soil. Reed canary-grass induced the highest levels of AMF markers. Mycorrhizal markers were at low levels in all non-mycorrhizal crops. NLFA 16:1ω5 and the ratio of NLFA to PLFA 16:1ω5 from bulk soil are adequate methods as indicators of AMF biomass in soil.
Holocene diatomites in central Finland, with special reference to Aulacoseira (Melosira) species
Influence of colonization by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi on three strawberry cultivars under salty conditions
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
Concentration levels and spatial distribution of sulphur and metals in fine-grained sediments in western Finland
Approach to data collection for soil carbon modelling in Benin
Wood ants (Formica rufa group) in managed boreal forests: implications for soil properties and tree growth
Earth in the environment
From carbon source to sink : managing agriculture for climate change mitigation and food production in Ethiopia
Bioremediation of Contaminated Soil Containing Crude Oil
Water and its relation to soils and crops
Contaminated Soil '93 : Fourth International KfK/TNO Conference on Contaminated Soil, 3-7 May 1993, Berlin, Germany. Volume I
Reactivity of silicate liming materials from Northern Europe assessed by Soil Incubation and two pH Stat methods
The geography of soils : formation, distribution, and management
Ecological classification of forest lands : an integrated vegetation-soil-landform approach
Arsenic and heavy metal concentrations in agricultural soils in South Savo province
Hydrogen soil deposition and atmospheric variations in the boreal zone
Phosphorus acquisition by barley (Hordeum vulgare L.) at suboptimal soil temperature
Phosphorus retention in forest soils and the functioning of buffer zones used in forestry
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Novel applications related to bisphosphorus compounds
Monitoring of Finnish arable land : changes in soil quality between 1987 and 1998.
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Modifying the root environment to reduce crop stress
User guide for PRELES : a simple model for the assessment of gross primary production and water balance of forests
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Environmental Services provided by the Nordic-Baltic Forests : extended abstracts of the CAR-ES network meeting in Finland 20.-22.10.2014
Fourth International Conference on Ground Penetrating Radar, June 8-13, 1992, Rovaniemi, Finland
Soil CO2 efflux in boreal pine forests in the current climate and under CO2 enrichment and air warming
Soil physical chemistry
Short-term responses of decomposers and vegetation to stump removal
Factors of soil formation : a system of quantitative pedology
Soil survey of Marion County Area, Oregon
Soil and decomposer responses to grazing exclusion are weak in mountain snow-beds
Soil investigations in Maphutseng Valley, SW Lesetho for location of agricultural experiment plots : a pilot study for the FISC Project : a minor field study
Assessment of aquatic pollution, remedial measures and juridical obligations of an acid sulphate soil area in western Finland
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
Environmental biotechnology : concepts and applications
Soils : an introduction to soils and plant growth
Soil erosion by water : some measures for its control on cultivated lands
Soil acidification : extent, causes and consequences : an evaluation of literature information and current research
Models in country scale carbon accounting of forest soils
Soil and plant analysis for tree culture
Soil survey of Benton County Area, Oregon
Temperature sensitivity of soil organic matter decomposition in boreal soils
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Nitrogen and phosphorus losses from a feedlot for suckler cows
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Response of P, K, Mg and NO3-N contents of carrots to irrigation, soil compaction, and nitrogen fertilisation
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
An introduction to soil science
Contaminated land: investigation, assessment and remeditation : ICE design and practice guide
Effect of soil-spraying time on root-colonization ability of antagonistic Streptomyces griseoviridis
Fate of phosphorus in soil during a long term fertilization experiment in southern Finland
Two ex situ fungal technologies to treat contaminated soil
Functional biodiversity in soils : development and applicability of an enzyme activity pattern measurement method
Measured and simulated effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and runoff hydrochemistry in areas of boreal acid sulphate soils
Cropping system impact on soil quality determinants
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Losing the earth : land abuse and soil erosion
Factors favouring or hindering the market entry of Finnish environmental firms in India
Factors affecting snowmelt and streamflow : a report on the 1946-53 cooperative snow investigations at the Fraser experimental forest, Fraser, Colo[rado]
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Effects of sophisticated drainage techniques on groundwater level and drainage water quality on acid sulphate soils : final report of the HAPSU project
Soil chemistry
Modelling mean above and below ground litter production based on yield tables
Properties of top soil and the relationship between soil and trees in a boreal Scots pine stand
Plant adaptation to hyperosmotic environments is generally associated with reduced growth and ultimately yield loss, making farming difficult. The potential of mycorrhizal symbioses to alleviate salt stress has been documented and benefits to plant revealed to be specific and dependent to both plant cultivars and fungal strains.  A factorial greenhouse experiment was performed to determine the effects of three arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) species (Funneliformis caledonius, F. mosseae and Rhizophagus irregularis) on three "day-neutral" strawberry (Fragaria × ananassa Duch.) cultivars ("Albion", "Charlotte" and "Seascape"), and a mixture of R. irregularis and F. mosseae on "Seascape", under four salt conditions (0-200 mM NaCl).  The overall results showed that plant biomass decreased with increasing salinity.  The cultivars responded differently to both AMF and salinity, and "Seascape" was more tolerant to salinity than the other cultivars.  AMF enhanced plant growth and improved salt tolerance by increasing the proportion of medium (0.5<ɸ≤1.5 mm) and coarse (ɸ>1.5 mm) diameter roots. The mixture of two AMF species increased root and shoot mass to a higher degree than each species alone at low salinity (0-50 mM) but reduced fruit quality.  At higher levels (100-200 mM), R. irregularis alleviated salt stress and improved fruit quality to a higher degree than the other AMF species.  Our results support the use of bio-inoculants in saline horticultural areas.  Because cultivars respond differently to fungal inoculants, and inoculants prefer specific environmental conditions, fungal inoculants need to be screened on a cultivar- and condition-specific basis.
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Micronutrients and the nutrient status of soils : a global study
Below-ground processes in meadow soil under elevated ozone and carbon dioxide : greenhouse gas fluxes, N cycling and microbial communities
Summary.
Soil moisture : proceedings of Hydrology Symposium No 6 [held at University of Saskatchewan on 15 & 16 November 1967]
Plant-soil interactions in cold climate
We studied the effects of soil temperature (8°C and 15°C) on barley growth, barley phosphorus (P) uptake and soil P solubility. Barley was grown in a pot experiment in two soils with different P fertilization histories for 22 years. The availability of P was estimated by using 33P-labeled fertilizer and calculating L-values. After cultivation for 22 years at ambient soil temperature without P fertilization (-P), soil L-value had decreased compared to soil that received annual P fertilization (P+). Low soil temperature further reduced the L-values, more in the -P soil than in the +P soil. Our results demonstrated that P fertilization can only partially ameliorate poor growth at low soil temperatures. Thus, applying ample fertilization to compensate for poor growth at low soil temperatures would increase the P content and solubility in the soil, but plant uptake would remain inhibited by cold.
Effects of birch tar oils on soil organisms and plants
Soil responses to climate change
Seed loss and volunteer seedling establishment of rapeseed in the northernmost European conditions: potential for weed infestation and GM risks
Elsevier's dictionary of soil science : in English(with definitions), French, German and Spanish
Resumen (Abstract in Spanish)
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Compendium of soil clean-up technologies and soil remediation companies
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
CAR-ES (Centre of Advanced Research on Environmental Services from Nordic Forest Ecosystems, 2011-2015) is an open network that brings together Nordic and Baltic forest researchers. The CAR-ES network aims at providing scientific knowledge on the impacts of forest management on major environmental services for decision making within the forest sector. The main environmental services addressed are: Carbon sequestration, Water quality, Biodiversity, Soil quality. CAR-ES organizes meetings, workshops and conferences and the second meeting in 2014 was held in Finland, at the premises of Metla Vantaa Unit. The meeting discussed the issues related to the main environmental services covered by CAR-ES, work on the ongoing subprojects and plannned the final conference as well as the future of the network. The workshop was attended by 30 scientists representing the Baltic and Nordic countries. The extended abstracts of the presentations are published in this paper. CAR-ES is funded by the Nordic Forest Research (SNS) as one of its Virtual Centres of Advanced Research.
Soil science simplified : fourth edition
Productive capacity of locality as a function of soil and climate with particular reference to forest land
Spatial relationships among boreal riparian trees, litterfall and soil erosion potential with reference to buffer strip management and coldwater fisheries
Phosphorus status of diverse soils in Finland as influenced by long-term P fertilisation. 2, Changes of soil test values in relation to P balance with references to incorporation depth of residual and freshy applied P
Ecology of soils
Extractability of slurry and fertilizer phosphorus in soil after repeated freezing
Oospores of Phytophthora infestans in soil provide an important new source of primary inoculum in Finland
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
Particle-size analysis of soil = Maan raekoostumuksen määrittäminen
Climate change may impose stimulations or constraints on the mycorrhizal symbiosis by increasing and fluctuating temperatures. We conducted a study to compare the soil temperature response curves (6, 12, 18, and 24 °C) of three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different regions and climates (Finland, Denmark, Spain), to test if the isolates from cold environments were able to grow better at lower temperatures and the isolates from warmer environments grew better at higher temperatures. The results provided clear evidence suggesting no adaptation to soil temperature in these AMF isolates. All isolates showed reduced development and very little external mycelium growth at 6 and 12 °C, and similar increased development with increasing soil temperature.  These results suggest that AMF have a narrow window to develop in cold regions where temperatures below 15 °C prevail.
The soils of southern Siberia (from the Urals to the Baikal)
Diffuse pollution : an introduction to the problems and solutions
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Utilisation of high temperature water in the purification of water and soil
An introduction to the mechanics of soils and foundations : through critical state soil mechanics
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
The aim of organic agriculture is to produce food of high nutritional quality in sufficient quantity. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate the effect of organic and conventional growing systems on (i) total amounts and supply of N taken up or applied to plants during a five year crop cycle period and (ii) crops total dry matter (DM) yield obtained during same period. The total DM yields from the organic treatments were 25-33% smaller than from the conventional treatments. The ratio of N output/N input was significantly the smallest in the organic treatment with cattle manure, where only 37% of all supplied N was used by plants during the crop cycle period. The organic fertiliser with faster mineralisation rate and splitting the application of organic N during crop cycle period would be more appropriate to supply sufficient quantities of N during rapid plant growth and to obtain higher crop yields in organic farming systems.
A simple device for sampling of volumetric forest soil cores
Nutritional status in commercial currant fields
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
Physical edaphology : the physics of irrigated and nonirrigated soils
Essays on socially optimal phosphorus policies in crop production
Essential soil science : a clear and concise introduction to soil science
Methane oxidation in landfill cover soils
Soil erosion research methods
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Soils of the Netherlands
Boreal and subarctic soils under climatic change
Selenium fertilization : plant uptake and residuals in soil
A comparison of nitrogen and carbon reserves in acid sulphate and non acid sulphate soils in western Finland
Phosphorus in Finnish soils in the 1900s with particular reference to the acid ammonium acetate soil test
Fundamentals of soil science
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Crop yields and supply of nitrogen compared in conventional and organic farming systems
Management of vertisols in Sub-Saharan Africa : proceedings of a conference held at ILCA, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia 31 August - 4 September 1987
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
Reports and dissertations
Forest manuring on mineral soils
Classification and diagnostics of soils of the USSR
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Stencil
Bi-annual report 1995-1996
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
Rapeseed soil seed bank development and volunteer plant establishment represent substantial risk for crop infestation and GM contamination. This study was designed to complement such investigations with novel understanding from high latitude conditions. Four experiments were designed to characterise seed loss at harvest, persistence, viability and capacity for volunteer seedling establishment, as well as impact of management measures on soil seed bank dynamics. Oilseed rape was the primary crop investigated due to the availability of GM cultivars and because of the increasing importance. Harvest losses and soil seed bank development were significant. Volunteer seedlings emerged at reasonably high rates, especially in the first autumn after harvest, but about 10% of buried seeds maintained their viability for at least three years. Soil incorporation methods had no major effect on numbers of volunteer seedlings, but herbicide treatments controlled volunteer seedlings efficiently, though not completely, due to irregular timing of seedling emergence.
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Role of substrate on the dendroclimatic response of Scots pine from varying elevations in northern Scotland
Applications of soils information in forestry : a compilation of the papers presented at the Joint Winter Meeting, New York Section, Society of American Foresters... Syracuse, New York, January 23-24, 1964.
The soil resource : origin and behavior
Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish)
Principles of soil and plant water relations
The role of sorption in the ecological risk assessment of xenobiotics
Acid soil and acid rain : the impact on the environment of nitrogen and sulphur cycling
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Temperature stress in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi : a test for adaptation to soil temperature in three isolates of Funneliformis mosseae from different climates
Soil water-retention characteristics and fertility of afforested arable land
Soils of the world
