http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16705 early intervention
early intervention
A brief intervention for risky drinking : analysis of videotaped consultations in primary health care
Children's oral health promotion programme in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Resource-enhancing nursing at home for families with small children : evaluation of early interventions
Short behavioral consultation in day care: the effects on day care personnel's self evaluated competence, behavior of children with ADHD-symptoms and intervention acceptability
Cardiovascular risk factors in mild obstructive sleep apnea? : the outcome of lifestyle intervention with weight reduction
Network-based practices in the prevention of social exclusion among schoolchildren in St. Petersburg
Early intervention as an employment policy method : the objective: a good work career = Varhainen puuttuminen työllisyyspolitiikan menetelmänä : tavoitteena hyvä työura
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
The risk of school rampage : assessing and preventing threats of school violence
Learning about learning disabilities
Hearing and deafness : an introduction for health and education professionals
The better beginnings, better futures project : findings from grade 3 to grade 9
Abstract (s. 7-8)
Abstract: Nurses perceptions about early intervention in domestic violence: an interview study.
Evidence-based practices and programs for early childhood care and education
Truancy prevention and intervention : a practical guide
Stepwise, tailored implementation of brief alcohol intervention for risky drinkers in health care
Best practice occupational therapy for children and families in community settings
The family school : the impact of a group training programme on overactive hard-to-manage preschool children and their parents
Working with parents and infants : a mind-body integration approach
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Special needs and early years : a practitioner's guide
The psychology of group aggression
The explosive child : a new approach for understanding and parenting easily frustrated, chrinically inflexible children
Prevention and youth crime : is early intervention working?
Effective social work with children, young people and families : putting systems theory into practice
Early intervention : supporting and strengthening families
Implementing brief alcohol intervention in primary and occupational health care
Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project
First steps in intervention with your child with autism : frameworks for communication
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
Insomnia : psychological mechanisms and early intervention : A cognitive-behavioral perspective
Assessing and treating three to twelve-years-olds displaying disruptive behaviour problems
Social and emotional prevention and intervention programming for preschoolers
Newborn event-related potentials predict poorer pre-reading skills in children at risk for dyslexia
Education of students with an intellectual disability : research and practice
Prevalence and brief intervention of heavy drinkers in primary health care : Lahti project study
Promoting evidence-based practice in early childhood education : research and its implications
This book looks at the changing context of children and young people's services heralded by the structural, organisational and funding changes put forward in Eileen Munro's Review of Child Protection. It is strongly grounded in research and theory, and gives specific consideration to how systems theory can help practitioners in understanding families. It highlights the need for every social work practitioner to develop the capacity to undertake unified assessments and interventions in a wide variety of settings with individuals, families, and groups where there are child protection and safeguarding concerns. With case studies, interactive activities, summaries and guidance throughout, this book will be essential reading for all social work students and qualified social work practitioners, as well as all those involved in the field of child protection.
Teachers Experiences Of Early Intervention In Vocational Education
Handbook of early literacy research
DEC recommended practices : program assessment : improving practices for young children with special needs and their families
Cognitive, language, and social-emotional development among infants and toddlers in early head start : an eximination of the impact of cumulative risk
Early intervention for reading difficulties : the interactive strategies approach
Roadmap for the prevention of maltreatment of persons with intellectual and/or multiple disabilities : evaluating and diagnosis = Roteiro para a prevenção de maus-tratos a pessoas com deficiência intelectual e/ou multideficiência : avaliação e diagnóstico
Generation bullied 2.0 : prevention and intervention strategies for our most vulnerable students
Abstract: Critical reflection on the evaluation plan of the VARPUNEN project.
Time out! Getting life back on track : a psychosocial support programme targeted at young men exempted from compulsory military or civil service
Crisis help at home : Families First project report 2002-2005
Making RTI work : how smart schools are reforming education through schoolwide response-to-intervention
Brief intervention : a multifaceted milestone in public health
Challenging behaviors in early childhood settings : creating a place for all children
Early intervention with multi-risk families : an integrative approach
Art as an early intervention tool for children with autism
The promise of response to intervention : evaluating current science and practice
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium.
Child maltreatment and high risk families
Abstract: Racist identity within youth groups : a case study in the city of Joensuu at the turn of the millenium
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
