http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16790 sociology of knowledge
sociology of knowledge
Social theory and social structure
Science and its fabrication
Rational ritual : culture, coordination, and common knowledge
Evolutionary epistemology, language and culture : a non-adaptationist, systems theoretical approach
Dialectical sociology : an analysis of the sociology of Georges Gurvitch
The alienated mind : the sociology of knowledge in Germany, 1918-1933
Essays on the sociology of culture
Challenging situatedness : gender, culture and the production of knowledge
Understanding everyday life : toward the reconstruction of sociological knowledge
Rethinking expertise
Tribal epistemologies : essays in the philosophy of anthropology
Sociology of scientific kowledge : a source book
The sociology of knowledge : toward a deeper understanding of the history of ideas
The alienated mind : the sociology of knowledge in Germany 1918-33
Herbert Spencer : the evolution of a sociologist
Science, faith and society
The sociological movement in law
Handbook of science and technology studies
Knowledge policy : challenges for the 21st Century
Structures of thinking
Learning from words : testimony as a source of knowledge
Scientific practice and epistemological a priori : Durkheim, Mauss, Lévi-Strauss, Bourdieu
Liaisons : philosophy meets the cognitive and social sciences
Science and the boundaries of knowledge : the prologue of our cultural past : final report
Knowledge, technology and policy
How traditions live and die
Mannheim and Hungarian marxism
Karl Mannheim : the development of his thought : philosophy, sociology and social ethics, with a detailed biography
The art of self-persuasion : the social explanation of false beliefs
The sociology of the sciences. Vol. 1
Knowledge
The sociology of the sciences. Vol. 2
The social construction of reality : a treatise in the sociology of knowledge
The Dutch trading companies as knowledge networks
The word and the world : theology after the sociology of knowledge
Knowledge, social institutions and the division of labour
The poverty of postmodernism
The reflexive thesis : wrighting sociology of scientific knowledge
Knowledge in a critical mode : feminist expertise in design and planning
The social psychology of knowledge
"Common Sense and Ethics Dialogue has become a central theoretical concept in human and social sciences as well as in professions such as education, health, and psychotherapy. This 'dialogical turn' emphasizes the importance of social relations and interaction to our behaviour and how we make sense of the world; hence the Dialogical Mind is the mind in interaction with others - with individuals, groups, institutions, and cultures in historical perspectives. Through a combination of rigorous theoretical work and empirical investigation, Markova presents an ethics of dialogicality as an alternative to the narrow perspective of individualism and cognitivism that has traditionally dominated the field of social psychology"--
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Praxis and politics : knowledge production in social movements
Up close and personal : on peripheral perspectives and the production of anthropological knowledge
Oxford studies in epistemology. Volume 3
Knowledge societies
Reading Ireland : print, reading and social change in early modern Ireland
Religion and advanced industrial society
Roll over Beethoven : the return of cultural strife
Everyday understanding : social and scientific implications
Interests and the growth of knowledge
Towards the sociology of truth
How do you know? : the economics of ordinary knowledge
The epistemology of resistance : gender and racial oppression, epistemic injustice, and resistant imaginations
Guardian of dialogue : Max Schelerś phenomenology, sociology of knowledge, and philosophy of love
Ways of knowing in early modern Germany : Johannes Praetorius as a witness to his time
The sociology of knowledge : its structure and its relation to the philosophy of knowledge : a critical analysis of the systems of Karl Mannheim and Pitirim A. Sorokin
Knowledge, society and reality : problems of the social analysis of knowledge and of scientific realism
Recasting anthropological knowledge : inspiration and social science
Science as practice and culture
Critical theory and the sociology of knowledge : a comparative study in the theory of ideology
Ignorance and surprise : science, society, and ecological design
Knowledge and policy
Social interaction and the development of knowledge
Émile Durkheim : critical assessments. Vol. 4
The prism of sex : essays in the sociology of knowledge
Knowledge and social structure : an introduction to the classical argument in the sociology of knowledge
Montesquieu : pioneer of the sociology of knowledge
Conservatism : a contribution to the sociology of knowledge
Betweener talk : decolonizing knowledge production, pedagogy, and praxis
Science as collective knowledge
Knowledge as culture : the new sociology of knowledge
Literate experience : the work of knowing in seventeenth-century English writing
Social reconstruction of the feminine character
Lay epistemics and human knowledge : cognitive and motivational bases
Karl Mannheim and the contemporary sociology of knowledge
Essays on the sociology of knowledge
Hermeneutics and the sociology of knowledge
The sociology of knowledge : an essay in aid of a deeper understanding of the history of ideas
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Seeing and knowing : women and learning in medieval Europe 1200-1550
The sociology of knowledge
Knowledge region : Alps-Adriatic challenges. Vol. 1, General perspective
Social epistemology : a journal of knowledge, culture and policy
The psychology of the social
Mind in action
Knowledges : historical and critical studies in disciplinarity
Duncan Liddel (1561-1613) : networks of polymathy and the Northern European Renaissance
The knowledge society : the growing impact of scientific knowledge on social relations
The homeless mind : modernization and consciousness
The social compulsions of ideas : toward a sociological analysis of knowledge
Karl Mannheim and the crisis of liberalism : the secret of these new times
The university of disaster
The micropolitics of knowledge : communication and indirect control in workgroups
Ideology and utopia : an introduction to the sociology of knowledge
Nationalism, social theory and Durkheim
Power, action and belief
On the sociology of knowledge : an essay
Artificial intelligence and language : old questions in a new key
Argumentation and the social grounds of knowledge
The organisation of knowledge in Victorian Britain
Artificial intelligence and the sociology of knowledge : prolegomena to an integrated philosophy of science
Knowing and learning as creative action : a reexamination of the epistemological foundations of education
Knowledge matters : the public mission of the research university
Naked science : anthropological inquiry into boundaries, power, and knowledge
Artificial experts : social knowledge and intelligent machines
The development dictionary : a guide to knowledge as power
Shifting to "big picture" design? : discursive explorations of emerging conceptions of design orientated towards social complexity
Science and the sociology of knowledge
Knowledge and critical pedagogy : an introduction
Knowledge and postmodernism in historical perspective
Ideology and utopia
Intellectual trust in oneself and others
This collective volume in the history of early-modern science and medicine investigates the transfer of knowledge between Germany and Scotland focusing on the Scottish mathematician and physician Duncan Liddel of Aberdeen. It offers a contextualized study of his life and work in the cultural and institutional frame of the northern European Renaissance, as well as a reconstruction of his scholarly networks and of the scientific debates in the time of post-Copernican astronomy, Melanchthonian humanism and Paracelsian controversies.
Experts in the age of systems
Sociology of knowledge : theoretical problems
The social role of the man of knowledge
The dialogical mind : common sense and ethics
Social representation and the social bases of knowledge
Essays III : on sociology and the humanities
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Toward transformation in social knowledge
Transdisciplinarity : recreating integrated knowledge
The culture and power of knowledge : inquiries into contemporary societies
Road to suspicion : a study of modern mentality and the sociology of knowledge
Structure and subject interaction : toward a sociology of knowledge in the social sciences
Sociology of knowledge and education
Modernization and its discontents : a perspective from the sociology of knowledge
The changing context of information : an introductory analysis
Knowledge society, information society and adult education : trends, issues, challenges
The sociology of belief : fallacy and foundation
Knowledge and politics : the sociology of knowledge dispute
Research in science and technology studies : knowledge systems
The twelwe tables
