http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16704 environmental subsidy
environmental subsidy
The Finnish concessional loans as business opportunities for Lemminkäinen Construction Ltd in the environmental sector in Vietnam
The environmental dimension of multifunctionality : economic analysis and implications for policy design
Public subsidies and policy failures : how subsidies distort the natural environment, equity and trade, and how to reform them
In educational political discussions diversity is approached as a challenge connected to cognitive,  linguistic, cultural, ethnic or sex questions. The greatest obstacles of inclusion are connected to  attitudes towards diversity. Vocational education in Finland is striving to create learning environments,  schools, educational organizations, work life and possibilities to include mixed ability students  according to inclusive ideology. Implementing those principles is supported by commitment, new  pedagogical solutions, curricula, learning environments, flexible and individual learning paths and  teachers' professional competencies. The aim is to make special needs students study together with  fellow students in an environment suitable to learning and studying, despite different starting points.  The number of special needs students has increased in vocational institutes. All teachers should have  special pedagogical preparedness in teacher education.  The research questions were:  1. What kind of experiences do teachers have for teaching/ guiding special needs students in an  inclusive learning environment at vocational secondary level?  2. What kind of competences do teachers think they are expected to have in teaching/ guiding special  needs students at vocational secondary level?  3. What kind of experiences do vocational teachers have to support special needs students in practice?  The research material consisted of semi-structured thematic interviews of seven (N=7) vocational  teachers in 2015 – 2016 from five various fields of science, with professional experience ranging from  5 to 28 years. The interviews were transcribed word for word.  The analyzing method was qualitative contents analysis. Attention was paid to similarities and  differences of opinions. Efforts were made to create a global and clear picture of the phenomenon to  be studied. Thus this research aims at the interpretation of individual experiences.  The research outcomes show that vocational teachers experience daily activities positively in inclusive  learning environments. Efforts of education organizers are praised for special pedagogical solutions,  various forms of support and guidance. The significance of a teacher's personal attitude to students'  progress is also clearly observable. Although the work is challenging and requires giving up traditional  teacher roles, experiences of success are rewarding and encouraging. Teachers feel that when a worry  appears, the matters must be grabbed immediately.
Pledges to reform environmentally harmful subsidies (EHS) have increased over the past few years, at both global and national levels. Paying the Polluter addresses the most important issues to be considered when embarking upon these necessary reforms. In this unique work, leading experts explore the definition of EHS, how they can be identified and measured and assess their impacts and the potential benefits of reform. Barriers and opportunities for EHS reform are elaborated with examples of successes and failures. A practical subsidy reform tool is also presented, giving guidance to help develop transparent inventories of subsidies and road maps for future development. Demonstrating how subsidy reform may contribute to a better environment, support fiscal reform and address social and economic objectives, this authoritative book will appeal to policy makers and their advisors all over the world. It will also be a useful sourcebook for academics interested in concrete applications of environmental economics. Finally it should prove a rich and informative read for anyone looking for facts and arguments supporting green budget reforms.
Finance for sustainable development : the road ahead : proceedings of the Fourth Group Meeting on Financial Issues of Agenda 21, Santiago, Chile, 1997
Greening the budget : budgetary policies for environmental improvement
'The financial means embedded in subsidies for unsustainable systems of production and consumption are increasingly well studied and reported. This has led to policy recommendations (e.g. OECD, EU) on how to reform subsidy systems in support of the necessary transitions to a low carbon and ecosystem resilient society based on a strong resource efficient economy. The authors in this book contribute to the debate based on recent, high quality and policy relevant research. It is a timely contribution to a pressing financial issue in environmental policy.'--Hans Bruyninckx , Executive Director of the European Environment Agency. 'Recently the IPCC finished their 5th Assessment report and we see that while emissions continue unabated - and in some areas even increase, relatively little is done in terms of policy making. Instead of sound policies to deal with climate issues, we are still faced with perverse incentives that promote fossil fuels. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. This book sets itself a very important agenda of trying to find a workable path towards abolishing such subsidies. This is vital reading for all policy makers.'--Thomas Sterner, Visiting Chief Economist, Environmental Defense Fund Professor of environmental economics, University of Gothenburg. 'EU countries increasingly receive recommendations through the European Semester and OECD Environmental Performance Reviews to assess and progressively phase out environmentally harmful subsidies. It is not only a matter of avoiding damage to the environment, it is also a question of transparency, equity, and of eliminating unjustified privileges. Subsidy reform can help reduce public deficits, restore fair market conditions and eliminate distortions in competition. This book is a precious tool for Governments and experts.'--Aldo Ravazzi Douvan, Italian Ministry of Environment, Professor of Sustainable Development at University Roma Luiss. 'Tax spending and public subsidies harmful to the environment have attracted high level attention at the Rio and Johannesburg Sustainable Development Conferences, in the context of the Kyoto Protocol and of the Convention on Biological Diversity, in OECD and EU recommendations, and are now firmly on the public agenda. They are often also poorly designed, do not reach their goals, are costly, not transparent and can be inefficient. With the present public budget crises in many countries, rarely has the timing been more favorable to lower such harmful support. The book is thus timely and shows through concrete examples that the reform of harmful public subsidies is possible.'--Guillaume Sainteny, Associate Professor, Ecole Polytechnique, Paris, France. 'In the policy world, there are few opportunities for reforms that can simultaneously benefit the economy, society and the environment. Phasing-out environmentally harmful subsidies is one. It can reduce the burden on government budgets, free up funds for more worthy causes, and reduce perverse incentives to pollute the environment and over-use scarce natural resources. However, subsidy reforms have been notoriously difficult to implement, despite the efforts of organisations like the OECD, IEA, GSI, World Bank and IMF. Reform is hampered by the limited information available on subsidies, their impacts, and who actually benefits from them. This book brings to light the latest information and analysis on environmentally harmful subsidies and reform efforts, pulled together by some of the leading experts on this issue. It is essential reading for any policy maker wanting to ensure a smooth and successful reform of environmentally harmful subsidies.'--Helen Mountford, Deputy Director, OECD Environment Directorate.
Suomalaisia asuntoryhmiä : valtion lainoittamaa asuntotuotantoa vuosilta 1984-1990 = Residential environments in Finland : state subsidized housing production from 1984-1990
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children's perceptions of their ability
Modern military matters : studying and managing the twentieth-century defence heritage in Britain : a discussion document
The environmental impact of economic incentives for agricultural production : a comparative law study
The agri-environmental aid of the EU and its application in Finland
Enhancing farmland biodiversity throug environmental fallows : effects of fllow type and landscape
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2004
Improving disabled students' learning in higher education : experiences and outcomes
Information system for facility management (ISFM)
Practical Business Establishment in Finland : Case: Vietasia private trader
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2011
Microwave dosimetry in biological exposure studies and in practical safety evaluations
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2012
Environmental impact of the former military base in the Pakri Peninsula, Estonia
Renewable energy and climate policies : studies in the forest and energy sector
Product and capital market reforms in Finland
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Making education inclusive
Ecodesign in the EU : four projects focusing on information technology, education and product design
Environment and human life in Nordic countries : proceedings of a symposium of the IGU Study Group on Development in Highlands and High-latitude Zones held in Oulu and Lapland, 1-6 June, 1987
Aging in context : socio-physical environments
International law
European Union : financial instruments for the environment : November 1996
Public art by the book
Software development : an open source approach
Wooded meadows of Estonia : conservation efforts for a traditional habitat
Evaluation of the Finnish national innovation system : full report
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2006
The business environment of Europe : firms, governments, and institutions
Management of semi-natural grasslands for butterfly and moth communities
EU state aid regulation & incentives for forest biodiversity conservation : study of the constraints
Vocational Teacher's Competence in Inclusive Learning Environment
Environmental protection and the European Convention on Human Rights
Agricultural policies in Europe and the USA : farmers between subsidies and the market
Paying the polluter : environmentally harmful subsidies and their reform
Subsidies and their environmental impact : [suggested framework and some examples from Denmark, Norway and Sweden]
Profile of tax subsidies and investment behavior in six major polluting industries
ADORE - teaching struggling adolescent readers in European countries : key elements of good practice
Cosmopolitanism in context : perspectives from international law and political theory
Teaching matters : how to keep your passion and thrive in today's classroom
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2005 : ten years in the European Union
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Death in a strange country
Maintaining plant species richness by cattle grazing : mesic semi-natural grasslands as focal habitats
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2003
Summary.
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2008
Performance of alternative policies in addressing environmental dimensions of multifunctionality
The Nordic environments : comparing political, administrative, and policy aspects
Policy change and learning : implementing EU environmental policies affecting agriculture
Cost-efficient nutrient load reduction in agriculture : a short-run perspective on reducing nitrogen and phosphorus in Finland
Campus crisis management : a comprehensive guide to planning, prevention, response, and recovery
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1998
Special environmental funding by the EU, and the establishment of buffer zones : investigating attitudes and opinions from the agricultural producers in the catchment area around Lake Tuusulanjärvi
Comparative study in agricultural externalities from empirical point of view : experts perspectives, assessment levels, and policy impacts
Using the market for cost-effective environmental policy : market-based instruments in Europe
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2007
Finance policy for renewable energy and a sustainable environment
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2015
Agro-environmental prospects of environmental support
Determinants of knowledge-intensive entrepreneurship in Southeast Finland and Northwest Russia
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Getting to the 21st Century : voluntary action and the global agenda
Special environmental funding by the EU, and the establishment of buffer zones : investigating attitudes and opinions from the agricultural producers in the catchment area around Lake Tuusulajärvi
Gateways as a process : creating value-adding gateway hubs and spokes
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2009
Paying for biodiversity : enhancing the cost-effectiveness of payments for ecosystem services
Abstract: Follow-up study on the impacts of agri-environment measures (MYTVAS 2) : mid-term report.
This textbook is ideal for business students seeking background on the historical and cultural foundations of European business, and for international studies students seeking specific information on European govenrments, policies, and ecomomics.
Setting young children up for success : approaching motivation through children’s perceptions of their ability
Life for Natura 2000 : 10 years implementing the regulation
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2001
The compensatory effect of environmental subsidies for agri-environmental output constraints was evaluated through a comparative analysis observing the 'pure' efficiency, as a benchmark for prevailing production conditions, and the 'compensated' efficiency, as a proxy indicator of the compensation. An unbalanced data panel covering 3578 Swedish dairy farms in the period 2002-2012 was used. The analysis showed that in the study period, environmental farm support decreased the differences in farm revenue generated by agri-environmental output constraints in Sweden. However, the environmental support distribution did not succeed in meeting regional needs, so difficulties in farmers' ability to generate output in southern and central forest and valley areas of Sweden were visible. Furthermore, the environmental agricultural support had only a partial subsidisation effect on 'green' farm management practices, with full compensation being achieved for organic and capital-extensive farming, whereas low livestock density farming was not sufficiently compensated. This analysis reveals incentives with policy implications for farm economic performance and provides direct input to future policy recommendations for environmental support allocation.
Impacts of agri-environmental policies on land allocation and land prices
Forests and wood products as carbon storage and the effects of carbon policy instruments
Pure and compensated efficiency of Swedish dairy farms
Work in care for the elderly : combining theories of job design, stress, information processing and organizational cultures
Biodiversity policies in commercial boreal forests : optimal design of subsidy and tax combinations
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Caught between standardisation and complexity : study on the institutional ambiguities of agri-environmental policy implementation in Finland
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 1999/2000
Crystals of schoolchildren's well-being : cross-border training material for promoting psychosocial well-being through school education
Finnish agriculture and rural industries 2002
Policy design for multifunctional agriculture
