http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16771 water resources
water resources
Water : life force
Water atlas of the United States : basic facts about the nation's water resources
Water, place, and equity
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Water, power and identity : the cultural politics of water in the Andes
Principles of water resources : history, development, management, and policy
Multidimensional change in the Republic of Sudan (1989-2011) : reshaping livelihoods, conflicts, and identities
Blue gold : a novel from the NUMA files
Dam nation : how water shaped the west and will determine its future
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
Droughts
Groundwater resources : sustainability, management, and restoration
The world's water 1998-1999 : the biennal report on freshwater resources
Groundwater resources in Paleogene carbonate aquifers in the ESWCA region : preliminary evaluation
Aquaculture and water resource management
Guidelines of lake management. Vol. 2, Socio-economic aspects of lake reservoir management
Lush fields and parched throats : the political economy of groundwater in Gujarat
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Water management in 2020 and beyond
The governance of water and sanitation in Africa : achieving sustainable development through partnerships
"This book advocates a more thoughtful approach to urban water management, including for example, exponents of the Water Sensitive Urban Design (WSUD) approach in Australia and Low Impact Development in the US. This new approach involves reducing water consumption, harvesting rainwater, recycling rainwater and adopting Sustainable Drainage Systems (SuDS) where surface water is not sent straight to drains but is intercepted by features like green roofs, rain gardens, swales and ponds. This water sensitive approach conserves water, reduces flooding, cleans water (and therefore streams, rivers and seas). It is compatible with the greener city and green infrastructure agendas, whereby policy makers want to make cities more liveable. This subject matters because the current use of water by cities is unsustainable. Cities in particular need to change the existing linear model of water consumption and use to a more circular one in order to survive. Aquifers all over the world, including some that have taken millions of years to form, are predicted to dry up in the coming decades. Reservoirs, eg Lake Mead near Las Vegas once believed to have permanently solved water supply problems, are falling to dangerously low levels. This book is needed in order to bring together the various specialised technical discussions that have been continuing for some time into a volume that is more accessible to designers (engineers and architects), urban planners and managers, and policymakers. People need to understand that urban water management should increasingly become their concerns rather than a technical matter to be addressed by specialists alone"--
Water institutions : policies, performance and prospects
The United Nations world water development report. 3, Facing the challenges : case studies volume
Water in the 21st century
Summary (s. 19-35).
"Biometeorology has long been concerned with describing and understanding the impacts of weather and climate on humans and their activities and the natural (biosphere) system. Applied biometeorologists have focused on how best to prepare for and cope with weather and climate abnormalities. However they have tended to pursue their research in relative isolation from each other. There is now a need to better understand the commonalities as well as the differences within the broad field of applied biometeorology. The driving force is that biometeorologists are faced with a common problem - how best to provide advice on how to adapt to or cope with climate change. Adaptation is a cross cutting theme. It is an issue which biometeorologists are increasingly engaging with and learning about from each other. Biometeorology because of its focus on the sensitivity of human and biophysical systems to atmospheric variations and change clearly has something to contribute to the wider agenda of managing the impacts of climate change. The purpose of this collection of papers on biometeorology and adaptation is therefore to: Communicate some of the basic ideas and concepts of the sub-fields of biometeorology as they relate to climate change. Explore ideas, concepts, and practice within the field of biometeorology that may be developed in common. Provide a basis for a new vision for biometeorology that will help to communicate its understanding and expertise, as well as enhance its utility."--Back cover.
Water : life in every drop
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 1, Concepts and application case studies
Climate change is a major challenge for us all, but for African countries it represents a particular threat. This book outlines current thinking and evidence and the impact such change will have on Africa's development prospects.
Water pricing and public-private partnership
The World's water 2002-2003 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
Towards sustainable and strategic management of water resources
Model for river basin and transboundary water resources management
Comparative hydrology : an ecological approach to land and water resources
World water '89 : managing the future - learning from the past : proceedings of an international conference organized by the Institution of Civil Engineers and held in London on 14-16 November 1989.
Providing inexpensive drinking water treatment solutions for developing countries - a case study on Luanda, Angola
The water of life : our planet's most valuable resource
Preparing national regulations for water resources management : principles and practice
The world's water 2006-2007 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
Environmental information in European transboundary water management
Land resources information systems in Asia : proceedings of a regional workshop held in Quezon City, the Philippines, 25-27 January 2000.
International river basins and the use of water resources : a report to the Ministry for Foreign Affairs
The GEO-3 Data Compendium aims to provide an overview of national, regional, sub-regiofnal and global statistical data sets used to prepare UNEP's 3rd Global Environment Outlook (GEO-3) report.
Handbook of applied hydrology : a compendium of water-resources technology
An innovative accounting framework for the food-energy-water nexus : application of the MuSIASEM approach to three case studies
The world's water 2004-2005 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
Soil management and crop water supply
Water resources in the built environment : management issues and solutions
Water supplies
World water balance and water resources of the earth
The world's water 2000-2001 : the biennial report on freshwater resources
Finland : the land of lakes
Scientific basis of water-resource management : [National Academy of Sciences. National Research Council]
Community-based water law and water resource management reform in developing countries
International law for a water-scarce world
Integrating rules and tools for transboundary water resources management : case of Israel and Palestine
Climate change in Africa
Policy and strategic behaviour in water resource management
Modern water rights : theory and practice
Unlocking the water potential of agriculture
African water resource database : GIS-based tools for inland aquatic resource management. 2, Technical manual and workbook
Development of an action plan for the environment initiative of the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) : programme area 4: conservation and sustainable use of coastal, marine and freshwater resources = Développement d'un plan d'action sur l'environnement du Nouveau Partenariat pour le Développement de l'Afrique (NEPAD) : domaine d'intervention 4: conservation et utilisation durable des ressources côtières et marines et en eaux douces
Water services in Finland : domestic water supply and sewerage
The work of International Law Commission on shared natural resources : the pursuit of competence and relevance
Analyzing China Smart Water Meter Industry Cluster Competitiveness
Last oasis : facing water scarcity
Irrigation in the Middle East region in figures : AQUASTAT Survey - 2008
Dividing the waters : food security, ecosystem health, and the new politics of scarcity
Exploitation, conservation, preservation : a geographical perspective on natural resource use
Vital water graphics : an overview of the state of the world's fresh and marine waters
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
In search of sustainable water management : international lessons for the American West and beyond
The water knife
Water resources management and the environment
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Water supply
Fundamentals of numerical reservoir simulation
Sustainable water management in smallholder farming : theory and practice
The water footprint assessment manual : setting the global standard
Frameworks for water law reform
Climate changes and water resources in the region of the largest European lakes
Sharing the good : modes of managing water resources in the lower Mekong River Basin
Cooperation in the law of transboundary water resources
Integrated and participatory water resources : theory
Politics of water : a survey
Memory of water
Water
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
"Expansion of biofuel investment in Africa has been supported by indebted poor governments because of perceived potential benefits such as sustainable energy development, support to poor farmers, development of rural economies and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. However, the intensity of the biofuels political economy in poor countries worsens inequality for the vulnerable poor. This is evidenced by large-scale land acquisitions in Africa for biofuel and crop production primarily for foreign consumption - food, animal feeds and energy crops. The search for land in African countrieshas been triggered by growing concerns over food and energy security in developed countries following the global food crisis of 2008. Moreover, these recent developments in large-scale land acquisitions in Africa are not a new phenomenon, but represent the renewal of old practices incommercial agriculture, which is either conducted through purchases or long-term leases. In addition to biofuel expansion, this study notes that current large-scale land acquisitions in sub-Saharan Africa have been further driven by demands to access water resources for other commercial agricultural crops. The land purchases or leases automatically guarantee access to African water. This demand for water is a response to climate change: most industrialists believe that acquiring land near a main water reservoir will guarantee future agricultural potential. Few analyses have been done on the land-water access nexus. This article considers recent developments in large-scaleland acquisitions in Africa in terms of water security for commercial agriculture to safeguard the production of agricultural crops with a large water footprint. Using political economy analysis, this article examines national policy on these acquisitions, the rights accorded to foreign investors and how land acquisitions undermine indigenous rights to the common resources that have been the mainsource of livelihood in sub-Saharan Africa." --Publisher's description.
Water, peace, and war : confronting the global water crisis
Assessment of legal aspects of the management of shared water resources in the ESCWA region
Israel and the issue of the West Bank water : a case of a security dilemma
"Climate change, population growth and the increasing demand for water are all capable of leading to disputes over transboundary water systems. Dealing with these challenges will require the enhancing of adaptive capacity, the improving of the quality of water-resources management and a reduction in the risk of conflict between riparian states. Such changes can only be brought about through significant international cooperation. Christina Leb's analysis of the duty to cooperate and the related rights and obligations highlights the interlinkages between this duty and the principles of equitable and reasonable utilisation and the prevention of transboundary harm. In doing so, she considers the law applicable to both international watercourses and transboundary aquifers, and explores the complementarities and interaction between the rules of international water law and the related obligations of climate change and human rights law"--
International law of water resources : contribution of the International Law Association (1954-2000)
Elementary soil and water engineering
"Demonstrates the benefits of interdisciplinary approaches to flood risk management"--
Water Wars : is the world's water running out?
Strategy and performance of water supply and sanitation providers : effects of two decades of neo-liberalism
Climate vulnerability : understanding and addressing threats to essential resources. Vol. 5, Vulnerability of water resources to climate
Conference on Climate and Water, Helsinki, Finland 11-15 September 1989
The wealth of waste : the economics of wastewater use in agriculture
Lakes and reservoirs. Vol. 4, ...How to involve the public in protecting them from degradation
Water, sanitation, health - for all? : prospects for the international drinking water supply and sanitation decade, 1981-90
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
Water supply as a medium of rural development in Kenya
When the rivers run dry : what happens when our water runs out?
Irrigation in Lebanon : research, practices and potential
Development and implementation of an integrated programme for environmental monitoring of Lake Ladoga : protection and sustainable use of aquatic resources (DIMPLA)
Water policy, tourism, and recreation : lessons from Australia
Efficiency in government through systems analysis : with emphasis on water resources development : a rand corporation research study
Dams and development in China : the moral economy of water and power
White power : the Cunene River Scheme
Water Gaps Connecting Neighbours from Conflict to  Co-operation by Applying Scarcity Index
The global water crisis : a reference handbook
Blue covenant : the global water crisis and the coming battle for the right to water
River basins and rules on non-navigational use of international watercourses
Nordic Water 2012 : XXVII Nordic Hydrological Conference : abstracts : catchment restoration and water protection
Balancing water for humans and nature : the new approach in ecohydrology
Handbook of catchment management
Water : the epic struggle for wealth, power, and civilization
Lake and reservoir management
Virtual water : tackling the threat to our planet's most precious resourse
This report provides an accessible resource on the state of the world's fresh, coastal, and marine waters and how water usage and social, economic, and environmental factors are related. The 40 color graphics, together with maps and accompanying texts, illustrate how the quantity, quality, and availability of fresh and marine waters play a major role in determining levels and patterns of poverty, land degradation, pollution, sanitation, health, and rural and urban development worldwide. In addition, they show water trends with examples from the past two decades, revealing present trends and addressing potential future scenarios. Includes a CD-ROM version. Presented in a four-ring binder (10.25x12.5").  Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR.
Water Management in Cambodia : Resources and Relations
Water and power resources service : project data 1981.
Economics of water resources planning
World water resources at the beginning of the 21st century
The meaning of water
Phuoc Hoa water resources project the the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam
Water in crisis : a guide to the world's fresh water resources
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
The sustainable use of the water resources and shore areas of the River Vuoksi : VIVATVUOKSIA - a Tacis Project
Forests and water : international momentum and action
Ecosystem services & green accounting - the need for standardised units of account : with particular focus on water and Green GDP
Multipurpose use of water resources
Food for all
General submissions and considerations concerning the National Hydrological Plan = Allégations et considérations générales à propos du Plan Hydrologique National
New approaches to the governance of natural resources : insights from Africa
Water resources planning in a changing world : international symposium, Karlsruhe, Germany, June 28-30, 1994 : proceedings
Adjudicating new governance : deliberative democracy in the European Union
Diverting the flow : gender equity and water in South Asia
Water is our planet's most precious resource. It is required by every living thing, yet a huge proportion of the world's population struggles to access clean water daily. Agriculture, aquaculture, industry, and energy all depend on it - yet its provision and safety engender widespread conflict.
An introduction to human-environment geography : local dynamics and global processes
Water balancing in sharing and evaluating scarcity of water resources in national and international river basins
Knowledge synthesis report
Irrigation in Central Asia in figures : AQUASTAT survey-2012
Water for forests and people in the Mediterranean region : a challenging balance
The science of water : concepts and applications
Managing blue gold : new perspectives on water security in the levantine Middle East
According to the latest reports of United Nations, the biggest challenge facing the world at the  present and in the next decades is water scarcity. Trans-boundary water resources from history to  present either lead to cooperation or to confrontation and conflicts.  For the last six decades, it has not been possible to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict, and the water  issue has been raised as one of the keys for solving the conflict or having a successful discussion.  The history of the water conflict in the Middle East began by the foundation of the Israeli state in  1948. Since that time Israelis have tried to secure the state water supplies using different water  resources in the area. The rapidly growth of the driving forces (Nexus) has become a source of  numerous conflicts with their neighbours.  The whole area has suffered from water shortage and unsuccessful managing of the water  resources. Palestinians, Israelis, Jordanians, Syrians and Lebanese are sharing the major part of  their water resources, the Jordan River and the aquifer of the West Bank and Garza Strip being  the main sources of water resources for Israelis and for the Palestinians. Dividing the land will  not be a solution to water gaps. It is likely to make the situation even worse.  Several methods and tools have been developed worldwide to assist the riparians to manage their  own shared water resources, part of which are technical and other social -political methods.  Scarcity index is one technical numerical method developed to assist the parties to allocate the  shared water resources and to assist on recovering the water gaps. Based on the mentioned  methods numerous agreements have been made and discussions have been held between the  riparians to achieve peace and co-operation. Some of them have been implemented, the other  remain open due to the political changes in the area.
Fundamentals of hydrology
Regulating water and sanitation for the poor : economic regulation for public and private partnerships
The drought
Water and third world cities : the expanding puzzle
Hydrogeology of the Hungarian upper Danube section : before and after damming the river
Allocating gaps of shared water resources (scarcity index) : case study on Palestine-Israel
Adaptation to climate change in the administrative sector of the Ministry of the Environment : action plan update for 2011-2012
The water sensitive city
Land resources information systems in the Caribbean : proceedings of a subregional workshop held in Bridgetown, Barbados 2-4 October 2000.
The state of the world's water : an atlas of our most vital resource
Outgrowing the earth : the food security challenge in an age of falling water tables and rising temperatures
Allocating the gaps of shared water resources (the scarcity index) : case study Palestine Israel
The struggle for water : politics, rationality, and identity in the American Southwest
Environmental history of early India : a reader
Social water studies in the Arab region : state of the art and perspectives
Biometeorology for adaptation to climate variability and change
African agriculture : the next 25 years. Irrigation and water control
Development of regional economic supply curves for surface water resources and climate change assesments : a case study of China
Contributed articles.
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
The future of water : a startling look ahead
The adaptive water resource management handbook
Where the dragon meets the Angry River : nature and power in the People's Republic of China
Vision and scenario for covering the gaps in the shared water resources Israeli and Palestine
The last drop : the politics of water
Model for evaluating the scarcity index of the national and international water resources
Water crisis in developing countries : case study on Kenya
Management model on sharing transboundary water resources
Earth matters
The Manila water concession : a key government official's diary of the world's largest water privatization
Water from heaven : the story of water from the big bang to the rise of civilization, and beyond
Analysis of lake and river flow regime alteration to assess impacts of hydraulic structures
Irrigation and water resources engineering
Water safety and water infrastructure security
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
A new legal discourse on the global hydro-climate management
Water challange badge
Natural resource economics : an introduction
The water encyclopedia : hydrologic data and Internet resources
Water : the international crisis
Advancements in IIMI's research 1992 : a selection of papers presented at the internal Program Reviewinternal program review
Risk analysis of water pollution
A history of water. Vol. 2, The political economy of water
The mathematics of hydrology and water resources : based on the proceedings of the Conference on mathematics of hydrology and water resources held at the University of Lancaster in July 1976, organized by the Institute of mathematics and its applications
Health aspects of plumbing
Groundwater management : the search for practical approaches
Abstract (s. 321).
Our global environment : a health perspective
Scarcity index for evaluation of the gaps of shared water resources : case study : Palestine
Review of world water resources by country
From global land grabbing for biofuels to acquisitions of African water for commercial agriculture
Environment and man in Nepal
Applications of hydrology to water resources management : [planning and design level]
Choice modelling and the transfer of environmental values
