http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16716 workplace noise
workplace noise
Ninth Russian-Finnish Joint Symposium on Occupational Health, 7-10 September 1993, Moscow, Russian Federation : extended abstracts
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
Health of the dentist with reference to work-related and individual factors
Fetal development and pregnancy complications in working mothers
Abstract.
This paper reports the results of a literature study into the effect of plants on human well-being. Modern synthetic furnishings, computers and electrical equipment and everyday household products such as cleaning materials, emit various harmful gases in small quantities which all contribute to the recognized sick building syndrome. Simple additions of a few indoor plants in your home or office can do a great deal to boost your health and well-being.     Different studies from various countries show that there are many different settings in which humans interact with plants. Some of these settings have a therapeutic aim, others do not. The benefits of plants for office workers in a working environment have been examined in different studies. Some research has been done into the effects of plants on well-being and health. The results show that there is a positive relationship between plants added to workplace and the health of the worker such as a decline of health problems like fatigue, headaches and complaints like dry and sore throat and dry hands when plants were placed in office. From an economical point of view, it should be of great interest to include plants as a work environment asset, since only small investments are necessary in order to establish a green indoor environment. In addition and probably just as important, personal well-being and the quality of the every day working environment may be increased for the employees.    The thesis is divided into two parts, the writing part and the handbook part. The objective of the thesis is to elaborate discussions of well-being in the hospitality by considering plants as new aspects.
Why noise matters : a worldwide perspective on the problems, policies, and solutions
Expert forecast on emerging physical risks related to occupational safety and health
Summary (s. 7-9).
Plants and well-being
Industrial noise control and acoustics
Noise, accidents and male work culture
Recent advances in researches on the combined effects of environmental factors : proceedings of the Third International Conference on the Combined Effects of Environmental Factors held in Tampere, Finland, 15-18 August 1988
Reducing the risks from occupational noise
Evaluation of human work
Measurement and prediction for large industrial noise sources
