http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16797 burbot
burbot
Judicial lawmaking and administrative law
Notions of the city : notes on a place
This book is a contributed volume published by the Court of Justice of the European Union on the occasion of its 60th anniversary. It provides an insight to the 60 years of case-law of the Court of Justice and its role in the progress of European Integration. The book includes contributions from eminent jurists from almost all the EU Member States. All the main areas of European Union are covered in a systematic way. The contributions are regrouped in four chapters dedicated respectively to the role of the Court of Justice and the Judicial Architecture of the European Union, the Constitutional Order of the European Union, the Area of EU Citizens and the European Union in the World. The topics covered remain of interest for several years to come. This unique book, a "must-have" reference work for Judges and Courts of all EU Members States and candidate countries, and academics and legal professionals who are active in the field of EU law, is also valuable for Law Libraries and Law Schools in Europe, the United States of America, Latin America, Asia and Africa and law students who focus their research and studies in EU law.
Producing TV movies
Sagittal otolith growth patterns in regularly and irregularly spawning burbot (Lota lota), in northern Finland
Feeding biology of burbot, Lota lota (L.) : adaptation to profundal lifestyle?
Autumn and spring phase shifts in the burbot, Lota lota L. (Pisces, Gadidae) at the Arctic Circle
Recovering identity in N. Scott Momaday's House made of dawn (1966)
Tango-kongressimitali = The Tango Congress Medal = Le Tango - médaille du congès / Tapio Suominen
Opponent's report on Märta Salokoski's PhD dissertation
Make : wearable electronics
International Judicial Lawmaking : On Public Authority and Democratic Legitimation in Global Governance
The Court of Justice and the Construction of Europe: Analyses and Perspectives on Sixty Years of Case-law - La Cour de Justice et la Construction de l'Europe: Analyses et Perspectives de Soixante Ans de Jurisprudence
Reading across cultural lines : a homological study of N. Scott Momaday's House made of dawn, Leslie Marmon Silko's Ceremony and Louise Erdrich's Tracks
The complete film production handbook
Love and dancing
Effects of intraspecific competition and predation risk in the littoral-benthic community : a case study of juvenile burbot (Lota lota)
Living constitution, dying faith : progressivism and the new science of jurisprudence
A bibliography of Sir William Petty F.R.S. and of Observations on the bills of mortality by John Graunt F.R.S
The first album
A house is not a home : [vardagliga föremål i samtida skulptur = everyday objects in contemporary sculpture : Center for Contemporary Art, Malmö, 18 October - 14 December 1997] / [[utställningskomissarie = curator: Bo Nilsson]]
Playing to the camera : musicians and musical performance in documentary cinema
Vincent Mitzev : der Traum zu fliegen = dreaming of flight / mit Beiträgen von = with essays by Susanne Baumgart...[et al.]
Direct effect : rethinking a classic of EC legal doctrine
Red land, red power : grounding knowledge in the American Indian novel
Place and vision : the function of landscape in Native American fiction
Growth and recruitment of burbot (Lota lota)
The passion of Mademoiselle S. : letters to a lover
The coherence of EU free movement law : constitutional responsibility and the Court of Justice
Effects of temperature acclimation on the molecular machinery of the cardiac sarcoplasmic reticulum in fishes
Judicial law-making in Post-Soviet Russia
Art Medal World Congress : FIDEM XXXI 2010, Tampere, Finland, Tampere-talo = Tampere Hall 16.6. -19.6.2010 / [editors: Tapio Suominen, Marjut Villanueva, Johanna Kangas]
Nick Drake : the complete guide to his music
Courts crossing borders : blurring the lines of sovereignty
Estimations and prognosis of recruitment failures due to episodic acidifications on burbot (Lota lota L.) of the River Kyrönjoki
Winter biology of burbot (Lota lota L.)
Song review : a greatest hits collection
Judicial creativity at the International Criminal Tribunals
Behavioural response of juvenile trout (Salmo trutta) to chemical cues from burbot (Lota lota): Effects of dominance, migration form and population origin
Make: Wearable Electronics is intended for those with an interest in physical computing who are looking to create interfaces or systems that live on the body. Perfect for makers new to wearable tech, this book introduces you to the tools, materials, and techniques for creating interactive electronic circuits and embedding them in clothing and other things you can wear. Each chapter features experiments to get you comfortable with the technology and then invites you to build upon that knowledge with your own projects. Fully illustrated with step-by-step instructions and images of amazing creations made by artists and professional designers, this book offers a concrete understanding of electronic circuits and how you can use them to bring your wearable projects from concept to prototype
Pictorial nominalism : on Marcel Duchamp's passage from painting to readymade / Thierry de Duve ; foreword by John Rajchman
Keeping it real : from the ready-made to the everyday : The D. Daskalopoulos Collection : Whitechapel Gallery, London, 9 June 2010 - 22 May 2011 / edited by Achim Borchardt-Hume
Over the past two decades new international courts have entered the scene of international law and existing institutions have started to play more significant roles. The present volume studies one particular dimension of their increasing practice: international judicial lawmaking. It observes that in a number of fields of international law, judicial institutions have become significant actors and shape the law through adjudication. The contributions in this volume set out to capture this phenomenon in principle, in particular detail, and with regard to a number of individual institutions. Specifically, the volume asks how international judicial lawmaking scores when it comes to democratic legitimation. It formulates this question as part of the broader quest for legitimate global governance and places it within the context of the research project on the exercise of international public authority at the Max Planck Institute for Comparative Public Law and International Law.  .
Hybridity in Simone Lazaroo's The World waiting to be made
Investigations at the Madeneva Stone Age site in Pihtipudas
Encyclopedia of television film directors
Temperature as a modifier of fish cardiac contractility
Baby it's me
