http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16782 public art
public art
Genius loci : Amager strand
Public art : people, projects, process
Conservation and maintenance of contemporary public art : a conference hosted by the Cambridge Arts Council, Cambridge, Massachusetts, October 26 - 28, 2001 / edited by Hafthor Yngvason
Overs!ze : mega art & installations
The [un]common place : art, public space and urban aesthetics in Europe
Preserving different pasts : the American national monuments
City space : skulpturer og installationer udført til København 96 = sculptures and installations made for Copenhagen 96
Destination art
Asian art history in the twenty-first century / edited by Vishakha N. Desai ; [essays by Frederick M. Asher...[et al.]]
Utomhus = outdoor
Art and the public sphere / edited by W. J. T. Mitchell
Public art : thinking museums differently
Developing civic engagement in urban public art programs
Locating the Producers explores how 'durational' processes to public art curating and commissioning have emerged as an alternative to nomadic, itinerant and short-termist approaches in recent years. It provides an in-depth analysis of five durational projects as its starting point: The Blue House, and Beyond, the Netherlands, Trekroner Art Plan, Denmark, and Creative Egremont, and the Edgeware Road Project, United Kingdom.
Art among us : public art in Gävle / [editor: Carl Bergström]
N55 BOOK : Manual for N55 Book
Sidewalk canvas : chalk pavement art at your feet
Collaborative project-based studies in art teacher education : an environmental perspective
The Routledge companion to nonprofit marketing
The citizen artist : 20 years of art in the public area : an anthology from High Performance magazine 1978-1998
Locating the producers : durational approaches to public art
Abc art Berlin contemporary - def drafts establishing future : public art projects for urban space
Imagining a new society : public painting as politics in postwar Finland
City Art : New York`s Percent for Art Program
Public art : theory, practice, and populism
Artists reclaim the commons : new works-new territories-new publics
Boundaries
Art, community and environment : educational perspectives
Constructing place
Arcade : artists and place-making / edited by Rhona Warwick
Ceramics in the environment : an international review
Sculpture on Merseyside : Tate Gallery Liverpool : National museums & galleries on Merseyside 1988 / publ. by Tate Gallery Publications, Tate Gallery Liverpool and National Museums & Galleries on Merseyside
Surface tension : problematics of site
Attraktion : konsten i Citytunneln = The art in Citytunneln
Rodin's Thinker and the dilemmas of modern public sculpture
Art in state buildings 1985-1995 / the Office of Public Works
Art in public : what, why and how
Scanning the city : a digital journey around the public art and urban design in the city og Glasgow
Community-based art education in the North : a space for agency?
Making places : working with art in the public realm
Draft Art Project:  The Relevance of an Arts and Culture Park in Rovaniemi of Finland
Community arts projects and virtual learning environments : the need for web-based communication in Lapland and in the Barents region
A moment of sharing - an interview on making and mediating public art by Paula Toppila / Paula Toppila haastattelee Mary Jane Jacobia
Art in the public and private spheres in roman Caesarea Maritima : temples, architectural decoration and tesserae
Public art by the book
Katalog 42 Statens konstråd 2013 = Catalogue 42 The National Public Art Council 2013.
Dialogues in public art
Places with a past : New site-specific art at Charleston's Spoleto Festival
Public art
The practice of public art
The art of placemaking : interpreting community through public art and urban design
"Oops!" in public space : lapse as tool for social and political organization
Figuration/abstraction : strategies for public sculpture in Europe, 1945-1968 / edited by Charlotte Benton
Public intentions : the potentiality of action in the use of streets as venue for artistic interventions into the political debate of everyday life
Popular art in Afghanistan : paintings on trucks, mosques and tea-houses
Ilya Kabakov : public projects or the spirit of a place = progetti di arte pubblica o lo spirito de luogo
Spatial aesthetics : art, place and the everyday
Performative monuments : the rematerialisation of public art
Critical issues in public art : content, context, and controversy
Henry Moore and the challenge of architecture
What does public mean? : art as a participant in the public arena
Off limits : 40 Artangel projects / [James Lingwood and Michael Morris ; edited by Gerrie van Noord]
T.I.L.A. : a study on embodied space
Towards a theory of political art : cultural politics of 'Black Wave' film in Yugoslavia, 1963-1972
Projects for public spaces : a retrospective
Revitalization of a community site-specific art and art festivals : a case of art site Naoshima
Art and the city
Sixty years percentage for art programme commissioned at the Dutch Governement Building Afency
Standing soldiers, kneeling slaves : race, war, and monument in nineteenth-century America
Taking the train : how graffiti art became an urban crisis in New York City
Oops! Sorry, later just Oops! was a group practice of micro-events and animation for 4 persons that took place in 2009 in the public spaces of Helsinki. It was also staged as a performance production and presented at the Theatre Academy in November 2010. The entire process was circling around a situation of lapsus (a lapse, slip, faux pas). We used lapsus to experiment with cooperation, which is not based on sympathy or consensus. I chose lapsus for its sensual-emotional complexity and immediacy, to be an occasion for alternatives in self-organizing and collective co-emergence. I chose to do research, not through affirmation of any exact alternative or potentiality of alternative, but by inhabiting a state of disruption. I asked people who share my affection for moments of lapse or ones to whom those moments happen frequently to join the project. We were working through combining mechanical and organic processes of dialogue, exchange and production. Methods and tools used in this practice were: lapse, parody, mockery, inconsistency, reanimation and personal resistance.  The main reason to initiate this research was to try out a process that would embrace a condition of fuzzy, fractalized and flexible precarious work structure in cognitive production with its possible collapses. As an event producer in an age of commodification of time, experience and event I decided to play with this structure and to invite a lapsus as a moment of disruption; to see how do we get out from there. Does a collapse produce stiffening or a reinvention of the norm? I see in a lapse an everyday practice of letting go of self-control. Letting go of the constant creation of my face, body and personality as something to be looked at. Letting go of one's own desire to look good. The event of a lapse never fails me. It always works. It always disrupts the consistency of emotions, production, play, drama and interpretation. I believe in tools that are not pretty. A lapse is anti-aesthetical. It disrupts aesthetics, any order and any structure of representation and meaning.  In the written part of my thesis I write about the conceptual base for the Oops! project. The concept of Oops! relates mainly to Giorgio Agamben's idea of parody and it's coexistence with fiction, Paolo Virno's concept of joke as a diagram for innovatory action in public, Félix Guattari's minor notions of lapse in Chaosmosis, and Richard's Schechner's idea of dislocation (not-not-me) relating again with Agamben's concept of remnant. Through this theoretical background I try to make sense and formulate my idea of lapse as a fallacy, micro collapse and minor event of the every day, a momentary state of dealing with the possibility of becoming both, a joke or a failure.  After that I depict what we intended to do with Oops! the plan I wrote before we started to work and during the practice. This part contains a description of the background for the work and the research, how did the group come together and how did it sustain itself for the period of the work. I also describe my main method of working, the method of reanimation and how I have created this sort of prosthesis to deal with the documentary results of live action and with the live action producing documentary results.  Following that I talk about what actually happened in the process of Oops! I concentrate on the most interesting points. I describe the end result, the performance, and point out what was interesting in what we did and what I have found out conceptually and practically. I refer to Franco “Bifo” Berardi's writings on automatism, virtual time and the social consequences of increasingly immaterial labor, and describe surprises, reflections, touching moments and some tools or techniques developed and ready to be carried on.  At the end I draw some conclusions and present a short plan for my next attempt to work with lapse; as an appendix I am attaching the script for Oops!, a collection of concepts, scores and structures we followed on the way.  Throughout the entire text I relate to other artistic projects beside our Oops! project. In the case of the question of parody I refer to the piece by Jeremy Deller, Battle of Orgreave and the documentary of this work by Mike Figgis, both from 2001, also to a work by Yael Bartana from 2011, And Europe will be Stunned and to the film Attenberg from 2010, by Athina Rachel Tsangari. When talking about the method of reanimation and lapse I refer to Martin Arnold's Passage à l'acte from 1993, Jeremy Deller's piece again, my own previous works and Joan Jonas' pieces, Vertical Roll, 1972 and Reanimation, 2012.
Matt Mullican : banners, monuments and the city : Goldie Paley Gallery, Moore College of Art, September 11 - October 18, 1987 : an exhibition of work for public spaces
Barcelona : spaces and sculptures (1982-1986)
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Katalog 32 Statens konstråd 2002 = Catalogue 32 The National Public Art Council 2002.
"Remove not the ancient landmark" : public monuments and moral values : discourses and comments in tribute to Rudolf Wittkower
Going public : a field guide to developments in art in public places
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Contemporary public sculpture : tradition, transformation, and controversy / Harriet S. Senie
The everyday practice of public art : art, space and social inclusion
Critical issues in public art : content, context, and controversy / edited by Harriet F. Senie and Sally Webster
Critical vehicles : writings, projects, interviews
Katalog 31 Statens konstråd 2001 = Catalogue 31 The National Public Art Council 2001.
A space called public = Hoffentlich öffentlich
Sculpture projects Muenster 07
Flashback 2011 : Turku Euroopan kulttuuripääkaupunki 2011 = Åbo Europas kulturhuvudstad 2011 = Turku European Capital of Culture 2011 / [toimitus = redaktör = editor: Susse Määttänen ; työryhmä = arbetsgrupp = working group: Päivi Autere, Saara Malila]
