http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1672 soils
soils soil types
Nanomagnetic and micromagnetic properties of rocks, minerals and sulphide oxidation products
World reference base for soil resources 2006 : a framework for international classification, correlation and communication
Sulphur in cultivated organic soils
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 1
Sorption behaviour of radiocaesium in soils from various regions of Libya and Sweden
Soils and environment : soil processes from mineral to landscape scale
The Canadian system of soil classification
Water repellency of clay, sand and organic soils in Finland
Sources of acidity and metals in a stream draining acid sulphate soil, till and peat, western Finland, revealed by a hydrochemical and sulphur isotope study
Soil map of Europe = Carte des sols de l'Europe = Mapa de suelos de Europa : 1: 2.500.000
Suomen geologinen kartta 1:100000 : maaperäkartta = Geological map of Finland 1:100000 : quaternary deposits. N:o 1131, Uusikaupunki
Soil groups and subgroups of South Africa
Fundamentals of soil science and soil geography
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in western cape, South Africa
Landforms and morphostructure in Koillismaa, Finland
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 4.
Previous, current and future leaching of sulphur and metals from acid sulphate soils in W. Finland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Response of P, K, Mg and NO3-N contents of carrots to irrigation, soil compaction, and nitrogen fertilisation
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
Ground beetle (Coleoptera, Carabidae) diversity in Finnish arable land
Soil genesis and classification
Simultaneous adsorption of Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni, Pb and Zn by different soils
Soils : a new global view
IGCP-Project No. 158, aims, topics and present-day progress of studies within the sub-project 'Fluvial environment' in Finland
A short course in soil-structure engineering of deep foundations, excavations and tunnels
Soils of the world II : soil geography
Soil science and archaeology
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Soil classification : a global desk reference
CO[sub2] and CH[sub4] fluxes and carbon balance in the atmospheric interaction of boreal peatlands
Site index curves for European aspen ( Populus tremula L.) growing on forest land of different soils in Sweden
Appropriate classification of three Swedish soils for agrarian and environmental management
Effect of fine material fractions on the results for soil textural parameters
The mechanics of soils and foundations
Trace elements solubilization in waste-amended saline-sodic conditions
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 1.
Precipitation-induced runoff and leaching from milled peat mining mires by peat types : a comparative method for estimating the loading of water bodies during peat production
Soil parameter variability affecting simulated field-scale water balance, erosion and phosphorus losses
International Peat Congress 2 : Leningrad, USSR, 1963 : transactions. Volume 2
Lecture notes on the geography, formation, properties and use of the major soils of the world
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Foundations of Engineering Geology
The general Geological map of Finland 1:100000 : Explation to the map of superficial deposits. Sheet D4, Nurmes
Physical properties of a boreal clay soil under differently managed perennial vegetation : doctoral dissertation
Zhongguo huangtu = Loess in China
Multispectral image analysis for extraction of remotely sensed features in agricultural fields
Lecture notes on the major soils of the world
DGGE-fingerprinting of arable soils shows differences in microbial community structure of conventional and organic farming systems
Soil map of the world
Agronomic handbook : management of crops, soils, and their fertility
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Manual on soil sampling and methods of analysis
Copper in cultivated soils of Finland
Geological map of Finland 1:100000 : Explation to the map of superficial deposits. Sheets 4421, 4422, 4423-4441,4424, Hyrynsalmi, Suomussalmi, Vuokkijärvi, Raate
Processes of magma differentiation and crystallization operating in basaltic conduits : insights from internal chemical zonation of mafic dykes
The ecology of Danish soil inhabiting Pezizales with emphasis on edaphic conditions
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 2.
Soil stresses, quality and care : proceedings from NJF seminar 310, Ås, April 10-12 2000
Microclimate and soils of the central part of the Hämeenkangas interlobate complex in western Finland
Essential soil physics : an introduction to soil processes, functions, structure and mechanics
An analytical procedure for determination of sulphur species and isotopes in boreal acid sulphate soils and sediments
Effect of soil type and climatic conditions on the growth and flowering phenology of three Oxalis species in Western Cape, South Africa
Weed infestation and factors affecting weed incidence in spring cereals in Finland - a multivariate approach
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
The ecological classification of sorted forest soils of varying genesis in Northern Finland = Syntytavaltaan erilaisten lajittuneiden kangasmetsämaiden ekologinen luokittelu Pohjois-Suomessa
Terrain analysis : principles and applications
Precision of commercial soil testing practice for phosphorus fertilizer recommendations in Finland
Archaeological sediments : a survey of analytical methods
Assessing the land cover and land use change and its impact on watershed services in a tropical Andean watershed of Peru
Principles and practice of soil science : the soil as a natural resource
Geology of soils : their evolution, classification and uses
Handbook of soil conditioners : substances that enhance the physical properties of soil
Elements of the nature and properties of soils
Keys to soil taxonomy for Finland
Harmful agents (PCDD/Fs, PCBs, and PBDEs) in Finnish reindeer (<em>Rangifer tarandus tarandus</em>) and moose (<em>Alces alces</em>)
The changing landforms of Finland
Dielectric coefficient surveying for overburden classificat ion
Alien pest species in agriculture and horticulture in Finland
Introduction to soil mechanics laboratory testing
Desorption of sorbed Zn in some acid soils affected by organic matter application
Relation between soil properties and tree species composition in a Scots pine-Norway spruce stand in southern Finland
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland : 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Summary.
Podzolic processes and bioelement pools in subarctic forest soils at the Kevo station, Finnish Lapland
Soil aggregation in relation to texture and organic matter
Effects of repeated phosphorus fertilisation on field crops in Finland. 2, Sufficient phosphorus application rates on silty and sandy soils
Nordic reference soils : 1: Characterisation and classification of 13 typical nordic soils : 2: Sorption of 2,4-D, atrazine and glyphosate
Soils of Ethiopia : perceptions, appraisal and constraints in relation to food security
Hydropower Reservoir and Sedimentation : A Study of Nam Ngum Reservoir
The eigth international peat congress : proceedings. Section 3.
The soils of Europe : illustrated diagnosis and systematics : with keys and descriptions for easy identification of the most important soil formations of Europe with consideration of the most frequent synonyms
Characterization of soils in relation to their classification and management for crop production : examples from some areas of the humid tropics
Summary: Explanation to the map quarternary deposits.
Soil properties affecting weed distribution in spring cereal and vegetable fields
Introduction to the principles and practice of soil science
Natural born heroes : how a daring band of misfits mastered the lost secrets of strength and endurance
Role of Supplier Selection in the Import Process - Case Muay Thai
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Soils : genesis and geomorphology
Iisalmen kartta-alueen maaperä = Quaternary deposits in the Iisalmi map-sheet area
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region : implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
Summary: Moisture conditions in Finnish topsoils.
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
Crop and soil specific mineral efficiency and productivity in Finland
Suomen geologinen kartta 1:100000 : maaperäkartan selitys = Geological map of Finland 1:100000 : Explanation to the map of quaternary deposits. Lehti 2032, Espoo
The nature and properties of soils
The history of soils and field systems
Introduction to plant science
Patterns of aquatic macrophytes in the boreal region: implications for spatial scale issues and ecological assessment
Effects of traffic and fertilization levels on grass yields in northern Norway
Effectiveness of environmental taxes and charges for managing sand, gravel and rock extraction in selected EU countries
Keski-Suomen maaperämuodostumat = Quaternary deposits and landforms of Central Finland
IGCP-project No. 158, aims, topics and presentday progress of studies within the sub-project 'Fluvial environment' in Finland
Radioactive fission and activation products : transport from soil to plant under Swedish field conditions
The ethics of technological risk
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Acid-induced leaching of elements from cultivated soils
Abstract: Podzolic processes in soils of subarctic pine and birch forests and low alpine heaths were studied by means of physical and chemical analyses..
