http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16709 insurance law
insurance law
Dictionary of insurance law
The creation of the internal market in insurance
Atiyah's Accidents, compensation and the law
Selected essays on insurance law
Norwegian social law
Commercial law
Multidimensional bioethics : a pluralistic approach study ethics of modern human biotechnology
European motor insurance and victim protection : the impact of new European Community legislation on motor liability insurance
Compensation for personal injury in Sweden and other countries
Houseman and Davies law of life assurance
International antitrust law & policy
Protection of the insured
Policies and perceptions of insurance law in the twenty first century
Reference book of marine insurance clauses
General average : law and practice
Casebook on insurance law
The EC regulation on insolvency proceedings : a commentary and annotated guide
The law and economics of credit default swaps : derivatives regulation, insurance law, and recent financial market reforms
Warranties in marine insurance
European tort law 2001
Structuring international contracts
Introduction to Greek law
Co-ordinating work-based and residence-based social security
E.C. financial market regulation and company law
The law of waiver, variation and estoppel
Perspectives of critical contract law
Birds' modern insurance law
Modern insurance law
Lees' laws of British shipping and of marine assurance
Pollution law and insurance : a comparison of the legal regimes of European states and the USA
Risk, uncertainty and government
Law in Eastern Europe. No. 1
Agricultural insurance legislation
Insurance in private international law : a European perspective
Insurance and pension funds : Community measures adopted or proposed (situation as at June 1993)
Butterworths insurance law handbook
Introduction to risk management and insurance
The modern law of marine insurance. Volume 3
The politics of social rights : studies on the dimensions of sickness insurance in OECD countries
For centuries, warranties have played a significant role in the law of marine insurance and in this book Baris Soyer offers a comprehensive and authoritative examination of warranties in marine insurance. The book sets out the current law on marine insurance warranties as well as exploring the legal remedies available when a marine insurance warranty is breached. The third edition is brought up to date with significant discussion of recent case law including: Kosmar Villa Holidays v. Trustees of Syndicate; Pratt v Aigaion Insurance Co; Argo Systems FZE v. Liberty Insurance (Pte); The Buana Dua, The Princess of the Stars, The Nancy, and Garnat Trading & Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Baominh Insurance Corporation with a view to identifying their impact on established legal principles. The third edition also goes on to evaluate the impact of the changes that will be introduced in this area by the Insurance Act 2015. This Act will alter the warranty regime significantly but it is also expected to have an impact on other risk alteration clauses such as condition precedents, suspensory warranties and exclusion clauses. This book is essential reading for postgraduate students and academics in international commercial law and marine insurance law as well as insurers and legal practitioners.
A handy book for shipowners and masters
Liberalisation of international insurance operations : cross-border trade and establishment of foreign branches = Libéraliser les opérations internationales d'assurance : les échanges transfrontières et l'établissement de succursales étrangères
Liability for and insurability of biomedical research with human subjects in a comparative perspective
Marine claims handbook
Principles of European insurance contract law (PEICL)
Open source software as part of commercial software delivery : risk management
International encyclopedia of comparative law. Vol. 9, chapter 7, Commercial transactions and institutions
AIDS : a guide to the law
The Finnish Insurance Companies Act : an English translation
Deposit insurance : actual and good practices
Directors' and officers' liability insurance : a guide to international practice
The law of insurance contracts
HIV and AIDS : testing, screening and confidentiality
Principles of business law
Disabled policy : America's programs for the handicapped : a twentieth century fund report
Introduction to European social security law
The modern law of marine insurance
European company and financial law : European Community law-text collection
Responsibility in law and morality
Criminal and civil liability of professionals - present situation and future prospects regarding the concepts of negligence and risk : proceedings : 22nd Colloquy on European Law, La Laguna, Tenerife, 17-19 November 1992.
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 14, Torts : Traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
Carrier's liability in international carriage of goods by road in Finland and Estonia : A comparative study of mandatory provisions applying to carrier ́s liability and liability insurances covering carrier ́s liability
Termination of contracts
Pre-trial and pre-hearing procedures worldwide
EEC financial services cases from Common Market law reports. Vol. 2, Insurance
Summary (s. 17-23). - Resumé (s. 24-31).
Tort liability and insurance
New foundations for insurance law : current legal problems
Norwegian cargo insurance
An introduction to marine protection & indeminity insurance for masters and senior officers : (with practical operational advice)
Essays on tort, insurance, law and society in honour of till Bill W. Dufwa
AIDA, 8th world congress, Copenhagen 1990. General reports : damage from international disasters : financial supervision of insurance
European company and financial law : texts and leading cases
The law of insurance contracts : with 1991 supplement
Medical responsibility in Western Europe : research study of the European Science Foundation
Risks and legal theory
The legal expenses insurance directive : a consumer perspective
Social insurance in Finland
International Tax Thursday 9. September 1993.
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
General principles of insurance law
Russian insurance industry and its future challenges
Communicating justice providing legitimacy : the legal practices of Swedish administrative courts in cases regarding sickness cash benefit
Planning and evaluation of national health insurance in Finland
The implementation provisions of the EC choice of law rules for insurance contracts. a commentary : Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, United Kingdom
