http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16753 mountain birch
mountain birch Betula pubescens czerepanovii
Regulation of mountain birch - autumnal moth interaction: from plant defence to immune resistance of insects
Abstract: The most important groups of herbivores on birch leaves are Homoptera, Symphyta larvae (Hym.), Lepidoptera larvae, and Coleoptera...
Variation in food plant quality for herbivores : differences within trees, among trees, among sites and between tree species
Leaf quality and leaf chewers : an experimental approach to variation in the mountain birch-insect herbivore system
Polyembryony and abnormal germination in Betula pubescens subsp. tortuosa
Resource allocation among growth, herbivore resistance and reproduction in birch : a developmental perspective
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
Evapotranspiration and energy exchange of a mountain birch forest, Abisko, Sweden
Living at the timberline - the Sámi and the mountain birch forests in northernmost Europe
Abstract: A review of past and present taxonomical treatments illustrates the difficulties encountered in delimiting B. tortuosa as a separate taxon within the B. pubescens complex. Analysis of both experimental and natural populations revealed certain morphological characters and features of growth and development distinguishing B. tortuosa...
Northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns = Severnaâ granica lesa : voprosy po okružaûšej crede i social'no-èkonomičeskie voprosy
Nordic mountain birch forests
Nordic mountain birch ecosystems
Hormonal regulation of bud burst and coppice shoot growth in Betula
Abstract: A method for estimating the consumption of birch leaves by browsing herbivores is presented. In 170 study plots in northern Lapland, the mean consumption was 1150 g dry leaves per hectare up to the middle of the summer. The consumption per plot was dependent on the forest type, amount of root shoots and altitude. The grazing on birch continued in late summer. The annual birch consumption by an individual reindeer is of the order of 25 kg dry matter. As a consumer of the birch, the reindeer is less important than invertebrates.
Isolated occurences of spruce, Picea abies, in northernmost Fennoscandia in relation to the enigma of continental mountain birch forests
Hybridization, introgression and taxonomy of the Mountain birch in SW Greenland compared with related results from Iceland and Finnish Lapland
Allocation of resources within mountain birch canopy after simulated winter browsing
On the ecocatastrophe of birch forests caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) and the problem of reforestation
Density fluctuation as a modifier of individuals and populations in Epirrita autumnata
Summary: Larvae of Oporina autumnata. (Lepidoptera, Geometridae) were fed on intact birch leaves with (experimental group) and without (control group) previous mechanical damage of neighbouring leaves. The experimental group pupated slightly later than the control group. Leaves near the damaged leaf had, on average, a 9 % higher content of phenols...
On stomatal behavior in the Greenland Mountain birch
Herbivorous invertebrates of the mountain birch at Kevo, Finnish Lapland
Summary: During an investigation on Betula species in northern Finland it was found that in a seed sample collected from one tree (B. pubescens subsp. tortuosa) in 1978, the frequency of twin seedlings was ca. 28 percent. In seed material from the same tree in 1979, the corresponding value was about 1.5 percent...
Birch consumption by reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) in Finnish Lapland
Environmental and genetic determination of phenotypes in insects feeding on mountain birch
Temporal variation and trade-offs in mountain birch leaf chemistry and resistance to herbivores
Population dynamics of birch (Betula spp.) and coexisting tree species in relation to the environment
Experiences of forest genetics under timberline conditions
Abstract: Birch leaves collected in the morning supported growth of Oporinia autumnata (Lep., Geometridae), whose larval period is in early summer, better than leaves collected in the evening...
A survey of winter cold in the mountain birch / Epirrita autumnata system
Summary: The amount of the oil was studied and tentative identifications made of the oil components in leaves collected during four summers from some marked Betula tortuosa individuals in the Kevo district and in Kittilä...
Abstract: In 1965-1966, caterpillars of Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep., Geometridae) defoliated birch (Betula pubescens ssp. tortuosa) forests in eastern Itäkaira, NE Lapland. Damage occurred on fells, riversides, and both fresh and dry heaths...
Birch rust and endophytic fungi in birch leaves : effects of host plant genetic background and environmental factors
Timberline patterns in northernmost Fennoscandia : relative importance of climate and grazing
Abstract (s. 3)
Cherry leaf roll virus abundant on Betula pubescens in Finland
The effect of defoliation history on photosynthetic rates in mountain birch
Zonation of the mountain birch forest in northernmost Fennoscandia
Structural observations on needles exposed to elevated levels of copper and nickel
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores. 2 : diurnal variation in the usability of leaves for Oporinia autumnata and Dineura virididorsata
Crab spiders hunting geometrid larvae through gauze bags
The nitrogen economy of mountain birch : as related to environmental conditions and genotype
Leaf development and leaf pathogens on subarctic birches after a calamity of Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) (Lep., Geometridae)
On the taxonomy, biology and origin of Betula tortuosa Ledeb
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata (Bkh.) in 1965-66 in Utsjoki, N Finland
Plant ecology, herbivory, and human impact in Nordic mountain birch forests
The role of natural enemies in preventing outbreaks of Epirrita autumnata in southern Finland
Abstract: 13 species of mining Lepidoptera and 3 of Hymenoptera were observed on the mountain birch in northernmost Finnish Lapland and Norwegian Finnmark in 1971-72...
Birch forest damage caused by Oporinia autumnata Bkh. (Lep. Geometridae) in 1965-1966 in eastern Itäkaira, northeastern Lapland
The northern timberline forests : environmental and socio-economic issues and concerns
Effects of heavy metal pollution and host plant leaf chemistry on the immune defense and life history traits of an insect herbivore
Insect-plant interactions during a natural Epirrita autumnata outbreak
Evolutionary ecology of mountain birch in subarctic stress gradients : interplay of biotic and abiotic factors in plant-plant interactions and evolutionary processes
Trophic interactions and cyclic population dynamics of the autumnal moth : the importance of hymenopteran parasitoids
Birch leaves as a resource for herbivores: damage induced increase in leaf phenols with trypsin-inhibiting effects
Human interactions with the mountain birch ecosystem : implications for sustainable development (Hibeco)
Causes and consequences of modularity : implications for plants, herbivores and plant-herbivore interactions
The autumnal moth outbreak near Kilpisjärvi 2004-2005 : geographical distribution, damage occurrence on different landscapes, and effects on regional carbon stock
On the mining insects of the mountain birch in northernmost Finland
Stand dynamics of mountain birch, Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii (Orlova) Hämet-Ahti, in NW Finnish Lapland
The impact of wood ants (Hymenoptera: Formicidae) on the structure of invertebrate community on mountain birch (Betula pubescens ssp. czerepanovii)
Trophic interactions of invasive forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Wood anatomy and physical properties of wood and bark in Betula tortuosa Ledeb
Field experiments on the effects of pollution at Kevo Subarctic Research Station
Postfire succession of soil arthropod groups in a subarctic birch forest
Outbreaks of Dineura virididorsata (Hymenoptera) and Eriocrania (Lepidoptera) on mountain birch in northernmost Norway
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Human impact on the timberline in the far north of Europe
Abstract: In 1965-1966 the caterpillars of the geometrid Oporinia autumnata defoliated vast areas of birch forests in Finnish Lapland. The damage areas in Utsjoki, the northernmost district of Finland, were studied more thoroughly. About 1350 km² were defoliated and large areas of this will be changed into treeless "tundra"...
Essential oils in Betula tortuosa Lebed. and in some other Betula species and hybrids
