http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16779 degrees of comparison
degrees of comparison
Reform and change in higher education : analysing policy implementation
The Arabic elative : a new approach
School knowledge in comparative and historical perspective : changing curricula in primary and secondary education
Pre-school and primary education in the European Union
Researching higher education : international perspectives on theory, policy and practice
Adverbs and comparatives : an analytical bibliography
International perspectives on lifelong learning
Widening participation in higher education : casting the net wide?
Tertiary education for the knowledge society. Vol. 2, Special features : equity, innovation, labour market, internationalisation
Transnational intellectual networks : forms of academic knowledge and the search for cultural identities
World guide to higher education : a comparative survey of systems, degrees and qualifications
Goals and purposes of higher education in the 21st century
Global university rankings : challenges for European higher education
Convergence and divergence in European education and training systems
Tuning educational structures in Europe : a guide to formulating degree programme profiles including programme competences and programme learning outcomes
Tuning educational structures in Europe. 2, Universities' contribution to the Bologna Process
Tradition and transition : the international imperative in higher education
Progress in reading literacy in national and international context : the impact of PIRLS 2006 in 12 countries
Perspectives and limitations of Finnish higher forestry education in a unifying Europe
Changing governance and management in higher education : the perspectives of the academy
Enhancing quality in higher education : international perspectives
Teaching and research in contemporary higher education : systems, activities and rewards
Academic freedom 2 : a human rights report
"This book focuses on the voices and experiences of non-traditional students in European higher education. It examines the impact that access to higher education is having on these students' lives and discusses what this tells us about European education and society. In particular, it explores the multi-dimensional nature of inequality in varied national contexts focusing on the issues of class, gender, ethnicity, age and disability. The book contributes to the on-going debate about the changing nature of European higher education and argues that research based on the experiences of non-traditional students can be used to improve policy and practice in tertiary education. Drawing on biographical narrative interviews with 'non-traditional' students, the book covers topics including: the contemporary nature of inequality and how the various forms of inequality intersect and overlap in higher education and society; the formation and transformation of learner identities; the structural barriers faced by non-traditional students; the sources of student resilience and agency; a comparison of patterns of inequality, access and retention in various European countries; the implications of these findings for practice and policies. Student Voices on Inequalities in Higher Education will appeal to academics, researchers, policy-makers and practitioners working in higher education institutions as well as people working in the field of widening participation, adult education, access and centres for teaching and learning. It will also be of interest to postgraduate students in higher education"--
Places of inquiry : research and advanced education in modern universities
Transformation of higher education in innovation systems in China and Finland
Progress towards the Lisbon objectives in education and training : indicators and benchmarks 2008
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Research on higher education has yielded many insights that have improved our theoretical and practical understanding but there are still many themes that continue to appear on research agendas, provoking renewed focus on these complex questions and problems. Researching Higher Education explores these issues, examining topics such as equity in access and participation, the relationship between higher education and society, how and what students learn and the professional development of academics. In this volume, contributors from Europe, Australia, Africa and the US critically address ongoing issues with a set of key questions to guide their analysis: What do we know? What are the missing links and gaps in past research? What are the implications for further research? Key themes include: The nature of higher education, higher education and society, staff and students in higher education, teaching and learning, curriculum and assessment. Critical, engaging and international in scope, Researching Higher Education will be a valuable guide for academics, researchers, postgraduate students and policy makers in the higher education community.
Reshaping doctoral education : international approaches and pedagogies
Culture and pedagogy : international comparisons in primary education
Eurostudent report 2005 : social and economic conditions of student life in Europe 2005 : synopsis of indicatiors for Austria, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Portugal, Spain, The Netherlands and United Kingdom (England and Wales)
The global student experience : an international and comparative analysis
Higher education in forestry and forest economics in Baltic and Nordic states
Structure and agency in the neoliberal university
Outside the Golden Gate : prospects and comparisons in Finnish adult higher education
Accountability in higher education : global perspectives on trust and power
Ninth graders' values, goals and views about learning and school : a comparative analysis in three countries: Finland, Russia, Estonia
The new institutionalism in education
Critical perspectives on international education
Sociology of education : a critical reader
"The WHO Disability Assessment Schedule - WHODAS 2.0 is a practical instrument to measure general health and disability levels. It is based on the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF). WHODAS 2.0 can be used as a general measure across all diseases, including mental, neurological and addictive disorders. Developed internationally the WHODAS 2.0 is a reliable measure applicable in different cultures both in clinical settings or in general populations. It is a responsive measure that can show what difference an intervention makes. This manual presents short and full versions of the WHODAS 2.0 together with practical guidelines on how to use them effectively. It includes 12 item, 12+24 item and 36 item questionnaires; development history; psychometric properties; and applications."--Publisher's description.
As a teacher in an inner-city school, Lucy Crehan was exasperated with ever-changing government policy claiming to be based on lessons from 'top-performing' education systems. She became curious about what was really going on in classrooms of the countries whose teenagers ranked top in the world in reading, maths and science. Determined to dig deeper, Lucy set off on a personal educational odyssey through Finland, Japan, Singapore, Shanghai and Canada, teaching in schools, immersing herself in their very different cultures and discovering the surprising truths about school life that don't appear in the charts and graphs. Cleverlands documents her journey, weaving together her experiences with research on policy, history, psychology and culture to offer extensive new insights and provide answers to three fundamental questions: How do these countries achieve their high scores? What can others learn from them? And what is the price of this success?
Secondary education in France : a decade of change
International perceptions of university forestry education : an analysis of student motivation, competencies, and curricula
Completing the foundation for lifelong learning : an OECD survey of upper secondary schools
Governments and professional education
Tuning educational structures in Europe : final report, phase one
The higher education system : academic organization in cross-national perspective
Improving lower secondary schools in Norway
Tertiary education for the knowledge society. Vol. 1, Special features : governance, funding, quality
Structuring mass higher education : the role of elite institutions
Progress towards the common European objectives in education and training : indicators and benchmarks 2010/2011
Focus on the structure of higher education in Europe 2003/2004 : national trends in the Bologna process
Student voices on inequalities in European higher education : challenges for theory, policy and practice in a time of change
Restructuring the state - regional impacts : a comparative Nordic perspective
Legal education and judicial training in Europe : the Menu for Justice Project report
The higher education managerial revolution?
Buying your way into heaven : education and corruption in international perspective
Mapping communication and media research : conjunctures, institutions, challenges
Learning and teaching across cultures in higher education
Challenging boundaries : managing the integration of post-secondary education
Key success factors for Finnish higher business education : comparison between European countries
Europe at school : a study of primary and secondary schools in France, West Germany, Italy, Portugal & spain
Understanding mass higher education : comparative perspectives on access
The changing academic profession in international comparative and quantitative perspectives : report of the International Conference on the Changing Academic Profession Project, 2008
Today, nearly every aspect of higher education—including student recruitment, classroom instruction, faculty research, administrative governance, and the control of intellectual property—is embedded in a political economy with links to the market and the state. Academic capitalism offers a powerful framework for understanding this relationship. Essentially, it allows us to understand higher education's shift from creating scholarship and learning as a public good to generating knowledge as a commodity to be monetized in market activities. In Academic Capitalism in the Age of Globalization, Brendan Cantwell and Ilkka Kauppinen assemble an international team of leading scholars to explore the profound ways in which globalization and the knowledge economy have transformed higher education around the world. The book offers an in-depth assessment of the theoretical foundations of academic capitalism, as well as new empirical insights into how the process of academic capitalism has played out. Chapters address academic capitalism from historical, transnational, national, and local perspectives. Each contributor offers fascinating insights into both new conceptual interpretations of and practical institutional and national responses to academic capitalism.
Summary.
Higher education policy : an international comparative perspective
The RoutledgeFalmer reader in education policy and politics
A world of difference? : comparing learners across Europe
University reform in Finland and Japan
Building world-class universities : different approaches to a shared goal
Experiential learning around the world : employability and the global economy
This book discusses how teaching and research have been weighted differently in academia in 18 countries and one region, Hong Kong SAR, based on an international comparative study entitled the Changing Academic Profession (CAP). It addresses these issues using empirical evidence, the CAP data. Specifically, the focus is on how teaching and research are defined in each higher education system, how teaching and research are preferred and conducted by academics, and how academics are rewarded by their institution. Since the establishment of Berlin University in 1810, there has been controversy on teaching and research as the primary functions of universities and academics. The controversy increased when Johns Hopkins University was established in 1876 with only graduate programs, and more recently with the release of the Carnegie Foundation report Scholarship Reconsidered by Ernest L. Boyer in 1990. Since the publication of Scholarship Reconsidered in 1990, higher education scholars and policymakers began to pay attention to the details of teaching and research activities, a kind of black box because only individual academics know how they conduct teaching and research in their own contexts.
Public policy for academic quality : analyses of innovative policy instruments
The Routledge international handbook of higher education
The Research foundations of graduate education : Germany, Britain, France, United States, Japan
The best and the most excellentest way : the rivalling forms of adjective comparison in Late Middle and Early Modern English
Measuring health and disability : manual for WHO Disability Assessment Schedule WHODAS 2.0
Internationalisation of higher education and global mobility
OECD education policy : a comparative and historical study focusing on the thematic reviews of tertiary education
Guidance and counselling in higher education in European Union member states
Sequential explanatory study of factors connected with science achievement in six countries: Finland, England, Hungary, Japan, Latvia and Russia : study based on TIMSS 1999
Academic capitalism in the age of globalization
Learning our lesson: : review of quality teaching in higher education
Diverse routes from school, via higher education, to employment : a comparison of nine European countries
The Bologna process in science and mathematics higher education in North-Eastern Europe : tendencies, perspectives and problems
Geographies of knowledge, geometries of power : framing the future of higher education
Governance and performance of education systems
Reforming upper secondary education in Europe : surveys of strategies for post-16 education to improve the parity of esteem for initial vocational education in eight European educational systems
The Sage handbook of mentoring and coaching in education
The professoriate in the age of globalization
Transnational governance by numbers : rankings as mechanisms of governing
Global higher education rankings 2005 : affordability and accessibility in comparative perspective
Cross-cultural lifelong learning
English summary.
Is it more common to say more common or commoner? : adjective comparison in British, American and Australian English
Higher education in international perspective : a survey and bibliography
A grammar book of Finnish
Local knowledge and wisdom in higher education
