http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16711 losing (failing to win)
losing (failing to win)
Echolalias : on the forgetting of language
The power of Babel : a natural history of language
Accelerating deforestation in the tropics: strong theoretical and empirical support
When languages die : the extinction of the world's languages and the erosion of human knowledge
Tropical forests : regional paths of destruction and regeneration in the late twentieth century
Studies in American Indian, oriental, and related general linguistics : kleine Schriften. Band/Volume 3
The crisis deepens : a review of resource and environmental management in Malaysia
Vital forest graphics
Forest resources and sustainable development : principles, perspectives and practices
Exploring language change
Charcoal in Somalia : a woodfuel inventory in the Bay region of Somalia
Time running out: the urgent need for forest resources conservation in Ethiopia
Government policies and deforestation in Brazil's Amazon region
Scenarios on forest management in the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Ukraine
The impact of logging on land use change in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia
Winning : reflections on an American obsession
World resources : 1990-91 : a report
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Forest futures : population, consumption and wood resources
Tropical forests as non-renewable resources : the theory of optimal exploitation
System causality of deforestation and development in the third world
Beyond the woodfuel crisis : people, land and trees in Africa
Some reflections on deforestation and development : the Brazilian experience
Man, agriculture and the tropical forest : change and development in the Philippine uplands
Tiggers hate to lose
Deforestation reduces nest mound size and decreases the production of sexual offspring in the wood ant Formica aquilonia
Managing renewable environmental assets in Africa
From deforestation into sustainable forestry - a transition based on markets and policies
A review of Chilean forestry: a deforestation threat with high success in plantations
Worrorran revisited : the case for genetic relations among languages of the Northern Kimberley region of Western Australia
The decline of nominal inflection in old Swedish : the loss of dative case
Deforestation in Uganda
Boreal populations facing climatic and habitat changes
Tropical forest cover of south and central America as derived from analyses of NOAA-AHRR data
Unravelling the mystery of regional unemployment in Finland
In 1177 B.C., marauding groups known only as the "Sea Peoples" invaded Egypt. The pharaoh's army and navy managed to defeat them, but the victory so weakened Egypt that it soon slid into decline, as did most of the surrounding civilizations. After centuries of brilliance, the civilized world of the Bronze Age came to an abrupt and cataclysmic end. Kingdoms fell like dominoes over the course of just a few decades. No more Minoans or Mycenaeans. No more Trojans, Hittites, or Babylonians. The thriving economy and cultures of the late second millennium B.C., which had stretched from Greece to Egypt and Mesopotamia, suddenly ceased to exist, along with writing systems, technology, and monumental architecture. But the Sea Peoples alone could not have caused such widespread breakdown. How did it happen?In this major new account of the causes of this "First Dark Ages," Eric Cline tells the gripping story of how the end was brought about by multiple interconnected failures, ranging from invasion and revolt to earthquakes, drought, and the cutting of international trade routes. Bringing to life the vibrant multicultural world of these great civilizations, he draws a sweeping panorama of the empires and globalized peoples of the Late Bronze Age and shows that it was their very interdependence that hastened their dramatic collapse and ushered in a dark age that lasted centuries. A compelling combination of narrative and the latest scholarship, 1177 B.C. sheds new light on the complex ties that gave rise to, and ultimately destroyed, the flourishing civilizations of the Late Bronze Age--and that set the stage for the emergence of classical Greece.
Vanishing languages in context : ideological, attitudinal and social identity perspectives
Under destruction : Museum Tinguely, Basel, 15.10.2010 - 23.1.2011 : Swiss Institute Contemporary Art, New York, 6.4. - 4.6.2011 / Herausgeber = editors Gianni Jetzer, Chris Sharp, Roland Wetzel ; Aufsätze = essays Boris Groys ... [et al.] ; Werktexte = profile texts Barbara Casavecchia ... [et al.]
Axial flux permanent magnet machines : development of optimal design stretegies
Impacts of Deforestation on Sustainability in Tanzania
Forest health : its assessment and status
Future forest resources of Western and Eastern Europe
Forests, environment and tribal economy : deforestation, impoverishment and marginalisation in Orissa
Deforestation or development in the third world?. Vol. 3
Proceedings of the conference on "Forest Resources Crisis in the Third World" 6-8 Sept. 1986 (Malaysia)
Deforestation and development in the third world : roles of system causality and population
State of the world 1989 : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
On the historical aspect of deforestation in the tropics
Deforestation and risk in agriculture production: a socio-economic analysis using compromise programming at the village level in the West Usambara Mountains, Tanzania
Peat resources of the United States
We may think of video games as being fun, but in The Art of Failure, Jesper Juul claims that this is almost entirely mistaken. When we play video games, our facial expressions are rarely those of happiness or bliss. Instead, we frown, grimace, and shout in frustration as we lose, or die, or fail to advance to the next level. Humans may have a fundamental desire to succeed and feel competent, but game players choose to engage in an activity in which they are nearly certain to fail and feel incompetent. So why do we play video games even though they make us unhappy? Juul examines this paradox. In video games, as in tragic works of art, literature, theater, and cinema, it seems that we want to experience unpleasantness even if we also dislike it. Reader or audience reaction to tragedy is often explained as catharsis, as a purging of negative emotions. But, Juul points out, this doesn't seem to be the case for video game players. Games do not purge us of unpleasant emotions; they produce them in the first place. What, then, does failure in video game playing do? Juul argues that failure in a game is unique in that when you fail in a game, you (not a character) are in some way inadequate. Yet games also motivate us to play more, in order to escape that inadequacy, and the feeling of escaping failure (often by improving skills) is a central enjoyment of games. Games, writes Juul, are the art of failure: the singular art form that sets us up for failure and allows us to experience it and experiment with it. The Art of Failure is essential reading for anyone interested in video games, whether as entertainment, art, or education.
A review of tropical deforestation : development policy and forest research
Language death and revival : the revival of Cornish as a minority language in Cornwall, UK - a case study
Why most things fail : evolution, extinction and economics
World deforestation in the twentieth century
Multilingualism in Italy, past and present
Language endangerment and language revitalization
Air pollution and forest decline : proceedings of the 14th International Meeting for Specialists in Air Pollution Effects on Forest Ecosystems, International Union of Forest Research Organizations Project Group P2.05 held at Interlaken, Switzerland, 2-8 October, 1988
Minority languages and group identity : cases and categories
Forest habitat loss and fragmentation in Central Poland during the last 100 years
Sustaining linguistic diversity : endangered and minority languages and language varieties
No time to waste : poverty and the global environment
Deforestation or development in the third world: concepts and causality revisited
Conservation through the looking glass : the case of Central America
Forest ecology. Vol. 2, Plant form, diversity, communities and succession
The vanishing forest : the human consequences of deforestation : a report for the Independent Commission on International Humanitarian Issues
Endangered languages : language loss and community response
Splat the Cat. The name of the game
Vanishing voices : the extinction of the world's languages
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
Aspects of the Chakali language
The theory of island biogeography
1177 B.C. : the year civilization collapsed
Forests and livelihoods : the social dynamics of deforestation in developing countries
Forest restoration in landscapes : beyond planting trees
A dynamic model of terrestrial carbon cycling response to land-use change
Global tropical forest cover assessments using satellite imagery
Tribes and analogous people In India : contemporary issues
Anthropogenic effects on immune function, reproduction and nestmate recognition in Formica ants
UNESCO Redbook of endangered languages
Forests and development : local, national, and global issues
Top dog : the science of winning and losing
Endangered languages and languages in danger : issues of documentation, policy, and language rights
Public policies and the misuse of forest resources : a World Resources Institute book
The fuelwood trap : a study of the SADCC region
Ruins / edited by Brian Dillon
Deforestation in Chile : a historical review
Tropical forests and their development strategies in China
Losers' consent : elections and democratic legitimacy
Tropical forest conservation and protection : political issues and policy considerations
Language endangerment : disappearing metaphors and shifting conceptualizations
Blue moon : a novel
Forest resource, economy and environment
How to disappear : erase your digital footprint, leave false trails, and vanish without a trace
Dying words : endangered languages and what they have to tell us
Spoken here : travels among threatened languages
Modelling deforestation processes : a review
On the death and life of languages
Diving in and stepping back : exploring the object in environmental art
Fibre supply: the achilles heel of the global pulp and paper industry
Climate and geo-sciences : a challenge for science and society in the 21st century
Bad harvest? : the timber trade and the degradation of the world's forests
Deforestation or development in the third world?
The pine grospeak, Pinicola enucleator, a species that has disappeared from the Kilpisjärvi region
External factors influencing Latin American forests: role of the Inter-American Development Bank in reducing deforestation
Bounce : how to bounce back from just about anything
The final forest : the battle for the last great trees of The Pacific Northwest
What I learned losing a million dollars
Habitat fragmentation and landscape change : an ecological and conservation synthesis
Avoided deforestation : prospects for mitigating climate change
Ecology and impacts of nonnative salmonids with special reference to brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis Mitchill) in North Europe
The ousting of Etruscan by Latin in Etruria : (studies in the Romanization of Etruria) : 3
A world without bees
The world of words
Soil erosion and strategic state policy : the case of Ethiopia
Dispatches from the deep woods
Deforestation and development: a compound issue for Brazil
Modelling deforestation in the humid tropics
Language in danger : the loss of linguistic diversity and the threat to our future
Inter-relationship between the forest owning tribes and the plainsmen in Northeast India : the evolution of ethics
Northeast Asia
Roots of deforestation problems in Ethiopia
The art of failure : an essay on the pain of playing video games
The conservation atlas of tropical forests Africa
Current studies on South American languages : Contribuciones seleccionadas del 50 Congreso Internacional de Americanistas en Varsovia y del Taller Spinoza de Lenguas Amerindias en Leiden, 2000 = Selected papers from the 50th International Congress of Americanists in Warsaw and the Spinoza Workshop on Amerindian Languages in Leiden, 2000
Materials on languages in danger of disappearing in the Asia-Pacific region. No. 1, Some endangered languages of Papua New Guinea : Kaki Ae, Musom, and Aribwatsa
The future of Language
Handbook of weather, climate, and water : atmospheric chemistry, hydrology, and societal impacts
Language death
Understanding language change
