http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16746 youth unemployment
youth unemployment
Training without jobs : new deals and broken promises : from raising the school leaving age to the Youth Training Scheme
The youth labor market problem : its nature, causes, and consequences
Rural futures? : finding one's place within changing labour markets
Intergenerational solidarity
Youth employment in Sub-Saharan Africa
"Lost in Transition tells the story of the 'lost generation' that came of age in Japan's deep economic recession in the 1990s. The book argues that Japan is in the midst of profound changes that have had an especially strong impact on the young generation. The country's renowned 'permanent employment system' has unraveled for young workers, only to be replaced by temporary and insecure forms of employment. The much-admired system of moving young people smoothly from school to work has frayed. The book argues that these changes in the very fabric of Japanese postwar institutions have loosened young people's attachment to school as the launching pad into the world of work and loosened their attachment to the workplace as a source of identity and security. The implications for the future of Japanese society - and the fault lines within it - loom large"--
Youth unemployment and vocational training : the material and social standing of young people during transition from school to work : conference report
Training for everyone : a guide to the planning of innovative training and employment projects for unemployed young people in the European Community
The making of a new underclass among the unemployed youth? : emerging social exclusion, the mechanisms of integration and the need for active and network-based employment strategies
Youth policy and social inclusion : critical debates with young people
Education and unemployment : state dependence in unemployment among young people in the 1990s
Labour relations and youth employment in the post-Soviet period
Economic globalization and youth employment = Jingji quanqiuhua yu qingnian jiuye
Facing the future : young people and unemployment around the world
Taxes, nudges, and conformity : essays in labor and behavioral economics
Equal opportunities, true options or hidden unemployment : a comparative perspective on labour-market marginality
Education and work : the views of the young
Young and unemployed in Scandinavia : a Nordic comparative study
Justice, charity, and the welfare state : moral and social dimensions
Criminology and Social Policy
Do Payroll Tax Cuts Raise Youth Employment? We study whether payroll tax reductions are an effective means to raise youth employment. In 2007, the Swedish employer-paid payroll tax was cut on a large scale for young workers, substantially reducing labor costs for this group. Using the variation in payroll taxes across cohorts, we estimate a significant, but small, impact both on employment and on wages. Effects of Taxes on Youth Self-Employment and Income. I examine the link between taxes and youth self-employment. I make use of a Swedish reform that made the payroll tax and the self-employment tax vary by age. The results suggest that youth self-employment is insensitive to tax reductions, both in the short run and in the somewhat longer run. For those defined as self-employed, I find positive effects on income from self-employment, and negative effects on income from wage employment. Can Indifference Make the World Greener? We conducted a natural field experiment at a large university in Sweden to evaluate the effects of two resource conservation programs. The first intervention consisted of a campaign that actively tried to convince people to cut back on printing in general, and to use double-sided printing whenever possible. The second intervention exploited people's tendency to stick with pre-set alternatives. At random points in time we changed the printers’ default settings, from single-sided to double-sided printing. Whereas the moral appeal had no impact, the default change cut paper use by 15 percent. The Origins of Behavioral Contagion: Evidence from a Field Experiment on Facebook. We explore the micro-level foundations of behavioral contagion by running a natural field experiment on the networking site Facebook. Members of Facebook express positive support to content on the website by clicking a Like button. We show that users are more prone to support content if someone else has done so before.
Italy - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Why are adults in their twenties and thirties boomeranging back to or never leaving their parents' homes in the world's wealthiest countries? Acclaimed sociologist Newman addresses this phenomenon in this timely and original book that uncovers fascinating links between globalization and the failure-to-launch trend.
Unemployment in a segmented labour market? : a study of youth unemployment in Norway
Luxembourg - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exclusion from the labour market
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Korean labor market after the 1997 economic crisis
The employment effects of training and temporary employment schemes on youth labour market
Programme for research and actions on the development of the labour market. Youth unemployment policies : final report
Abstract (1 s.).
Young people and families : en/countering social exclusion
Work opportunities of young people
Understanding youth in late modernity
Youth unemployment in Finland : youth unemployment and workshops as a labour market programme for integration
Social work in an international perspective
Economics and youth violence : crime, disadvantage, and community
Youth employment in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Marginalization and youth sub-cultures
Youth rising? : the politics of youth in the global economy
Preventing alcohol and tobacco problems. Volume 1, The addiction market : consumption, production and policy development
Construction of youth
The encounter of high unemployment among youth : A Nordic perspective ; Ilse Julkunen, Ira Malmberg-Heimonen
Crime, unemployment and labor market programs in turbulent times
Employment practice and policies in youth, community and play work : in pursuit of fairness at work
An analysis of the relationship between Russian youth and an unstable society
Nordic response to a pan-European challenge : integration: a job and a role in society for all young men and women
Young people in rural areas of Europe
Youth in Europe : a statistical portrait
Voices of rural youth : a break with traditional patterns? : policies and young people in rural development (PAYPIRD)
The time of youth : work, social change, and politics in Africa
"How do economic conditions such as poverty, unemployment, inflation, and economic growth impact youth violence? Economics and Youth Violence provides a much-needed new perspective on this crucial issue. Pinpointing the economic factors that are most important, the editors and contributors in this volume explore how different kinds of economic issues impact children, adolescents, and their families, schools, and communities. Offering new and important insights regarding the relationship between macroeconomic conditions and youth violence across a variety of times and places, chapters cover such issues as the effect of inflation on youth violence; new quantitative analysis of the connection between race, economic opportunity, and violence; and the cyclical nature of criminal backgrounds and economic disadvantage among families. Highlighting the complexities in the relationship between economic conditions, juvenile offenses, and the community and situational contexts in which their connections are forged, Economics and Youth Violence prompts important questions that will guide future research on the causes and prevention of youth violence. Contributors: Sarah Beth Barnett, Eric P. Baumer, Philippe Bourgois, Shawn Bushway, Philip J. Cook, Robert D. Crutchfield, Linda L. Dahlberg, Mark Edberg, Jeffrey Fagan, Xiangming Fang, Curtis S. Florence, Ekaterina Gorislavsky, Nancy G. Guerra, Karen Heimer, Janet L. Lauritsen, Jennifer L. Matjasko, James A. Mercy, Matthew Phillips, Richard Rosenfeld, Tim Wadsworth, Valerie West, Kevin T. Wolff Richard Rosenfeld is Curators Professor of Criminology and Criminal Justice at the University of Missouri - St. Louis. Mark Edberg is Associate Professor at the George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services. Xiangming Fang is Professor of Economics and Director of the International Center for Applied Economics and Policy in the College of Economics and Management at China Agricultural University. Curtis S. Florence is the lead health economist for the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCIPC)".
Education, unemployment and labour markets
Helping young people along the path from school to work : ESF project examples
Social security for young people
The nature of adolescence
Employment, unemployment,  marginalization : studies on contemporary labour markets
France - Single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exclusion from the labour market; promoting equal opportunities for men and women in the labour market
The Netherlands : single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Essays on work and pay
Activating the young unemployed into education? : studies on the effects of a recent policy in Finland and on the hidden rationalities among uneducated young people
Youth unemployment and vocational training : an attempt to summarize the most important conclusions drawn during five years of work on the subject
Value change and value marginality of a generation : ethnic differences in communist and post-communist Estonia
"Lost in Transition tells the story of the 'lost generation' that came of age in Japan's deep economic recession in the 1990s. The book argues that Japan is in the midst of profound changes that have had an especially strong impact on the young generation. The country's renowned 'permanent employment system' has unraveled for young workers, only to be replaced by temporary and insecure forms of employment. The much-admired system of moving young people smoothly from school to work has frayed. The book argues that these changes in the very fabric of Japanese postwar institutions have loosened young people's attachment to school as the launching pad into the world of work and have loosened their attachment to the workplace as a source of identity and security. The implications for the future of Japanese society - and the fault lines within it - loom large"--
Lost in transition : youth, work, and instability in postindustrial Japan
Youth without work : three countries approach the problem
Youth unemployment and society
A leap forward or a ride on a carousel?
Youth and employment in modern Britain
Preparing youth for the 21st century : the transition from education to the labour market : proceedings of the Washington D.C. conference, 23-24 February 1999.
Thematic study on policy measures concerning disadvantaged youth
Youth and leisure
Social exclusion among young people
Germany - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Schooling ordinary kids : inequality, unemployment, and the new vocationalism
The psychological impact of unemployment
Taking the strain : families, unemployment and the transition to adulthood
For richer, for poorer : growing up in and out of work
Foucault and a politics of confession in education
Spain - Community support framework 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Education, training and work : some commonwealth responses to youth employment
Mapping youth transitions in Europe
Youth, globalization and employment : local perspectives
United Kingdom : single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of people exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Social and material deprivation among unemployed youth in Northern Europe
Joined-up youth research, policy and practice : a new agenda for change?
Youth unemployment and social exclusion in Europe : a comparative study
Youth and employment in Sub-Saharan Africa : working but poor
Belgium - Community support framework : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exclusion from the labour market
Evaluating social programs : active labor market policies and social insurance
World youth report 2003 : the global situation of young people
Generation jobless? : turning the youth unemployment crisis into opportunity
Summary and discussion.
European Employment Observatory Review : Youth employment measures 2010
Denmark : single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 3: combating long-term unemployment and facilitating the integration into working life of young people and of persons exposed to exlusion from the labour market
Youth : unemployment, identity and policy
The unemployed : policies and services : report from working group 9, 13th regional symposium on social welfare
Implementing the European employment strategy : the challenges of integrating young people into the labour market, long-term unemployment and equal opportunities
Towards an action theory for social work : five essays
Effects of youth unemployment
The living conditions of young people in Sweden : on the crisis of the 1990s, social conditions and health
Growing up with unemployment : a longitudinal study of its psychological impact
"In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena. This book brings together international scholars and researchers inspired by the work of Michel Foucault, to explore in detail what happens when these practices of confession become part of our lives and ways of being in education. The authors argue that they are not neutral, but political and powerful in their effects in shaping and governing people; they examine confession as discursive and contemporary practice so as to provoke critical thought.International in scope and pioneering in the detail of its scrutiny of such practices, this book extends contemporary understanding of the exercise of power and politics of confessional practices in education and learning, and offers an alternative way of thinking of them. The book will be of value to educational practitioners, scholars, researchers and students, interested in the politics of their own practices"-- "In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena".
Varying unemployment experiences? : the economy and mental well-being
Youth unemployment during the period of socioeconomic transition : the case of Estonia
Learning to fail : how society lets young people down
Being young and unemployed : reactions and actions in Northern Europe
Youth and life management : research perspectives
Wage differential between young and adults and its relation with youth unemployment
Young people, social policy and social exclusion
Youth unemployment and marginalisation in Northern Europe
Youth unemployment : a crisis in our midst : the role of lifelong guidance policies in addressing labour supply and demand
Education and the youth labour market : schooling and scheming
A nagging sense of job insecurity : the new reality facing Japanese youth
Taking the knocks : youth unemployment and biography - a qualitative analysis
Measures for unemployed young people in the European Union : summary
The accordion family : boomerang kids, anxious parents, and the private toll of global competition
