http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16760 botanists
botanists
A naturalist in western China : with vasculum, camera, and gun
Linnaeus : nature and nation
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
New world botany : Columbus to Darwin
Daniel Solander : collected correspondence, 1753-1782
Kalm was in order the fifth Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Kalm supervised one thesis, which introduces some past and current botanists. Kalm was focused on medicine
Arthur Harry Chuch : the anatomy of flowers
Linnaeus : progress and prospects in Linnaean research
Pilgrimage for plants
Hewett Cottrell Watson : Victorian plant ecologist and evolutionist
Dictionary of British and Irish botanists and horticulturists : including plant collectors and botanical artists
Matthias Kalm (1793-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Recollecting Edvard August Vainio
The Tradescants : their plants, gardens and museum 1570-1662
The letters of Dominique Chaix, botanist-curé
From Finland to Japan to New Guinea to China - that is Timo Koponen, bryologist
The botanical journeys of A. K. Cajander and J. I. Lindroth to Karelia and Onega River in 1898 and 1899, with a list of their bryophyte and lichen collections
Wildflowers across America
Shaping ecology : the life of Arthur Tansley
Johan Ernst Adhemar Wirzén - the last demonstrator in botany at Alexander University
Peter Kalm's North American journey : its ideological background and results
Lars Johan Prytz was the Demonstrator in Botany (1813-1820) at the Imperial Academy of Åbo, Russia (Finland today). His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis De Styrace supervised by Professor Carl Peter Thunberg presented known species of Styrax. Prytz supervised 15 doctoral theses, of which eleven have botanical content and three provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. He aimed to complete a brief Flora Fennica, but it was never finished. In six published parts 277 species in 123 genera are characterized. Later one unpublished manuscript was edited by Hj. Hjelt. Consequently, the total number of species presented is 314 in 136 genera. Monocotyledons and ferns were not included. All in all, Prytz announced ca. 15 new plants to Finland..
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
Makers of North American botany
Risto Tuomikoski as a vegetation researcher and ecologist
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
The signature of all things
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
America's curious botanist : a tercentennial reappraisal of John Bartram, 1699-1777
Lloyd Herbert Shinners : by himself
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 5, Da-Di
Imperial nature : Joseph Hooker and the practices of Victorian science
Botanical exploration of Southern Africa : an illustrated history of early botanical literature on the Cape flora : biographical accounts of the leading plant collectors and their activities in Southern Africa from the days of the East India Company until modern times
The aliveness of plants : the Darwins at the dawn of plant science
Biographical notes upon botanists
Viktor Ferdinand Brotherus and his collection of letters
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
Book review : Professor Risto Tuomikoski Memorial Issue
Professor Risto Tuomikoski memorial issue
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 2, Be-Bo
The paper road : archive and experience in the botanical exploration of West China and Tibet
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 6, Do-E
Cactaceae of South America : the Ritter Collections
Biographical introduction
Plant tissue culture : 100 years since Gottlieb Haberlandt
The Proceedings of the André Michaux International Symposium : a symposium held in Belmont, North Carolina, May 16-17, 2002
Foundations of southeastern botany: an annotated bibliography of southeastern American botanical explorers prior to 1824
Sir Joseph Dalton Hooker, traveller and plant collector
Plant systematics research in Australasia
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Volume 6, Sti-Vuy
Lars Johan Laurentius Johannes Prytz, Demonstator in Botany at Imperial Åbo Academy
Seppo Eurola at 60 years
S. O. Lindberg's bryological reports in Finnish newspapers : critically annotated facsimile collection
William Nylander (1822-1899) and lichen taxonomy
Cassini on Compositae. 3, Collected from the Journal de physique, de chimie, d'histoire naturelle et des arts and from the Annales des sciences naturelles
One river : explorations and discoveries in the Amazon rain forest
Flower hunters
Francisco José de Caldas : a scientist at work in Nueva Granada
The prince of botanists, Carl Linnæus
A botanical pioneer in South West China : experiences and impressions of an Austrian botanist during the first world war
Wallenius was the Demonstrator in Botany (1800-1805) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In his own thesis supervised by Professor Carl Niclas Hellenius was introduced surrogate food to compensate grain due to the repeated years of crop failures in 18th century. That theme was repeated by him also in some publications. He supervised six theses with botanical content, of which two provided important historical information of Åbo Akademi Botanical Gardens. In thesis of genus Ammi one species is described as new to science, Ammi boerberi Höckert. This neglected name is synonymous to A. majus L. Höckert was third one in Finland who described a new species to science.
Plants, people & places : the plant lover's companion
Anders Dahl (1751-1789) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
The biography of professor Risto Tuomikoski: Bryologist, entomologist, linguistic, mycologist, vegetation scientist and ecologist
Flora of the Guianas : supplementary series. Fasc. 1, Index of Guyana plant collectors
The written work of Ilmari Hustich
Rutström, Carol Birger (1758-1826) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
Sex, botany & empire : the story of Carl Linnaeus and Joseph Banks
Justander was in order the third Demonstrator in Botany (1789-1794) at Åbo Akademi. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Justanders personal history is not well known. He defended to both Carl Niclas Hellenius and Pehr Adrian Gadd one theses, and supervised one himself, in order to obtain a docentship at Åbo Akademi. In that one new species, Festuca obliqua, and its four varietes are described as new. These validly published names have completely been overlooked. All material was probably lost at the Great Fire of Åbo in 1827.
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Carl Linnaeus and enlightened science in Spain
Rutström was in order the fourth Demonstrator in Botany (1794-1798) at Åbo Akademi. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. In 1794 he supervised a thesis on Swedish cryptogams. It presents 20 species, including descriptions of one new fungal species, Peziza ucreolata (later homonym to P. ucreolata Vahl) and three lichens. Peziza urceolata Rutstr. is considered to be Lasiobelonium corticale (Pers.) Raitv. The new lichens were Lichen anceps, L. demissus and L. cumatilis¸ today Bacidia rosella (Pers.) De Not.var. anceps (Rutstr.) Ach., Psora demissa (Rutstr.) Stein. and Lobaria amplissima (Scop.) Forssell, respectively. In 1798 he moved back to Sweden.
Linnaeus : the man and his work
The plant hunters
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 7, F-Frer
Compilation of Musci in Symbolae sinicae in the light of H. Handel-Mazzetti's letters to V. F. Brotherus
Family background of Peter Forsskål, Linnaean disciple born in Finland
Scandinavians who have contributed to the knowledge of the flora of North America
Johannes Gustavus Justander (1764-1833) - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Joseph Dalton Hooker : botanist, explorer, and administrator
Dahl was the second Demonstrator in Botany (1786-1789) at Åbo Akademi. He died soon after arriving to Åbo (Turku), and his career here is poorly known. The main duty of demonstrators were to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. Dahl sent to Åbo a considerable herbarium prior to his arrival. It included 6000 specimens, of which about 1000 had once belonged to Herbarium Linnaeanum, but donated to Claes Alströmer, Dahls employer at Alingsås, Christinedahl, Västra Götaland in Sweden. That herbarium, like all collections at Åbo, were almost completely burn in 1827 in the Great Fire of Åbo. The number of exsisting specimens in Herbarium Dahlianum at University of Helsinki, Botanical Museum is 215. It includes specimens once owned by e.g. Pehr Kalm, Carl von Linné the Elder and Younger, Peter Simon Pallas, Carl Peter Thunberg and Martin Vahl.
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
Plant taxonomic expertise : an inventory for southern Africa
Plants from the edge of the world : new explorations in the Far East
Carolus Clusius : towards a cultural history of a Renaissance naturalist
Authors of plant names : a list of authors of scientific names of plants, with recommended standard forms of their names, including abbreviations
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Diary of a journey through the Carolinas, Georgia and Florida : from July 1, 1765 to April 10, 1766
Johan Fredrik Wallenius - Demonstrator in Botany at old Åbo Akademi
Cassini on Compositae. 2, Collected from the Bulletin des sciences par la Société philomatique de Paris
Daniel Carl Solander, naturalist on the "Endeavour."
Carl Linnaeus : pioneer of modern botany
God is an astronaut
Travels in Georgia and Florida, 1773-74 : a report to Dr. John Fothergill
The Tuomikoski letters to Herman Persson. A tribute to the tradition of Nordic field bryology
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Carl Peter Thunberg : botanist and physician : career-building across the oceans in the eighteenth century
Wirzén was the last Demonstrator in Botany (1839-1852) at Alexander University, elsinki, Finland. His main duty was to instruct medical students on the subject of medicinal plants. He gave also lectures on officinal plants and plant taxonomy, and private lessons on plant physiology. He supervised six theses. In his own dissertation were given several erroneous records concerning vascular plants distributions in Finland. However, it was the first attemp to define the borders of biogeographical Finland. In 1833-1835 he studied Russian flora at Kazan University, on the Volga River. Based on field excursions there, he supervised a thesis In geographica plantarum per partem provinciae Casanensis distributione illustranda periculum. Two species new to science were described, viz. Echinospermum casanense and Stellaria mollis, and seven new varieties. Corresponding specimens have not been found in the Finnish Museum of Natural History, Botanical Museum (H). Wirzen's new names have been completely overlooked by Russian and other taxonomists. Wirzén was considered to be a relatively weak botanist, but as a doctor of medicine he fared better..
The vascular plant and miscellaneous publications of Risto Tuomikoski
Emanuel D. Rudolph's studies in the history of North American botany : with an appendix: Relationships between science and religion
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 8, Fres-G
Early observations on the flora of Southwest Ireland : selected letters of Ellen Hutchins and Dawson Turner 1807-1814
Flora of the Guianas : supplementary series. Fasc. 2, Index of Suriname plant collectors
The brother gardeners  : botany, empire and the birth of an obsession
Pehr Kalm : a Finnish visitor to the Chilterns in 1748
Taxonomic literature : a selective guide to botanical publications and collections with dates, commentaries and types. Supplement 4, Ce-Cz
