http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16742 bioethics
bioethics
Assembling health rights in global context : genealogies and anthropologies
Virtue ethics, bioethics and the ownership of biological material
Creation ethics : reproduction, genetics, and quality of life
Body parts : property rights and the ownership of human biological materials
Handbook of global bioethics
Bioethics and secular humanism : the search for a common morality
Innovation and liability in biotechnology : transnational and comparative perspectives
Natural personalism : a secular rearrangement of Catholic themes in bioethics
The ethical animal
Bioethics : issues and perspectives
The (im)morality of (un)naturalness
Standard of care : the law of American bioethics
Experiments with man : report of an ecumenical consultation
The data protection directive and medical research across Europe
Textbook of palliative medicine
Building bioethics : conversations with Clouser and friends on medical ethics
The ethics of animal re-creation and modification : reviving, rewilding, restoring
Who should decide and why? : the futility of philosophy, sociology and law in institutionalised bioethics and unwarrantability of ethics committees
Bioethics in the age of new media
Human dignity and bioethics
The feminist transformation of bioethics : an analysis of theoretical perspectives and practical applications in feminist bioethics
Ethics consultation : from theory to practice
Ethical eye : cloning
FAO readings in ethics
Your life or mine : how geoethics can resolve the conflict between public and private interests in xenotransplantation
Against bioethics
The freedom of a Christian : grace, vocation, and the meaning of our humanity
The discourse of human dignity
The role of traditional knowledge in the conservation of biological diversity
Ethics and the new reproductive technologies : on listening to feminism
Bioethical issues, sociological perspectives
Perfecting pregnancy : law, disability, and the future of reproduction
Imagining Science : art, science, and social change
Bioethics : bridge to the future
Governing biobanks : understanding the interplay between law and practice
The role of sense and sensibility in bioethics
The interface between assisted reproductive technologies and genetics: technical, social, ethical and legal issues
Animal-to-human transplants : the ethics of xenotransplantation
The value of life
Deciding together : bioethics and moral consensus
Retrieving the natural law : a return to moral first things
Effective learning in the life sciences : how students can achieve their full potential
FAO ethics series
Suffering and dignity in the twilight of life
Ethics of the professions : medicine, business, media, law
Genetic screening : ethical issues
Biotechnology
Bioethics and biolaw : Vol. 2 : four ethical principles
High hopes and automatic escalators : a critique of some new arguments in bioethics
A terrible beauty is born : clones, genes and the future of mankind
Understanding bioethics and the law : the promises and perils of the brave new world of biotechnology
The foundations of bioethics
Bioetikk, evtanasi og omsorg : rapport fra Nordisk teologisk nettverk for bioetikks workshop i Helsinki 26.-28. september 1997
Open consent - a new form of informed consent for population genetic databases
Human cloning : four fallacies and their legal consequences
Global bioethics
Medical law and ethics
Developing world bioethics
Instruction on respect for human life in its origin and on the dignity of procreation : replies to certain questions of the day : [Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, February 22, 1987]
Inauguration of the UNESCO International School of Science for Peace : first forum of the international scientific panel on: "possible consequences of the misuse of biological sciences", Villa Olmo, Como, Italy 3-6 December 1997
Stages on life's way : Orthodox thinking on bioethics
Private bodies, public texts : race, gender, and a cultural bioethics
For what purpose can human stem cells be used? : a theological view point
Public health : ethical issues
Futures of reproduction : bioethics and biopolitics
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Stories and their limits : Narrative Approaches to Bioethics
Bringing life to ethics : global bioethics for a humane society
Philosophy of medicine and bioethics : a twenty-year retrospective and critical appraisal
The political animal : biology, ethics and politics
Bioethics and biolaw : Vol. 1 : judgement of life
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 1, ABO-DEA
Improving nature? : the science and ethics of genetic engineering
Genes, sense and sensibility : philosophical studies on the ethics of modern biotechnologies
New ways of making babies : the case of egg donation
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 5, SAN-ZOO
A series of essays that examine the meaning of Christian freedom; the relationship between Christian freedom and obedience; questions regarding obedience, vocation, and responsibility to family and country; and the ethics of genetic engineering, stem cell research, and end-of-life decisions.
E pluribus unum. Scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
"John Coggon argues that the important question for analysts in the fields of public health law and ethics is 'what makes health public?' He offers a conceptual and analytic scrutiny of the salient issues raised by this question, outlines the concepts entailed in, or denoted by, the term 'public health' and argues why and how normative analyses in public health are inquiries in political theory. The arguments expose and explain the political claims inherent in key works in public health ethics. Coggon then develops and defends a particular understanding of political liberalism, describing its implications for critical study of public health policies and practices. Covering important works from legal, moral, and political theory, public health, public health law and ethics, and bioethics, this is a foundational text for scholars, practitioners and policy bodies interested in freedoms, rights and responsibilities relating to health"--
Secular bioethics in theological perspective
Future bioethics : overcoming taboos, myths, and dogmas
Utiliariasm and bioethics
The human embryonic stem cell debate : science, ethics and public policy
Translational stem cell research : issues beyond the debate on the moral status of the human embryo
International survey of laws on assisted procreation / Recueil international de lois sur la procréation assistée / réuni et édité par Jan Stepan
Just life : bioethics and the future of sexual difference
Women and prenatal testing : facing the challenges of genetic technology
Legal limitations on genetic research and the commercialization of its results
This book gives a theologically satisfying discussion of health and disease that addresses key areas neglected by medical ethicists. We use such words as "health," "disease," and "illness" all the time without stopping to consider exactly what we understand by them. Yet their meanings are far from straightforward, and disagreements over them have important practical consequences in health care and bioethics. In this book, Neil Messer develops a distinctive and innovative theological account of these concepts. He engages in earnest with debates in the philosophy of medicine and disability studies and draws on a wide array of theological resources including Barth, Bonhoeffer, Aquinas, and recent disability theologies. By enabling us to understand health in the wider perspective of the flourishing and ultimate destiny of human beings, Messer's Flourishing sheds new light on a range of practical bioethical issues and dilemmas. Review: Celia Deane-Drummond--University of Notre Dame"In this lively and informative book Neil Messer demonstrates his intellectual alacrity by engaging in a careful and thoughtful way with some of the most pressing issues facing those in the health caring professions. . . . His achievement is to produce a critical framework for thinking through difficult and highly charged bioethical problems and illustrating this by close attention to particular examples, drawn from particular medical cases and disability studies. . . . Flourishing deserves to be widely read, not just by specialists in theological bioethics, but also by health practitioners and other health professionals."Robert Song--Durham University" Perplexity over the nature of health, disease, and illness lies behind many of the most intractable debates in contemporary medicine. In this attractive and consistently well-judged exploration of the nature of human flourishing, Neil Messer draws from Barth and Aquinas to give a decisively theological account which nevertheless richly integrates a range of philosophical and scientific insights. It is an impressive work, and will be an invaluable reference-point for future work in theological bioethics."Stephen J. Pope--Boston College" Neil Messer's Flourishing offers an informed, balanced, and thoughtful theological approach to health, disease, and disability. It offers a fair-minded and nuanced analysis that will interest experts in health care ethics. His constructive proposal is based on a carefully worked out version of teleological Barthian Thomism' that combines speculative creativity with practical compassion."
Surgical consent : bioethics and cochlear implantation
Human cloning and human dignity : the report of the President's Council on Bioethics
"Ethical Problems and Genetics Practice provides a rich, case-based account of the ethical issues arising in the genetics clinic and laboratory. By analysing a wide range of evocative and often arresting cases from practice, Michael Parker provides a compelling insight into the complex moral world of the contemporary genetics professional and the challenges they face in the care of patients and their families. This book is essential reading for anyone interested in the ethical issues arising in everyday genetics practice. Ethical Problems and Genetics Practice is also a sustained engagement with the relationships between bioethics and social science. In proposing and exemplifying a new approach to bioethics, it makes a significant contribution to debates on methods and interdisciplinarity and will therefore also appeal to all those concerned with theoretical and methodological approaches to bioethics and social science"--
What is bioethics all about? : a start
Science for sane societies
A handbook of bioethics terms
Basic ethical principles in European bioethics and biolaw. 1, Autonomy, dignity, integrety and vulnerability
Introduction : bioethics : what lies under the surface?
Mason and McCall Smith's law and medical ethics
Encyclopedia of ethical, legal, and policy issues in biotechnology
Recombinant DNA and biotechnology : a guide for teachers
To relieve the human condition : bioethics, technology, and the body
Basic ethical principles in European bioethics and biolaw. 2, Partners' research
The human genome project in college curriculum : ethical issues and practical strategies
The chapters in this book are the reviewed and edited keynote presentations from the 7th International Conference hosted by the Skådalen Resource Centre and the Department of Special Needs Education in Oslo, March 19th and 20th, 2007. The conference was designed to engage researchers, professionals and parents on essential contemporary issues related to the education of the deaf children and their transitions into adulthood. The authors therefore spread over the fields of education, medicine, philosophy, psychology, social anthropology and linguistics  covering many of the issues that are relevant growing up with a hearing loss. The aim of the conference was to trace and identify some of the main features of existing and emerging educational discourse(s), their affiliations with other prevailing discourses and the development and articulation of coherent and useful discourses for educators and other stakeholders concerned with the educational development of deaf learners. This publication will be of interest to a range of individuals including, teachers, parents, researchers, sign linguists, speech and language therapists, teacher educators and those working in the fields of audiology and auditory education.
Sin no more : from abortion to stem cells, understanding crime, law, and morality in America
Disclosure dilemmas : ethics of genetic prognosis after the 'right to know/not to know' debate
Bioethics : principles, issues, and cases
Flourishing : health, disease, and bioethics in theological perspective
Genetic information, rights, and autonomy
Safety and ethics in healthcare : a guide to getting it right
Against relativism : cultural diversity and the search for ethical universals in medicine
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 2, D-H
Embryo research in pluralistic Europe
"This book provides a sophisticated yet accessible account of emerging trends in stem cell research and their accompanying ethical issues"--
The biological foundations of bioethics
The ethics of research biobanking
The contingent nature of life : bioethics and limits of human existence
Practical ethics
The Sage handbook of modern Japanese studies
Fritz Jahr and the foundations of global bioethics : the future of integrative bioethics
God with us : critical issues in Christian life and faith
Respecting life : theology and bioethics
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 3, I-M
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 3, IAT-MUL
Ethical problems and genetics practice
"Prenatal and preimplantation testing technologies have offered unprecedented access to information about the genetic and congenital makeup of our prospective progeny. Future developments such as preconception testing, non-intrusive prenatal testing and more extensive preimplantation testing promise to increase that access further still. The result may be greater reproductive choice, but it also increases the burden on women and men to avail themselves of these technologies in order to avoid having a child with a disability. The overwhelming question for legislators has been whether and, if so, how to regulate the use of these technologies in the face of compelling but seemingly contradictory claims about the advancement of reproductive choice and the dangers of eugenic or discriminatory effects. This book examines the evolution of this legislative oversight across a number of jurisdictions and explores the tensions and ambiguities that inform these laws"--
Bioethics yearbook. Volume 5, Theological developments in bioethics: 1992-1994
Handbook of bioethics : taking stock of the field from a philosophical perspective
Medical research on children in Europe : for or against human rights?
Contemporary issues in bioethics
Constructing educational discourses on deafness
Chance, choice and responsibility : A responsibility-sensitive egalitarian interpretation of Michael Sandel ̀s argumentation against genetic enhancement
"What do we mean when we talk about rights in relation to health? Where does the language of health rights come from, and what are the implications of using such a discourse? During the last 20 years there have been an increasing number of initiatives and efforts for instance in relation to HIV/AIDS which draw on the language, institutions and procedures of human rights in the field of global health. This book explores the historical, cultural and social context of public health activists' increasing use of rights discourse and examines the problems it can entail in practice. Structured around three interlinked themes, this book begins by looking at how and why some health issues came to be framed as human rights issues. It goes on to look at what health as a human right means for our understandings of citizenship and the political landscape. The final part of the book investigates what happens when health rights are put into practice implemented, realised, cited, ignored and resisted. Health Rights in Global Context provides an in-depth discussion of the historical, social and political context of rights in health and develops much needed critical perspectives on the human rights approach to global health. It will be of interest to scholars of public health and human rights within health care as well as sociology and anthropology"--Provided by publisher.
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 2, DEC-HYP
Principles of international biolaw : seeking common ground at the intersection of bioethics and human rights
Science and morality : new directions in bioethics
Science and the Eastern Orthodox Church
Reasons of conscience : the bioethics debate in Germany
Demagogues, firefighters, and window dressers : who are we and what should we be?
The last walk : reflections on our pets at the end of their lives
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 5, T-X; Appendices; Index
"Draws on experience from a major project conducted by the Centre for Bioscience, with a wide range of collaborators, designed to identify and implement creative teaching in bioscience laboratories and field settings"--Provided by publisher.
Basic questions on genetics, stem cell research and cloning : are these technologies okay to use?
From ethics to biolaw = De l'ethique au biodroit
Scratching the surface of bioethics
The ethical brain
The ethics of life
The Gene-splicing wars : reflections on the recombinant DNA controversy
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 4, N-S
"The potential of the e-health revolution, increased data sharing, database linking, biobanks and new techniques such as geolocation and genomics to advance human health is immense. For the full potential to be realized, though, privacy and confidentiality will have to be dealt with carefully. Problematically, many conventional approaches to such pivotal matters as consent, identifiability, and safeguarding and security are inadequate. In many places, research is impeded by an overgrown thicket of laws, regulations, guidance and governance. The challenges are being heightened by the increasing use of biospecimens, and by the globalization of research in a world that has not globalized privacy protection. Drawing on examples from many developed countries and legal jurisdictions, the book critiques the issues, summarizes various ethics, policy, and legal positions (and revisions underway), describes innovative solutions, provides extensive references and suggests ways forward"--Provided by publisher.
The birth lottery : prenatal diagnosis and selective abortion
Biotechnology in the feed industry : proceedings of Alltech's tenth Annual Symposium
Making babies : biomedical technologies, reproductive ethics, and public policy
A glass darkly : medicine and theology in further dialogue
Ethics of the body : postconventional challenges
Animal rights : what everyone needs to know
Reshaping life : key issues in genetic engineering
The fiction of bioethics : cases as literary texts
The expanding circle : ethics, evolution, and moral progress
The limits to governance : the challenge of policy-making for the new life sciences
For thirty years, Peter Singer's Practical Ethics has been the classic introduction to applied ethics. For this third edition, the author has revised and updated all the chapters and added a new chapter addressing climate change, one of the most important ethical challenges of our generation. Some of the questions discussed in this book concern our daily lives. Is it ethical to buy luxuries when others do not have enough to eat? Should we buy meat from intensively reared animals? Am I doing something wrong if my carbon footprint is above the global average? Other questions confront us as concerned citizens: equality and discrimination on the grounds of race or sex; abortion, the use of embryos for research and euthanasia; political violence and terrorism; and the preservation of our planet's environment.
Privacy, confidentiality, and health research
Individuals, families, and the new era of genetics : biopsychosocial perspectives
Hippocratic, religious, and secular medical ethics : the points of conflict
Health-care ethics : a comprehensive Christian resource
Bioethics in historical perspective
Japanese and Western bioethics : studies in moral diversity
Who owns life?
What makes health public? : a critical evaluation of moral, legal, and political claims in public health
E pluribus unum : scripta in honorem Eerik Lagerspetz sexagesimum annum complentis
Prenatal diagnosis : confronting the ethical issues
Policy debates on reprogenetics : the problematisation of new research in Great Britain and Germany
Principles of medical law. Fourth cumulative supplement, Bringing the main text up to date to 1 September 2001
Bioethics : a primer for Christians
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
An introduction to Catholic ethics since Vatican II
Bioethics and the future of stem cell research
Case studies in biomedical ethics : decision-making, principles, and cases
When science offers salvation : patient advocacy and research ethics
Jeffrey Lockhart's father, Ross, is a billionaire in his sixties, with a younger wife, Artis Martineau, whose health is failing. Ross is the primary investor in a remote and secret compound where death is exquisitely controlled and bodies are preserved until a future time when biomedical advances and new technologies can return them to a life of transcendent promise. Jeff joins Ross and Artis at the compound to say "an uncertain farewell" to her as she surrenders her body. "We are born without choosing to be. Should we have to die in the same manner? Isn't it a human glory to refuse to accept a certain fate?" These are the questions that haunt the novel and its memorable characters, and it is Ross Lockhart, most particularly, who feels a deep need to enter another dimension and awake to a new world. For his son, this is indefensible. Jeff, the book's narrator, is committed to living, to experiencing "the mingled astonishments of our time, here, on earth." Don DeLillo's seductive, spectacularly observed and brilliant new novel weighs the darkness of the world-terrorism, floods, fires, famine, plague-against the beauty and humanity of everyday life; love, awe, "the intimate touch of earth and sun."
Human dignity in bioethics and law
Notes from a narrow ridge : religion and bioethics
Essays on bioethics. R. M. Hare
Evolution of medical tourism : From cottage industry to corporate world
Bioethics and organ transplantation in a Muslim society : a study in culture, ethnography, and religion
Cutting to the core : exploring the ethics of contested surgeries
A short history of medical ethics
A devil's chaplain : reflections on hope, lies, science, and love
Research methodology in the medical and biological sciences
The worth of a child
Encyclopedia of bioethics. Volume 4, NAR-RUS
A companion to bioethics
Informed choice of medical services : is the law just?
Self-enhancement, well-being, and moral worth
Das Menschenrechtsübereinkommen zur Biomedizin des Europarates : taugliches Vorbild für eine weltweit geltende Regelung? = The Convention on Human Rights and biomedicine of the Council of Europe : a suitable model for world-wide regulation?
The new genetics : challenges for science, faith, and politics
The professional guinea pig : Big Pharma and the risky world of human subjects
Playing God? : human genetic engineering and the rationalization of public bioethical debate
Cooperation, complicity and conscience : problems in healthcare, science, law and public policy
Genetic Discrimination and genetic privacy in a comparative perspective
Life : the human being between life and death : a dialogue between medicine and philosophy: recurrent issues and new approaches
Brave new Judaism : when science and scripture collide
The ethics of technological risk
Bioethics
Bioethics : an anthology
Bioetikk og teologi : rapport fra Nordisk teologisk nettverk for bioetikks workshop i Stockholm 27.-29. september 1996
What is wrong with global bioethics? : on the limitations of the four principles approach
