http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16719 epistolary novels
epistolary novels
The Lake of Dreams
Scenes from the epic life of a total genius
Epistolary spaces : English letter writing from the foundation of the Post Office to Richardson's Clarissa
Life on the refrigerator door : A novel in notes
London, January 1946, emerging from the shadow of the Second World War, writer Juliet Ashton is looking for her next book subject. She finds it in a letter from a man she's never met, a native of the island of Guernsey, who has come across her name written inside a book by Charles Lamb. As Juliet and her new correspondent exchange letters, Juliet is drawn into the world of this man and his friends. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was born as a spur-of-the-moment alibi when its members were discovered breaking curfew by the Germans occupying their island.
The Mixquiahuala letters
What about me, too?
Little Wolf's book of badness
Little Wolf's haunted hall for small horrors
When we first meet Bobby, he is a shy, twelve-year-old magician who falls in love with his best friend. William is consumed with self-hate and drinks to escape the memories of his father's sadness and his mother's death. Myles is writing letters to a mother he has never met. Three different people from three different times each explore the dark side of relationships, search for beauty in sadness and try to bear the burden of guilt from living in a world we are powerless to fix.
Gilead
Binding ties : a novel
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
PS, I love you
God is an astronaut
The Guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
Love & friendship
Letters back to ancient China
Epistolary structure in Jane Austen's Lady Susan
A celibate season
From A to X : a story in letters
Addressing the letter : Italian women writers' epistolary fiction
Dear committee members
Ella Minnow Pea : a progressively lipogrammatic epistolary fable
The sorcerer's house
Ladies of letters : take a cheeky peek at Irene and Vera's private correspondence
Things I want my daughters to know
When we were alive
The Sealed Letter
Censored sentiments : letters and censorship in epistolary novels and conduct material
Finnish summary.
Seeing red : a pedagogy of parallax : an epistolary bildungsroman on artful scholarly inquiry
The white tiger
The wrong boy
Letters from Skye : a novel
The Christmas letters : a novella
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
O pioneers! : authoritative text, context and backgrounds, criticism
The collected works of A. J. Fikry
From Wildthyme with love
We need to talk about Kevin : a novel
Every seventh wave
Incendiary
The unlikely pilgrimage of harold fry
Vita brevis : a letter to St Augustine
'A jolly kind of letter' : The documents in the case and Dorothy L. Sayers's correspondence on trial
Zoo, or, Letters not about love
The perks of being a wallflower
Love virtually
The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Priority : a correspondence published by Jean-Luc Foreur
"I thought about not saying that" : (breaking) silence in Lionel Shriver's We need to talk about Kevin
Lesley Castle
And God created the au pair
The sorrows of an American : a novel
Whisper to me
Dear thief
Love letters to the dead!
The raw shark texts
The love letter
New essays on Samuel Richardson
Ancient epistolary fictions : the letter in Greek literature
The last little blue envelope
The color purple
Billy Fidget's family fortunes : the continuing adventures of Billy Fidget
We need to talk about Kevin
Epistolary fiction in Europe, 1500-1850
Four letter word : new love letters
The screwtape letters, and, Screwtape proposes a toast
Ideal : the novel and the play
