http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16814 television networks
television networks
IPTV and Internet video : new markets in television broadcasting
The essential guide to telecommunications
Mobile television : technology and user experiences : report on the Mobile-TV project
Abstract.
Introduction to IP television (IPTV) : why and how companies are providing television through data networks
Intermediality and media change
Integration of interactive applications in digital television
Media in Europe today
Advertising research in the Nordic countries
Secondary spectrum usage in TV white space
One nation under television : the rise and decline of network TV
In The Essential HBO Reader, editors Gary R. Edgerton and Jeffrey P. Jones bring together an accomplished group of scholars to explain how HBO's programming transformed the world of cable television and how the network continues to shape popular culture and the television industry. Now, after more than three and a half decades, HBO has won acclaim in four distinct programming areas - drama, comedy, sports, and documentary - emerging as TV's gold standard for its breakout series and specials. The Essential HBO Reader provides a comprehensive and compelling examination of HBO's development into the prototypical entertainment corporation of the twenty-first century.
National broadband strategy : final report
Designing Info-TV system to Mikpoli
Planning and designing the IP broadcast facility : a new puzzle to solve
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland 2004.
"The transition to computer-based technologies and file-based workflows is one of the most significant changes the broadcast and production industry has seen. Media is produced for multiple delivery platforms: Over the Air, Over the Top, large screen displays, cable, satellite, web, digital signage, tablets, and smartphones. These changes impact all aspects of creation, production, media management, technical operations, business processes, and distribution to end users. Of all the books and papers discussing storage mapping, packet transport, and compression algorithms, none puts all the pieces together and explains where these fit into the whole environment. Planning and Designing the IP Broadcast Facility is the first to provide a comprehensive understanding of the technology architecture, physical facility changes, and--most importantly--the new media management workflows and business processes to support the entire lifecycle of the IP broadcast facility from an engineering and workflow perspective"--
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2002.
Telecommunications transmission handbook
Linear and nonlinear video and TV applications : using IPv6 and IPv6 multicast
Kellogg on advertising and media
Inside the rise of HBO : a personal history of the company that transformed television
Mobile TV : DVB-H, DMB, 3G systems and rich media applications
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
Wireless Systems : Cellular, 3G, Mobile Data, Paging, Satellite, Broadcast and WLAN
Advertising and the mind of the consumer : what works, what doesn't, and why
The business of media distribution : monetizing film, TV and video content in an online world
Quality of service for triple play services in heterogeneous networks
Media promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the Internet
Media-aware broadcasting methods for mobile television
The electronic superhighway : the shape of technology and law to come
Mass media statistics
The multimedia journalist : storytelling for today's media landscape
Networks of power : corporate TV's threat to democracy
Handbook of telecommunications economics. 2, Technology evolution and the Internet
HDTV and the transition to digital broadcasting : understanding new television technologies
The core technologies of the next generation TV
Usability study of Nokia Guestlink interactive hotel television
Understanding digital television : an introduction to DVB systems with satellite, cable, broadband and terrestrial TV
This book is written by media scholars from all over Europe who are members of the Euromedia Research Group. What unites the group is the joint interest of its members in the analysis of media structures and media policy in Europe against the background of contemporary communication theories and concepts. The book has two parts: First, it looks into structural changes in specific media formats such as newspapers, radio, television and online-media. Second, it analyses specific problems and challenges in a comparative way, such as the creation of public sphere(s), the relation between media and
Click : what we do online and why it matters
Introduction to IPTV & HDTV transmission in a heterogeneous network
Making online news : the ethnography of new media production
The Essential HBO reader
Understanding digital terrestrial broadcasting
The one show. volume 35
IPTV or streaming media over IP (internet protocol)
Television regulation and media policy in China
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 3, Visions and implementations
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
Practicing convergence journalism : an introduction to cross-media storytelling
Compact UHF-band antennas for mobile terminals : focus on modelling, implementation, and user interaction
Contemporary world television
"The Business of Media Distribution, Second Edition BCC: "Endorsements" Transform your concepts into profits! Take charge of the film and television industry's most undervalued revenue generator: media distribution. In this updated edition of a bestselling industry staple, experienced media executive Jeffrey C. Ulin relates business theory and practice across key global market segments--film, television, video, and online--providing you with an insider's perspective that can't be found anywhere else. This new edition: Analyzes the growth of social media and social gaming - Discusses distribution of 3D movies and the impact of higher ticket prices - Explores the growing clout of Redbox and Netflix in the home video business - Illustrates how new services like Hulu and Roku are changing the way TV content is distributed - Examines the rise of transmedia storytelling and its impact on distribution - Features a companion website (www.businessofmediadistribution.com), which includes bonus material such as sample forms readers can use in their own media business plans Hollywood stars may make the headlines, but methodical marketing and distribution campaigns work behind the scenes to convert content into cash. Don't miss out! Regardless of your background and training, The Business of Media Distribution, Second Edition delivers the business practices you need to understand and manage the complicated media specialty markets"--
The planning and optimisation of DVB-H radio network
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
Modern electronic communication
Broadband cable TV access networks : from technologies to applications
Multiple perspectives to consumer behaviour in electronic commerce : research findings of the Kelpo project
The television will be revolutionized
The CNN effect : the myth of news foreign policy and intervention
The advertising possibilities in television over the Internet : conceptual framework for an ad paid internet television service
IPTV crash course
Expanding video business models beyond television : case: Live Stream Finland
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Implementing mobile TV : ATSC Mobile DTV, MediaFLO, DVB-H/SH, DMB, WiMAX, 3G Systems, and rich media applications
Tune in, log on : soaps, fandom, and online community
Convergence design : creating the user experience for interactive television, wireless, and broadband
Mobile communications handbook
News culture
Design and analysis of forward error control coding and signaling for guaranteeing QoS in wireless broadcast systems
Mapping the Somali media : an overview
Advertising : principles & practice
Next generation IPTV services and technologies
Finnish preschool and first-grade children's use of media at home
Bandwagon effects in high-technology industries
Video over IP : IPTV, Internet video, H.264, P2P, web RV, and streaming : a complete guide to understanding the technology
Audiovisual production in the single market
Summary.
How wireless works
The forgotten network : DuMont and the birth of American television
The business of media distribution : monetizing film, tv and video content in an online world
Since the late 1990s, there has been a crucial and substantial transformation in China's television system involving institutional, structural and regulatory changes. Unraveling the implications of these changes is vital for understanding the politics of Chinese media policy-making and regulation, and thus a comprehensive study of this history has never been more essential. This book studies the transformation of the policy and regulation of the Chinese television sector within a national political and economic context from 1996 to the present day. Taking a historical and sociological approach, it engages in the theoretical debates over the nature of the transformation of media in the authoritarian Chinese state; the implications of the ruling party's political legitimacy and China's central-local conflicts upon television policy-making and market structure; and the nature of the media modernisation process in a developing country. Its case studies include broadcasting systems in Shanghai and Guangdong, which demonstrate that varied policies and development strategies have been adopted by television stations, reflecting different local circumstances and needs. Arguing that rather than being a homogenous entity, China has demonstrated the substantial local diversity and complex interactions between local, national and global media, this book will be of interest to students and scholars of Chinese media, politics and policy, and international communications.
Televiestintä Suomessa = Telecommunications in Finland. 2003.
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
Inside reporting : a practical guide to the craft of journalism
Digital video distribution in broadband, television, mobile and converged networks : trend, challenges and solutions
Broadband video strategy : effects of television broadcasting digitalization
Writing for visual media
Digital television : Satellite, cable, terrestrial, IPTV, mobile TV in the DVB framework
The DVB-H handbook : the functioning and planning of Mobile TV
Electronic marketing and the consumer
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Sports journalism : a multimedia primer
