http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16875 Sikhism
Sikhism
The Sikhs today
What's happening to India? : Punjab, ethnic conflict, Mrs. Gandhi's death and the test for federalism
The Sikh ideology
Sikh religion, culture and ethnicity
Guru Nanak's religion : a comparative study of religions
Sikh ceremonies
Sikhism and history
The arts of the Sikh kingdoms
Historical dictionary of Sikhism
Papers presented at an international conference in 1996.
The religions of Asia
The world's religions : understanding the living faiths
Selections from the sacred writings of the Sikhs
Early Sikh tradition : a study of the janam-sākhīs
Sikh art and literature
Sacred India
Religion and the specter of the West : Sikhism, India, postcoloniality, and the politics of translation
Ethics of war and conflict
A history of the Sikhs. Vol. 1, 1469-1839
Relocating gender in Sikh history : transformation, meaning and identity
The Sikh religion : its gurus, sacred writings and authors
Simple guide to Sikhism
The intimate other : love divine in Indic religions
Words in world religions
Sikh identity : continuity and change
The Sikh religion : a symposium
Transcripts of papers presented at the 6th international conference of the Dharam Hinduja Institute of Indic Religions, University of Cambridge.
Tourism
Studying the Sikhs : issues for North America
Martyrdom in the Sikh tradition : playing the "game of love"
The atlas of world religions
Hindu India : another approach to its multiflorous religious culture ; collected essays
The Sikh gurus : their lives and teachings
Exploring Sikhism : aspects of Sikh identity, culture, and thought
Essays in Sikh history, tradition and society
Sikhism for today
Arguing that intellectual movements, such as deconstruction, postsecular theory, and political theology, have different implications for cultures and societies that live with the debilitating effects of past imperialisms, Arvind Mandair unsettles the politics of knowledge construction in which the category of "religion" continues to be central. Through a case study of Sikhism, he launches an extended critique of religion as a cultural universal. At the same time, he presents a portrait of how certain aspects of Sikh tradition were reinvented as "religion" during the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. India's imperial elite subtly recast Sikh tradition as a sui generis religion, which robbed its teachings of their political force. In turn, Sikhs began to define themselves as a "nation" and a "world religion" that was separate from, but parallel to, the rise of the Indian state and global Hinduism. Rather than investigate these processes in isolation from Europe, Mandair shifts the focus closer to the political history of ideas, thereby recovering part of Europe's repressed colonial memory.
The archeology of world religions : the bacground of Primitivism, Zoroastrianism, Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Shinto, Islam, and Sikhism
Śrī Guru Granth Sāhib : with complete index. Part 1
Religion, civil society, and the state : a study of Sikhism
The Goindval Pothis : the earliest extant source of the Sikh canon
Objects of worship in South Asian religions : forms, practices and meanings
The new Cambridge history of India. 2, 3, The Sikhs of the Punjab
The sacred paths : understanding the religions of the world
Religions of Asia
The Oxford handbook of Sikh studies
Dhammaan noocyada caqiidooyinka = All kinds of beliefs
Living religions : an encyclopaedia of the world's faiths
The making of Sikh scripture
India's religions : perspectives from sociology and history
The Sikhs : their history, religion, culture, ceremonies, and literature
Inside the guru's gate : ritual uses of texts among the Sikhs in Varanasi
This title discusses internal differences of caste, community and gender within Sikhism and its allied communities. It examines a variety of themes such as Sikh historiography identity, music, ethics, the worldwide Sikh diaspora, and the history and the current state of scholarship in the area of Sikh studies.
"Sicques, tigers, or thieves" : eyewitness accounts of the Sikhs, 1606-1809
Glorious history of Sikhism : from the times and teachings of Guru Nanak to the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh
The Usborne book of world religions
Khalistan : the struggle to regain lost sovereignty
Guru Nanak : his mystic teachings
The evolution of the Sikh community : five essays
A faith like mine : a celebration of the world's religions : seen through the eyes of children
A history of the Sikhs. Vol. 2, 1839-2004
Religion and violence in South Asia : theory and practice
Sikhism in global context
Fast facts : religion and medicine
Scripture in the world religions : a short introduction
Śrī Guru Granth Sāhib : with complete index. Part 2
"Objects of worship are an aspect of the material dimension of lived religion in South Asia. The omnipresence of these objects and their use is a theme which cuts across the religious traditions in the pluralistic religious culture of the region. Divine power becomes manifest in the objects and for the devotees they may represent power regardless of religious identity. This book looks at how these objects dominate the religious landscape of South Asia, and how they are of significance not just to the religious but also the social life of the region. It shows how these objects are shaped by traditions of religious aesthetics and conceptual devices woven into webs of religious and social meaning and demonstrates how the objects have a living relationship with those who use them. It discusses how devotees relate to such objects in a number of ways, and that although they belong to various traditions, objects may attract people from different communities and can be contested. By analysing the specific qualities that make objects eligible for becoming living objects of worship, and demonstrating how the objects have a living relationship with those who use them, the book contributes to an understanding of the central significance of these objects in the religious and social life of South Asia. It will be of interest to students and scholars of Asian Religion, South Asian Studies, Philosophy and Culture and Society"--
The construction of religious boundaries : culture, identity and diversity in the Sikh tradition
The Guru Granth Sahib : canon, meaning and authority
Sikhism today
Minority studies
Sikhs of the Khalsa : a history of the Khalsa Rahit
Sacred sound : experiencing music in world religions
Gurū Nānak and the Sikh religion
Ranjit Singh, Maharajah of the Punjab
Pearls of the Orient : Asian treasures from the Wellcome Library
Identity and survival : Sikh militancy in India, 1978-1993
Eastern mysticism. Volume 1, The Near East and India
Sacred objects in secular spaces : exhibiting Asian religions in museums
Call of the great master
Sikhs at large : religion, culture, and politics in global perspective
Hinduism and other eastern religions : worship, festivals and ceremonies from around the world
The Sikhs : their religious beliefs and practices
Describes the basic tenets of Sikhism, tells the story of its growth in India, examines the recent move toward greater political independence within the Indian nation, the effects of Hindu nationalism on the Sikh community, and issues of cultural adaptation, persecution, and and subsequent education now taking place in the West.
Contributed articles.
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
The religion of the Sikhs
The materiality of the past : history and representation in Sikh tradition
Sikhism and women : history, texts, and experience
Warrior saints : three centuries of the Sikh military tradition
Many Heavens, One Earth is a collection of first-person voices from nine of the world religions. In fifteen articles, devotees and scholars reveal the contributions these traditions make to informing and motivating an ecological response to the environmental issues that beset planet earth. The spiritual messages of world religions have an indispensable and decisive role to play in addressing these environmental problems, for, at their root, these ecological issues are spiritual problems: Unless greed is replaced by moderation and sharing, materialism by spiritual insights and values, consumerism by restraint and simpler living, exploitation by respect and service, and pollution by caring and protection, nature's hospitality will be foolishly rebuffed, and therefore our descendants will inherit a polluted and depleted earth. Religion can be, and must be, a part of this replacement. Since at least 90% of the world's people claim allegiance to various major world religious traditions, religion can exert a crucial and transforming influence.
Sikhs & sikhism in Britain : fifty years on the bradford perspective
Khalsa Jatha British Isles 1908-2008
World religions : Eastern traditions
A popular dictionary of Sikhism
World religions
Textual sources for the study of Sikhism
Sikhism : a very short introduction
Multi-sited Fieldworsk amongst Sikhs in Finland and California : reaching the offline via the online
Living Religions
Sikhism : an introduction
The way of the Sikh
Historical gurdwaras of Delhi
Bhakti religion in North India : community identity and political action
Believers and beliefs : a practical guide to religious etiquette for business and social occasions
The golden temple
The Sikhs : history, religion, and society
Sikhism and Christianity : a comparative study
On the development of Sikh ethics.
World religions and the environment
Many heavens, one earth : readings on religion and the environment
Religious beliefs and practices of the Sikhs in rural Punjab
Sikh identity : an exploration of groups among Sikhs
Six religions in the twentieth century
It is impossible to speak of religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam without using words from the original Sanskrit, Pali or Arabic. Few people will have had the opportunity of studying these languages for themselves, but they will need to understand technical words and to recognize the significance of important names as they occur. The author has provided definitions and descriptions of the most important words in six world religions together with introductions for each section which give additional information and interpretation.
Encyclopaedia of Sikh religion and culture
