http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1686 fishing
fishing
Russian trade of Urheilu & Kalastus Pallas products
The state of fisheries and ecosystems in the North Atlantic Ocean
Bulletin of fisheries sciences
The United Kingdom, Swedish and Finnish markets for artificial fishing flies from Kenya
The Atlantic salmon fly : the tyers and their art
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
FAO investigates ferro-cement fishing craft : laboratory analysis, construction methods, service experience : ... from the papers and discussions of the first FAO seminar on the design and construction of ferro-cement fishing vessels held in Wellington, New Zealand, from 9 to 13 Oct. 1972
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practices for Safety at Sea in the Fisheries Sector : Rome, 10-13 November 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Technical Guidelines for Responsible Fish Trade : Silver Spring, United States of America, 22-26 January 2007
Report of the FAO/FFA Regional Workshop to Promote the Full and Effective Implementation of Port State Measures to Combat Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, Nadi, Fiji, 28 August-1 September 2006.
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 1, Practical guide
Finnish fisheries : facts and statistics 1998
Informe de la Reunión para la Reactivación de la Iniciativa de Creación de una Red de Acuicultura de las Américas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 de Junio de 2009 = Report of the Meeting on the Reactivation of the Iniative to Create an Aquaculture Network of the Americas : Guayaquil, Ecuador, 10-12 June 2009.
Meddelelser fra Kommissionen for Danmarks fiskeri- og havundersøgelser. Serie fiskeri
Fishing
Topics discussed at the meeting included: a review of CWP membership; general reviews of progress since CWP-22, of intersessional CWP activities and those of the participating organizations; a report on the establishment of Capture Group and Aquaculture Group; methodology and new data requirements; revision of CWP handbook; integrating the regional databases; the introduction of FISHSTAT J; and improvement in visibility of CWP.--Publisher's description.
Report of the Workshop on Standardization of Selectivity Methods Applied to Trawling in the Mediterranean Sea, Sète, France, 9-11 February 2005 = Rapport de L'Atelier sur la Standardization des Méthodes de Séctivité appliquées au Chalutage en Méditerranée, Sète, France, 9-11 février 2005.
Modern fishing gear of the world. 2
Modern fishing gear of the world. 3, Fish finding purse seining aimed trawling
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa. 2008-2009 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland
Report of the FAO world conference on fisheries management and development : Rome, 27 June to 6 July 1984.
This document contains the report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards held in Rome, Italy, from 30 November to 3 December 2009. The Expert Consultation was convened to review an initial draft of the International Guidelines as called for by the FAO Committee on Fisheries at its twenty-eighth session in 2009. The Expert Consultation adopted a draft text containing International Guidelines to be forwarded on to a technical Consultation for review and finalization. The Expert Consultation based its work on a preliminary text prepared by FAO. The Expert Consultation was hosted by FAO and funded by the Government of Norway and the FAO Regular Programme.
Bycatch in small-scale tuna fisheries : a global study
Report of the second session of the Scientific Advisory Group : Le Robert, Martinique, 28-30 April 2003 = Rapport de la deuxième session du Groupe scientifique consultatif : Le Robert, Martinique, 28-30 avril 2003 = Informe de la segunda sesión del Grupo asesor científico : Le Robert, Martinica, 28-30 de abril de 2003.
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Sustainability-related concepts and practices in Finnish lake fisheries
The ABC of fishing : the classic guide to coarse, sea and game fishing
The operational units approach for fisheries management in the Mediterranean Sea
Using market mechanisms to manage fisheries : smoothing the path
This workshop examined past efforts to develop a regional cooperation mechanism for aquaculture development in the region, the main objective of the meeting being to reactivate an aquaculture cooperation network in the Americas. After agreeing that the network should be an intergovernmental entity, the countries elected Brazil as its initial host, with the mandate to conduct the elaboration of the network statutes and a plan of action for the short and medium terms and with the support of an executive secretary. The delegates of the participating countries subscribed a letter of intent, which ratifies their interest and commitment to establish an intergovernmental cooperation network for aquaculture, open to all countries of the Americas.--Publisher's description.
Review of the current state of world capture fisheries insurance
Inland capture fisheries of the USSR
Amazing fishing stories: : incredible tales from stream to open sea
Sharing rules and stability in coalition games with externalities : the case of the Baltic Sea cod fishery
Impacts of anthropogenic factors on fish community structure in Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon
Report of the second session of the Working Party on Small-scale Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 18-21 November 2003.
Management techniques for elasmobranch fisheries
Summary (s. 9-13).
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
European directory of research centers in the fisheries sector
Fisheries laws and regulations in the Mediterranean : a comparative study
Fisheries oceanography : new ocean environmental services
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas 2016-2017 : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
Trout of the world
Agriculture, forestry and fishery statistics : 2016 edition
Report of the first session of the Working Party on Human Capacity Development in Fisheries : Rome, 19-22 April 2004.
Executive summary (s. 11-16).
The winter sea
Fisheries sonar : (incorporating Underwater observation using sonar by D.G. Tucker)
Report of the Ad Hoc Meeting of Intergovernmental Organizations on Work Programmes Related to Subsidies in Fisheries : Rome, 21-22 May 2001.
Sustainability of interlocked fishing district -management concept for commercial fishing in Finnish lake fishery
Fly fishing for salmon
Report of the fifth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture, Phuket, Thailand, 27 September - 1 October 2010 = Rapport de la cinquième session du Sous-comité de l'aquaculture, Phuket, Thaïlande, 27 septembre -1er octobre 2010 = Informe de la quinta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura, Phuket, Tailandia, 27 de septiembre - 1.o de octubre de 2010
Fish location by hydroacoustic devices
Improve your lure fishing : learn the underwater secrets of fish and their habitats
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas : Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland = Freizeit- und Sportfischerei in Mittelfinnland. 2002-2003
Reports of the ices advisory committee on fishery management, 1979.
Measuring capacity in fisheries
International management of the Atlantic salmon fishery in the Baltic Sea
Fish communities in South-Finnish lakes and their responses to biomanipulation assessed by experimental gillnetting
Report of the Twenty-ninth session of the committee on fisheries, Rome, 31 January - 4 February 2011.
Fishing for trouble
Irish fisheries investigations. New series
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
Large differences in catch per unit of effort between two minnow trap models
The fish on your plate : why we eat what we eat from the sea
Kalatalous tilastoina : 2000 = Finnish fisheries statistics
How to make and set FADs (Fish Aggregating Devices)
Management of multispecies resources and multi-gear fisheries
General Fisheries Commission for the Mediterranean
Sārnate : living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
Economic consequences of fuel tax concessions removal in northern Baltic salmon fisheries
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
Future climate change and regional fisheries : a collaborative analysis
Report of the sixth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Thessaloniki, Greece, 30 June-3 July 2003 = Rapport de la sixième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Thessalonique, Grèce, 30 juin - 3 juillet 2003
Ihmistoiminnan vaikutus Cross River –joen Lebialem-Mone Forest Landscape of Cameroon –alueen kalayhteisön rakenteeseen.
When to ratify an environmental agreement : the case of high seas fisheries
Report of the technical consultation to develop international guidelines on bycatch management and reduction of discards, Rome, 6-10 December 2010.
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Scientific investigations
Why fish piracy persists : the economics of illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing
Improve your fly fishing : learn the underwater secrets of fish and their habitats
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Athens, Greece, 4-7 June 2001 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Athènes, Grèce, 4-7 juin 2001
Financial support to the fishing industry of OECD member countries
Market research in the Vietnamese marine sector   Case study of eNav forecast - a navigation application developed by NASCA Geosystems
Individual transferable quotas in the Baltic Sea herring fishery : a sociobioeconomic analysis
Report of the second session of the Regional Commission for Fisheries : Muscat, Oman, 18-21 May 2003.
Restricted coalitions in the management of regional fisheries organizations
Fishing : the complete book
Report of the third session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Madrid, 2-5 May 2000 = Rapport de la troisième session du Comité scientifique consultatif Madrid, 2-5 mai 2000
Memoirs of the Graduate School of Fisheries Sciences, Hokkaido University
Sea turtles are affected by a range of different factors, some natural and others caused by human activities, including fishing operation. As a result, all sea turtles species whose conservation status has been assessed are considered to be threatened or endangered. These guidelines provide assistance for the preparation of national or multilateral fisheries management measures and industry initiatives that may help to conserve sea turtles by reducing the negative impacts that fisheries may have on them. They present our best understanding of how to reduce the proportion of caught turtles that are killed as a result of interactions with marine capture fisheries. These guidelines include information about how to change fishing gear and fishing methods and how the fishing industry can adopt voluntary approaches to reduce sea turtle mortality.--Publisher's description.
Coarse fishing : introduction by Jim Gibbinson
Report of the... session
Purnell's Book of Fishing
Report of the nineteenth session of the fishery committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : Cotonou, Benin, 4-6 November 2008 = Rapport de la dix-neuvième session du Comité des pêches pour L'Atlantique Centre-Est : Cotonou, Bénin, 4-6 novembre 2008.
Report of the First Meeting of Regional Fishery Body Secretariats Network : Rome, 12-13 March 2007.
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Endangered culture : Japanese whaling in cultural perspective
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
The purpose of this consultation was to provide guidance to FAO regarding the development of guidelines for best practices to improve safety at sea in the fisheries sector. The consultation also made recommendations regarding the scope of the guidelines, the special needs of developing countries, and other specific consideration and goals.--Publisher's description.
Report of the Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries : securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : bringing together responsible fisheries and social development, Bangkok, Thailand, 13-17 October 2008 = Rapport de la Conference Mondiale sur les Pêches artisanales : pour une pêche artisanale durable : associer la pêche responsable au dêveloppement social, Bangkok, Thailande, 13-17 octobre, 2008 = Informe de la Conferencia Mundial Sobre la Pesca en Pequena Escala : garantizar la pesca en pequena escala : pesca responsable y desarrollo social unidos, Bangkok, Tailandia, 13-17 de octubre de 2008.
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Quinnipiac fishes & fisheries : history and modern perspectives on the fishes and fisheries in the Quinnipiac watershed
Inventory of artisanal fishery communities in the Western and Central Mediterranean
Optimal bioeconomic multispecies fisheries management : a Baltic Sea case study
Report of the twenty-third session of the coordinating working party on fishery statistics : Hobart, Australia, 22-26 February 2010.
Reducing fishing capacity : best practices for decommissioning schemes
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Subjective assessment of choice difficulty and uncertainty in choice experiments : who learns and what do they learn?
Practical guide to salt-water fishing
International agreements of the multispecies Baltic Sea fisheries : a partition function game approach
This report provides a summary of the presentations, panel statements and working group discussions of the Bangkok Global Conference on Small-Scale Fisheries in 2008. The conference identified several critical ways forward in securing sustainable small-scale fisheries that integrate social, cultural and economic development, address resource access and use rights issues guided by human rights principles, and recognize the rights of indigenous peoples--Publisher's description
Report of the FAO workshop on international guidelines for securing sustainable small-scale fisheries : Rome, 7-10 February 2012.
Measuring and assessing capacity in fisheries. 1, Basic concepts and management options
Cod fishery of the European Union and Russia at the Baltic Sea : a game-theoretic analysis
What happens if we overfish the oceans?
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Use of Vessel Monitoring Systems and Satellites for Fisheries Monitoring, Control and Surveillance, Rome, 24-26 October 2006.
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Coastal fisheries of Latin America and the Caribbean
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Measuring and assessing capacity in fisheries. 2, Issues and methods
Administrative report of the Technical Consultation on the Precautionary Approach to Capture Fisheries (including species introductions) : Lysekil, Sweden, 6-13 June 1995.
Report of the Extraordinary Session : St Julians, Malta, 19-23 July 2004 = Rapport de la Session extraordinaire : Saint-Julien, Malte, 19-23 juillet 2004
The fisherman
Report of the Second Meeting of FAO and Non-FAO Regional Fishery Bodies of Arrangements : Rome, 20-21 February 2001.
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas + Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa 2004-2005 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
Historic fishing methods in American Samoa
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Fisheries hydrography : how oceanography and meteorology can and do serve fisheries
Report of the fifth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Rome, 1-4 July 2002 = Rapport de la cinquième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Rome, 1-4 juillet 2002
The world of fly-fishing
Report of the eighth Session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture ; Brasilia, Brazil, 5 - 9 October 2015 = Rapport de la huitième session du Sous-Comité de l'Aquaculture = Informe de la octava reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura : Committee on Fisheries
Report of the ad hoc meeting on the provision of advice on the biological basis for fisheries management : Charlottenlund, 5-9 January 1976.
Recruitment variability in vendace, Coregonus albula (L.), and its consequences for vendace harvesting
Survey of fish resources in the North-East Atlantic
Report of the Tokyo University of Fisheries
The compleat angler
The politics of international fisheries management : the case of the Northeast Atlantic
Report of the third Technical Consultation on the Development and Management of the Fisheries of Lake Kariba : Siavongaa, Zambia, 26-27 October, 2006.
A Diderot pictorial encyclopedia of trades and industry. Volume one
Extreme food : what to eat when your life depends on it ..
Check-list of the fishes of the north-eastern Atlantic and of the Mediterranean : Clofnam
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for Bycatch Management and Reduction of Discards : Rome, 30 November-3 December 2009.
The very best dad
Fisheries management costs : the case of Baltic salmon fishery
Fisheries and fishbreeding in Israel
Capture fisheries and aquaculture in the Kyrgyz Republic : current status and planning
The World's Best Trout Flies
Bulletin of the Faculty of Fisheries
Report of the Intergovernmental Consultation on the Establishment of a Southwest Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission : Saint-Denis, Réunion, 6-9 February 2001.
Fisheries today
Modern fishing gear of the world. [1]
Évolution des techniques de la pêche italienne = Evolution of technology in Italian fisheries
Guidelines to reduce sea turtle mortality in fishing operations
Following fish : travels around the indian coast
Keski-Suomen kalastuspaikkaopas + Päijänteen viehekalastuslupa 2006-2007 = Leisure- and sportfishing in Central Finland
Sārnate: living by a coastal lake during the East Baltic Neolithic
Report of the fourth Meeting of the RECOFI Working Group on Fisheries Management : Muscat, Sultanate of Oman, 3 - 5 October 2010.
Salmon fishing in the Yemen
Vapaa-ajankalastus 2008 = Fritidsfiske 2008 = Recreational fishing 2008.
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Trout fishing in America
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
Guidelines for designing data collection and sharing systems for co-managed fisheries. Part 2, Technical guidelines
Chasing silver : fly fishing magazine
Economics of fisheries : some problems of efficiency
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
Mixed-stock exploitation of Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) and seal-induced damage in the coastal trap-net fishery of the Gulf of Bothnia : challenges and potential solutions
Calculations for fishing gear designs
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
Sustainability in fisheries management
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Fishing boats of the world: 2
Vapaa-ajankalastus = Fritidsfiske = Recreational fishing. 2002.
Fisheries insurance programmes in Asia : experiences, practices and principles
Manual of fisheries sampling surveys : methodologies for estimations of socio-economic indicators in the Mediterranean Sea
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
The complete fishing manual
British trawlers and Iceland 1919-1976
Fisheries conflicts in the North Atlantic : problems of management and jurisdiction
Bulletin of the Fisheries Research Board of Canada
Canadian bulletin of fisheries and aquatic sciences
Papers presented at the second session of the Working Party on Small-scale Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand 18-21 November 2003
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
California fish and game
Report of the Pre-survey Meeting to Plan the Year 2000 Survey with the R/V DR. FRIDTJOF NANSEN in the Western Gulf of Guinea : Benin, Togo, Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire : Tema, Ghana, 26 August 2000 = Rapport de la Réunion de préparation et de planification de la campagne 2000 avec le N/R Dr. Fridtjof Nansen dans la région occidentale du Golfe de Guinée : Bénin, Togo, Ghana et Côte d'Ivoire : Tema, Ghana, 26 août 2000.
Spatial ecology of the grey seal and ringed seal in the Baltic Sea : seeking solutions to the coexistence of seals and fisheries
Prehistoric fish catches in New Zealand
Allocation and sharing in international fisheries agreements
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Executive summary (s. 13-19).
Fish-finding with sonar
Stability of international fisheries agreements using precautionary bioeconomic harvesting strategies
