http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16887 fertiliser industry
fertiliser industry
The role of fertilizer in sustaining food security and protecting the environment to 2020
World nitrogen survey
Metamorphosis : Kemira in a world of changes 1975-2010
Vegetation injury occurring after winter at a fertilizer factory
Observations on the nutrient status in air polluted urban forest stands
Mineral fertilizer production and the environment. Part 1, The fertilizer industry's manufacturing processes and environmental issues
Lihaluujauho kauran lannoitteena : teurastamoteollisuuden sivutuote lannoitteeksi = Meat and bone meal as fertilizer for oats : from slaughter house waste to fertilizer
Transnational corporations in the fertilizer industry
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Injury to pines in the vicinity of a chemical processing plant in northern Finland
The world according to Monsanto : pollution, corruption, and the control of our food supply
The Community fertiliser industry : joint report by the CMC-Engrais
Descriptive analysis of the technical and economical aspects of measures to reduce water pollution caused by discharges from the fertilizer industry and other industries entailing nutrient discharges
Environmental aspects of phosphate and potash mining
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Urea and urea phosphate fertilizers
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
World phosphates supply to the year 2000
The effects of a revision of the Emissions Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European nitrogen fertilizer industry
Fundamental concepts of environmental chemistry
Waste management : concerns and challenges
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
The effects of human resource management practices on firm productivity : preliminary evidence from Finland
Life cycle inventory (LCI) of fertiliser production : fertiliser products used in Sweden and western Europe
Enriching the earth : Fritz Haber, Carl Bosch, and the transformation of world food production
Fluoride in birch leaves, ground vegetation, litter and humus in the surroundings of a fertilizer plant and apatite mine in Siilinjärvi, eastern Finland
The effects of a revision of the Emission Trading Directive for the period starting in 2013 on the European pulp and paper industry
Final report and documents of the workshop on major marketing issues relating to trade in petrochemicals and fertilizers produced in the Arab world and their impact on future investment in those countries, Amman, 22-24 September 1987.
