http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1688 towns and cities
towns and cities towns cities
The game of the urban futures : what it takes to play in the network society?
Londoners : the days and nights of London now - as told by those who love it, hate it, live it, left it, and long for it
Citta d'arte = Art cities : treasures to be discovered and visited
101 amazing facts about Paris
The bat
By a thread
I am Pilgrim : a thriller
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
Big atlas London : street by street
Urban renewal and the quality of life
The Kunshan way
Media and the city : cosmopolitanism and difference
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
The book of Khartoum : a city in short fiction
Urban land policies and land-use control measures. Vol. 1, Africa
The urban fantasy anthology
Governing London : recreating the metropolitan community
Regional politics : America in a post-city age
The perfectionists
Notes from a small island
Tokyo : the changing profile of an urban giant
Building futures : a layman's guide to the inner city debate
Avenue of mysteries
It's dark in London : a graphic collection of short stories
Scarred
Reviving the city : towards sustainable urban development
Getting new residents to the city of Valkeakoski
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
The Barcelona brothers
Lost cities of the ancient world
Sources and concentrations of volatile organic compounds in urban air
Citypack guide to Orlando
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
PM10 concentrations in urban ambient air : Trends in Helsinki and Tampere from 2006 to 2010
Protecting housing rights in Nigeria : the role of NGOs
Between two cities
100 most beautiful cities of the world : a journey across five continents
English on the Finnish web pages : representations of Finnish towns and municipalities
Urban land policies and land-use control measures. Vol. 2, Asia and the Far East
Urban science
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
The Glasgow coma scale
Astro City : Through open doors
MARKETING THE INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMMES OF KYMENLAAKSO UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCES IN THE TWIN CITIES OF KOUVOLA
Midnight blue-light special : an InCryptid novel
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
Downtown, Inc. : how America rebuilds cities
Urban ecosystems : response to disturbances, resilience and ecological memory
Lady of Ashes
Cities and nature
The Shanghai : story of a century
Magnus Chase and the sword of summer
NFT : Not for tourists guide to London 2011
I was here
The dark heroine : dinner with a vampire
Although urban allotment gardening dates back to the nineteenth century, it has recently undergone a renaissance of interest and popularity. This is the result of greater concern over urban greenspace, food security and quality of life. This book presents a comprehensive, research-based overview of the various features, benefits and values associated with urban allotment gardening in Europe. The book is based on a European COST Action project, which brings together researchers and practitioners from all over Europe for the first detailed exploration of the subject on a continent-wide scale. It assesses the policy, planning and design aspects, as well as the social and ecological benefits of urban allotment gardening. Through an examination of the wide range of different traditions and practices across Europe, it brings together the most recent research to discuss the latest evolutions of urban allotment gardening and to help raise awareness and fill knowledge gaps. The book provides a multidisciplinary perspective, including insights from horticulture and soil science, ecology, sociology, urban geography, landscape, planning and design. The themes are underpinned by case studies from a number of European countries which supply a wide range of examples to illustrate different key issues.
NFT : Not for tourists guide to Los Angeles 2016
101 Amazing facts about London
The drop
The towns and cities of Czechoslovakia
MEDIA AND BRANDS : A study of Helsinki’s Brand Image Acknowledgement in Foreign Media
As red as blood
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
New York City : pocket map & guide
City
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
Perdido Street station
Angels of Detroit
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
A glimpse of international buildings in Shanghai
Sharp objects : a novel
Tangled threads
Navigating troubled waters : an analysis of how urban water regimes in the global South reproduce inequality
City of stairs : a novel
All the way from Berlin to Helsinki : three modes of urban representation in literature
Ji nian gai ge kai fang 30 zhou nian = To commemorate the 30th anniversary of reform and opening-up : 1978-2008 : Shanghai art photographic fine exhibition
Eleanor & Park
Ali's pretty little lies
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Istanbul : memories and the city
NFT : not for tourists guide to San Francisco 2013
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Tampere - All Bright! Ambassador network - an international place branding tool
Nearby nature and experiential farming : how are their roles perceived within the rural–urban fringe?
Spider's trap
Meaningful life and survival in urban poverty : an ethnographic study on the dimensions of deprivation and anxiety and the coping strategies of a group of cooperative workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Urbantumblr : a collection of post-posts /a pseudoblog as practice
Fifteen-year-old Neryn is alone in the land of Alban, where the oppressive king has ordered anyone with magical strengths captured, but when she sets out for Shadowfell, a training ground for a rebel group, she meets a mysterious soldier and the Good Folk, who tell her that she, alone, can save Alban.
Looking for Alaska
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
It
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
NFT : not for tourists guide to Washington 2013
In Between Two Cities, you are a world-renowned city planner who has been asked to redesign two different cities. Projects of such significance require the expertise of more than one person, so for each assignment you are paired with a partner with whom to discuss and execute your grandiose plans. Each turn features a simultaneous discussion with your two partners to decide which of your tiles to place into the cities you’re building with each of them and where in those cities to place the tiles. At the end of the game, there is only one winner, as each player compares the lowest scoring of their two cites
Kafka on the shore
Unfairly structured cities
Acclaimed author Attica Locke reintroduces us to environmental lawyer Jay Porter (her Black Water Rising protagonist), who takes one last case on the behalf of the community of Pleasantville in this new thriller--only to become embroiled in its shadowy politics, a disturbing education in how far those in power are willing to go to win.
European city breaks
Eureka. Season two
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
How to study public life
The story of a new name
The good girl
The perks of being a wallflower
Cartagena & Caribbean coast
My brilliant friend
Liquid city. Volume one
An innovative city : challenges for the future
Poverty in the inner city : overcoming deprivation in the inner city
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
Cast in flame
NFT : Not for Tourists guide to London 2016
Between the assassinations
Scandinavian major city statistics. 1995 : Data on 16 major cities and their regions / [edited by Per Gullström, Gunnar Lindqvist]
Beijing : a concise history
The scent of death
Cities making competitive and liveable Europe : discussion paper on urban development during Finland's EU presidency
Sustainable historic cities? : a Baltic-Nordic approach : a report on urban development and cultural values, case studies of Tallinn, Riga, Visby and Ålesund, urban design guidelines
Airports as cities- the concept of aerotropolis applied to Helsinki-Vantaa International Airport
The redbreast
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Those who leave and those who stay
Cities and services : the geography of collective consumption
The regional economy of Helsinki from a European perspective
Scorched
Victim without a face
House of earth : a novel
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Julius Knipl, real estate photographer : The beauty supply district
Amsterdam : a history of the world's most liberal city
Child's bone
Urban land policies and land-use control measures. 7, Global review
Cities : missions' new frontier
New greater Hangzhou : a new guide
101 Amazing facts about New York
The scatter here is too great
Cities of the future? Questions? Nightmares? Dreams?
Cast in flight
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
Cast in moonlight
Inferno
Beijing : green capital of China
Nighttime in Caeli-Amur
City lights
Global cities : cinema, architecture, and urbanism in a digital age
Hotel on the corner of Bitter and Sweet : a novel
Hallowed
The growth of cities in the nineteenth century : a study in statistics
Cast in sorrow
Urban land policies and land-use control measures. Vol. 4, Latin America
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Assassin's creed : arena : board game
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Towns
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
The blue-ribbon jalapeño society jubilee
The cities book : a journey through the best cities in the world
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
City of heavenly fire
New urban strategies in advanced regional economies
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
An approach to urban sociology
Social problems of urban man
Kurt Busiek's Astro City : Life in the big city
Competing for urban growth : growth coalitions around the globe
Urban political analysis : a systems approach
American city government and administration
Urban geography : a study of site, evolution, pattern and classification in villages, towns and cities
Introducing : the journey through forces shaping urban futures
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
NFT : Not for tourists guide to Boston 2013
Shanghai vertical
Guidelines for producing a live brand experience
Cities on the move
Urban allotment gardens in Europe
NW : for print disabled people
Technoslime terror
Finnish urban regions
One with you
The study of urban geography
My best friend's exorcism : a novel
The good, the bad and the infernal
Espoo Esbo : The magazine for the Espoo people
Astro City : The dark age. 2 : Brothers in arms
Supply chain management in the context of economic area : case study for the development of ICT branch in the city of Oulu
Only in Cologne : a guide to unique locations, hidden corners and unusual objects
Telegraph avenue
Unearthly
d[15] dublin fifteen : (poems of the city)
How to build successful city brands? -Case Munich, Berlin & Hamburg
Patterns of quality : The distribution of urban services among the residents of the city of Villahermosa
Migration and the city : social cohesion and integration policies
The girl on the train
The cities book
Eighteenth-century London through masks : notes on disguise, authenticity, and libertinage in eighteenth-century London city guides
Fractured
The shadow of the wind : a novel
How to build a girl
Wuxi : where ancient culture meets contemporary life
