http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16866 photography exhibitions
photography exhibitions
Reis maale : etnograafilised tüübid fotos = A trip to the country: ethnographic types in photography
World press photo 05.
In the heart of the dark night
Muistin jäljet 1 & 2 = Minnets spår 1 & 2 = Tracks of the memory 1 & 2
What is important? : 3rd Ars Baltica triennial of photographic art
Northern realities : new Finnish photography in Thessaloniki, Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art 12.2.-28.2.1994
Henri Cartier-Bresson : the modern century
The big sky : Los Angeles-Berlin
Sacred places : a journey among the tourist scenes of the world = Pyhät paikat : matka turismin näyttämöille
Helsinki Photography Festival 2005
Hunnun salaisuus = The secret of the veil = Slöjans hemlighet
The eye of the photographer : highlights from the FoMu collection = hogtepunten uit de FoMu collectie
High altitude : photography in the mountains
Tibet : the sacred realm : photographs 1880-1950
Francesca Woodman : on being an angel
World Press Photo 13
The way things are... : works from the Thyssen-Bornemisza... : prace kolekcji Thyssen-Bornemisza... = Jak sie rzeczy maja..
Kaamos : hämärän maisemat = landscapes of darkness
Timo Kelaranta : pregledna razstava fotografij = retrospective exhibition of photographs
Tina Modotti : the Mexican renaissance
The international pinhole photography exhibition
Elegant intimacy : Jacques-Henri Lartigue, Sally Mann with Claude Batho Harry Callahan, Emmet Gowin, Yvés Trémorin and Alfred Stieglitz, Roman Vishniac
Encounter
Nadar-Warhol, Paris-New York : photography and fame
"Henri Cartier-Bresson (1908-2004) was perhaps the finest and most influential image maker of the twentieth century, and his portraits are among his best-known work. Over a fifty-year period, he photographed some of the most eminent personalities of the era, as well as ordinary people, chosen as subjects because of their striking and unusual features." "In 2003, the Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson, which was created to provide a permanent home for his collected works, opened in Paris. This book is published to coincide with the first exhibition at the Fondation that is drawn entirely from those archives, and it features both well-known images and previously unpublished portraits"--P. [2] of cover.
Henri Cartier-Bresson (1908-2004) is one of the most influential and beloved figures in the history of photography. Published to accompany an exhibition at The Museum of Modern Art, this is the first major publication to make full use of the extensive holdings of the Fondation Cartier-Bresson--including thousands of prints and a vast resource of documents relating to the photographer's life and work. The heart of the book surveys Cartier-Bresson's career through 300 photographs divided into 12 chapters. A wide-ranging essay by Peter Galassi, Chief Curator of Photography at the Museum, offers an entirely new understanding of Cartier-Bresson's extraordinary career and its overlapping contexts of journalism and art.
Photo text text photo : the synthesis of photography and text in contemporary art
100xPhoto : 100 photographs from the Collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam
Script for photography : the triennial of photographic art
Robert Doisneau : retrospective
The photographer's eye : exhibition by invitation 1977-1978
Counter-photography : Japan's artists today
Co je fotografie : 150 let fotografie = What is photography : 150 years of photography
The ones that are wanted : communication and the politics of representation in a photographic exhibition
Nature seen through the camera lens
Rakennettu puusta = Timber construction in Finland
So many constellations (walk-through)
Terence Donovan : London photographs
XL photography : Art Collection Neue Börse
Deathbed selfie
1st Helsinki international exhibition of creative photography 1996
Landscapes from the middle of the world : photographs 1972-1987
Planet-Alsen ...be touched
Anton Josef Trcka - Edward Weston - Helmut Newton : the artificial of the real
Imitation of life : fotografien 1999-2003 = photographs
Exhibiting photography : a practical guide to choosing a space, displaying your work, and everything in between
Vilnis Vītolins̆ : this is latvia
Japan's modern divide : the photographs of Hiroshi Hamaya and Kansuke Yamamoto
Letter to the editor
Cindy Sherman
Irving Penn : Master Images
Per Hüttner : Repetitive time
Ibidem. Master's thesis booklet 1
Backlight 2011 : [migration and nomadic living : 9th International Photo Triennial in Tampere]
Backlight 2014 : photo festival : Holding cohesion
Photographs
Typologies : nine contemporary photographers
Photo.doc : itś good to keep your eyes open
Architecture in photographs
Positions, attitudes, actions : engagement in de fotografie = social and political commitment in photography
Helsinki Photography Biennial edition HPB14. Ecological fallacy ; Objects on oil
Art creates meaning
Photography until now
The 21st Slide Bienniale in Loviisa 21.10.2000
Continuous replay : the photographs of Arnie Zane
Holy melancholy
Lola Álvarez Bravo and the photography of an era
Storytelling or documentation : photo exhibition: music in people's daily life - Cuba
Work. 1, in process
Mapplethorpe x 7 : David Hockney, Vik Muniz, Catherine Opie, Sterling Ruby, Cindy Sherman, Hedi Slimane, Robert Wilson
The family of man : the greatest photographic exhibition of all time
Rigor Mort
William Eggleston : the Democratic forest : selected works
Göran Schildt : a humanist as photographer : including an expert from the book "The Sea of Icarus" describing a visit to Mount Athos in 1954
LisboaPhoto 2005 : a imagem cesura
O say can you see : American photographs, 1839-1939 : one hundred years of American photographs from the George R. Rinhart collection
The art of the American snapshot 1888-1978 : from the collection of Robert E. Jackson
Public relations
Varrella virran = By the river. 3, Kansainvälinen taidevalokuva tänään : Porin taidemuseo 23.5.-14.7.1985 = International photography today : Pori Art Museum 23.5.-14.7.1985
reGeneration 2 : tomorrow's photographers today
Fish story
Božidar Jakac in fotografija = [Božidar Jakac] and photography
Photo art from Finland
The camera I : photographic self-portraits from the Audrey and Sydney Irmas Collection
Finnish photographs on the green isle
Ihei Kimura : the man with the camera ; [9 October - 19 December, 2004, National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo]
How you look at it : photography of the 20th century
An inner silence : the portraits of Henri Cartier-Bresson
William Eggleston's guide
World press photo 07
Jaromír Funke : between construction and emotion
The frozen image : Scandinavian photography
Faces of the century : a Sainsbury's photographic exhibition
Roger Fenton fényképei : az el nem veszett, de megtalált képek : kiállítás az elte Egyetemi Könyvtárban = Photographs of Roger Fenton : photographs rediscovered : exhibition in the university library of Eötvös Loránd University
Photography in contemporary German art : 1960 to the present
Magnum Ireland
Bravo 20 : the bombing of the American west
Stephen Shore
Universal archive : the condition of the document and the modern photographic utopia : [Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, 23 October 2008 - 6 January 2009] / [text: Jorge Ribalta]
Photographs 1928-1983
This title offers an illustrated overview of the evolution of two very different strains of modern Japanese photography. In the 1930s, Japanese photography evolved in two very directions: one toward a documentary style, the other favouring an experimental, or avant-garde, approach strongly influence by Western Surrealism. This book explores these two divergent paths through the work of two remarkable figures: Hiroshi Hamaya and Kansuke Yamamoto. Hiroshi Hamaya (1915-1999) was born and raised in Tokyo and, after an initial period of creative experimentation, turned his attention to recording traditional life and culture. He went on to record cultural changes in China, political protests in Japan, and landscapes around the world. Kansuke Yamamoto (1914-1987) became fascinated by the innovative approaches in art and literature exemplified by Western artists such as Man Ray and Magritte. 0Exhibition: Getty Museum, Los Angeles, USA (26.3.-25.8.2013). 0.
Work. 5, changing faces
Impressions of Kyrgyzstan: young Europeans facing otherness
Robert Frank : moving out
Picturing an exhibition : the Family of man and 1950s America
Public photographic spaces : exhibitions of propaganda, from Pressa to The Family of Man, 1928-55 : [Museu d'Art Contemporani de Barcelona, 23 October 2008 - 6 January 2009] / [curator: Jorge Ribalta]
Lumo '95 symposium : muisti, ajatus, toive = memory, thought, hope
Dawoud Bey : portraits 1975-1995
301 inkjet tips and techniques : an essential printing resource for photographers
The exhibition : photographic competition 1998
International center of photography : [twenty years 1974-1994]
Performance, ethics and spectatorship in a global age
Oatfield - temperance
Practising photographic art online
From Bauhaus to Buenos Aires : Grete Stern and Horacio Coppola
Contemporary visions : fotografía y vídeo de la collección de Helga de Alvear = photographs and videos from the Collection of Helga de Alvear
World press photo 09.
The family of man : the greatest photographic exhibition of all time : 503 pictures from 68 countries
Andy Warhol's visual memory
Primitive forces rock the boat of modernism
Geudeurui siseoneuro bon geundae = Scenes from early modern Korea : through the looking glass 2004. 4. 9 - 6. 12
Backlight 05 : 7th international photographic triennal in Tampere, Finland
Photographers of genius at the Getty
