http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16884 fells (landforms)
fells (landforms)
Evolutionary ecology of mountain birch in subarctic stress gradients : interplay of biotic and abiotic factors in plant-plant interactions and evolutionary processes
Notes on Hepialus fuscoargenteus (Lepidoptera, Hepialidae)
The Kivakka Layered Intrusion
Tunturiralli 1995 : reittikartta = Arctic Rally 1995 : route map
XXV The Arctic Tunturi Rally 26.-28.1.1990
Causes and consequences of modularity : implications for plants, herbivores and plant-herbivore interactions
Santa Claus : a book about the doings of Santa Claus and his brownies at Mount Korvatunturi
Ecology and vegetation of Mt Trikora New Guinea (Irian Jaya/Indonesia)
Tunturiralli : juniorit = Arctic Rally : 18.-20.1.85 Rovaniemi-Finland
SANTA CLAUS : A BOOK ABOUT THE DOINGS OF SANTA CLAUS AND HIS BROWNIES AT MOUNT KORVATUNTURI
Herbivory-related variation in the foliar chemistry of the mountain birch (Betula pubescens spp. czerepanovii)
The challenge of precis geoid determination - applied to Norwegian extremities: glaciers, fjords and mountains
Tunturi-Lappi : vuodenajat = The seasons of Lapland = Berglappland : Jahreszeiten = Vremena goda v Laplandii
The zonal distribution of blowflies (Dipt., Calliphoridae) an the arctic hill Ailigas in Finland
Landscapes of Finland
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
Pattern of local wind changes in a fell region, northern Finland
Trophic interactions of invase forest herbivores and consequences for the resident ecosystem
Cherry leaf roll virus abundant on Betula pubescens in Finland
Population differentiation in Solidago virgaurea along altitudinal gradients
Marlboro Arctic Rally : Rovaniemi 4.2.-6.2.1977 : Suomi Finland 1977.
Going north : peripheral tourism in Canada and Sweden
Isoprene emission from northern ecosystems under climate change
Mountain hiking in Norway
Abstract: The article reports the finding of a peat deposit and describes its type, vegetation, pollen stratigraphy, ash content and age determined by radiocarbon dating. The grain composition of the soil beneath the peat was examined by sifting. Finally there is a discussion of factors which have influenced the formation of the peat found on the top of the fell.
Distribution of Ichneumonidae (Hymenoptera) at different altitude belts in Finnish Lapland
Lithostratigraphy of the lower part of the Lifjell group, Telemark, Norway
Arctic Rally 24.-26.1.1997 : route map = Tunturiralli 24.-26.1.1997 : reittikartta = carte d'itinéraire
Watching the weather on Finland's fells
Abstract: The biomass of dwarf shrubs in an oligotrophic subarctic birch forest on the western edge of Hardangervidda in southern Norway is recorded by harvesting 1969-72. The production is calculated to...
33. Arctic Rally 98, 23.-25.1.1998 Rovaniemi Finland : route map 1:200000 = 33. Tunturiralli 98, 23.-25.1.1998 : reittikartta 1:200000
Peat at the top of Ruohttir fell, Finnish Lapland
Middle oroarctic vegetation in Finland and middle-northern artic vegetation on Svalbard
Tunturiralli = Arctic Rally : 18.-20.1.85 Rovaniemi-Finland
Climatic characteristics of the Kuusamo uplands
Sarek and Kebnekaise : where the light is ever-changing
Environmental factors controlling the position of the actual timberline and treeline on the fells of Finnish Lapland
Twenty lichens are reported as new to Finland from Mt. Saana and Mt.Malla in NWFinland: Caloplaca approximata, Caloplaca exsecuta, Eiglera flavida, Frigidopyrenia bryospila, Hymenelia melanocarpa, Hymenelia prevostii, Hymenelia rhodopis, Ionaspis ceracea, Lecanora torrida, Staurothele hymenogonia, Strigula muscicola, Thelidium decussatum*, Thelidium submethorium, Verrucaria cinereorufa, Verrucaria disjuncta*, Verrucaria papillosa, Verrucaria pinguicula*, Verrucaria subfuscata, Verrucaria subjunctiva* and Verrucaria tenebrica. The six species marked with an asterisk are also new to Fennoscandia. Additional 24 species are new to the biogeographical province Enontekiö Lapland (EnL). The Finnish records of Thelidiumpyrenophorum are corrected to represent T. auruntii. Most of the species new to Finland were found on calcareous rocks (dolomite), but twowere collected on calcareous soils and three on schistose rocks..
Environmental attitudes of british winter travellers in Fell Lapland
An association analysis method for detecting interspecific interactions, and a field test in alpine vegetation
The plant communities of the Scandinavian alpine snow-beds
Petra and the northern lights
Rondane : mountain vegetation in south Norway and its relation to the environment
Commons protected for or from the people : co-management in the Swedish mountain region?
A three-year survey of the duration of development of Cynomyia mortuorum (L.) (Dipt., Calliphoridae) in the conditions of a subarctic fell
Wolf winter
Plant community dynamics in tundra : propagule availability, biotic andenvironmental control
Low-alpine vegetation in Gutulia National Park, Engerdal, Hedmark, Norway, and its relation to the environment
Korvatunturi : The secret life of Santa Claus : tales from the land of Santa Claus
34. Arctic Rally 99, 29.-31.1.1999 Rovaniemi Finland : route map 1:200000 = 34. Tunturiralli 99, 29.-31.1.1999 : reittikartta 1:200000
The Mesoproterozoic sub-Svinsaga unconformity, central Telemark, Norway
The physical geography of Fennoscandia
On the abundance relations of mesofaunal groups in the ground layer of three subarctic habitats
Biomass, nutrient content and energy of some dwarf shrubs in a Norwegian subalpine birch forest
High- and mid-alpine vegetation in North Scandinavia : ecology and thermal relations
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
The Oligotrophic health vegetation of northern Fennoscandia and its zonation
Mapping the spatial distribution of geomorphological processes in the Okstindan area of northern Norway, using Geomorphic Process Units as derived from remote sensing and ground survey
Ylläs : elämää tuntureiden kupeissa : life by the fells = Ylläs
Topographic and altitudinal patterns of heath vegetation on Vannøya and the northern Varanger Peninsula, northern Norway
Lithostratigraphy of the Mesoproterozoic Oftefjell group, central Telemark, Norway
Notes on the lichen flora of the mountains Saana and Malla in NW Finland
Fjällen = the swedish mountains = das schwedische Fjäll
Reindeer-herding and the call for sustainability in the Swedish mountain region
The tale of a tunturi and other Muonio memories
Willow-characterised shrub vegetation in tundra and its relation to abiotic, biotic and anthropogenic factors
Arctic and oroarctic vegetation patterns in northern Europe as a consequence of topography, climate, bedrock conditions and grazing
Abstract.
Abstract: The abundance of gastropods, centipedes, harvestmen, spiders, and insects in the ground layer of pine forest, birch forest, and subalpine heath was investigated by pitfall trapping and sifting at Kevo (69° 45̕ N., 27° E.), Finnish Lapland, in the summer of 1969.
Arctic Rally 26.-28.1.1996 : route map = Tunturiralli 26.-28.1.1996 : reittikartta = carte d'itinéraire
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Finland's national parks : seas of blue, seas of green
Views : Norway seen from the Road 1733-2020 : [The National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design, Oslo, 22.06.2012 - 18.10.2012] / [editors: Nina Frang Høyum and Janika Kampevold Larsen]
Ecosystem-level consequences of climate warming in tundra under differing grazing pressures by reindeer
Ecological effects of grazing and trampling on mountain vegetation in Northern Sweden
Efficiency of the line transect method in mountain birch forest
Valon matka Lapin tuntureilta laaksoihin = The journey of light from the fells to the valleys of Lapland
Tunturiralli = Arctic Rally : 23.-25.1.1987 Rovaniemi-Finland
Developing Domestic Conference Tourism at Pyhätunturi Leisure Tourism Centre
Tunturiralli = Arctic Rally : 24.-26.1.86 Rovaniemi-Finland
The autumnal moth outbreak near Kilpisjärvi 2004-2005 : geographical distribution, damage occurrence on different landscapes, and effects on regional carbon stock
Tunturien helmet = Jewels of the fells
Fjellet i norsk kunst : oppdagelse / formasjon / visjon : [utstilling på Henie Onstad kunstsenter 7. februar - 4. mai 2008] = [The mountain in Norwegian art : discovery / formation / vision : exhibition on view at Henie Onstad Art Centre February 7 till M / Karin Hellandsjø (red.) ; Nils Messel ... [et al.]
Customer Satisfaction Research for Ruskotunturi Ski Centre
Alpine and subalpine vegetation at Kilpisjärvi, Finnish Lapland : distribution of biomass and net production and annual variations in biomass
