http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16826 military education
military education military training
The gates of Rome
Young samurai. [6] : The ring of fire
The new recruit
The School of the Americas : military training and political violence in the Americas
An abstract approach : rational non-sense to replace historical nonsense in educating leaders
Mapping military pedagogy in Europe
The learning and knowledge creating school : case of the Finnish National Defence College
Fighting in Vietnam :  the experiences of the U.S. soldier
Rapport från Militärhistorisk Konferens vid Militärhögskolan i juni 1983 = Report from the Royal Staff College of the Armed Forces conference June 1983
Physical training : (a) tables, (b) games, (c) unarmed fighting, (d) recreational training
Abstract.
Hands on the hilt : a brief history of Finnish officer training
Exploding wilderness : guerrilla-type activities in the Finnish art of war
Military pedagogy : a Soviet view
Soldier-scholars : higher education in the AEF, 1917-1919
The Armed Forces of the Soviet Union
Militarie instructions for the cavall'rie : (being a facsimile of the ed. of 1632)
Absolutely nothing
S. [190]-194: Summary.
Jarhead
The SAS combat handbook
Satisfaction in basic military training : an international comparison
Wikingin suomalaiset : suomalaiset SS-miehet kuvissa = Finnish volunteers of SS-division Wiking
Fighting techniques of a US marine 1941-1945 : training, techniques, and weapons
Military transformation : empowering action competence for the battle space 2025.
Trident K9 warriors : my tale from the training ground to the battlefield with elite Navy SEAL canines
Going commando
The military side of Japanese life
The commandos : the inside story of America's secret soldiers
Military brass vs. civilian academics at the National War College : a clash of cultures
Worlds apart : a muslim girl in the SAS
Renaissance war studies
Sixteen-year-old Liam is naturally bright and sharp, but directionless. He's a thrill seeker by nature until one night a stunt goes horribly wrong and his best friend is killed. Liam is devastated. Fast forward a year and Liam is training to be a soldier, desperate to forget his past and wanting to move on and make something of his life / WorldCat.
Association of military training with oxidative stress and overreaching
Ethical education in the military : what, how and why in the 21st century?
Merelle vahva : rajauksia horisontissa = Strong at sea : horizon is the limit
Command as the profession of military officers : concepts, components, education and training principles
Young samurai. [1] :The way of the warrior
Preparing to experience the unexpected : the challenges of transforming soldiership
Is timing everything? : an exploration of timing in intercultural communication studies and its role in training at the Finnish Defence Forces International Centre
The period 1603-1645 witnessed the publication of more than ninety books, manuals, and broadsheets dedicated to educating Englishmen in the military arts. Written with the intention of creating the 'complete soldier', this didactic literature provided gentlemen with the requisite knowledge to engage in infantry, cavalry, and siege warfare. Drawing on military history and book history, this is the first detailed study of the impact of military books on military practice in Jacobean and Caroline England. Putting military books firmly in the hands of soldiers, this work examines the circles that purchased and debated new titles, the veterans who authored them, and their influence on military thought and training in the years leading up to the English Civil War.
Military higher education : papers of the international conference on military higher education organized by the Education and Science Department of Ministry of Defence and Miklós Zrínyi National Defence University, Budapest, 23-24. November 1998.
New human challenges and possibilities of the military
United we stand - divided we fall : a standard model of unit cohesion
Suomen ilmavoimat 90 vuotta : suihkukonekausi 1953-2007 : the jet age 1953-2007 = The Finnish Air Force 90 years
Jackboot : the story of the German soldier
Rites of passage
Military ethics instruction - the educational challenges of the case-study method
SAS ultimate guide to combat : how to fight and survive in modern warfare
Manual of physical training : with amendments
Military training and children in armed conflict : law, policy and practice
Education of officers in selected NATO armies
Finnish Defence Studies is published under the auspices of the National Defence University, and the contributions reflect the fields of research and teaching of the University. Finnish Defence Studies will occasionally feature documentation on Finnish Security Policy. Views expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily imply endorsement by the National Defence University of Finland.
Manual of physical training for use in the United States Army
Education of the Soviet soldier : party-political work in the Soviet armed forces
The way of the dragon
Suomen ilmavoimat 85 vuotta = The Finnish air force 85 years
Military forces in 21st century peace operations : no job for a soldier?
The officer's handbook : a Soviet view a
Cultures, values and future soldiers
Group cohesion and soldiers' behavior in a simulated combat situation : empirical results from two infantry platoons
From separate institutes to the Institute of Military Science
Accepting a dare issued by her brother before his death, sisteen-year-old Sam McKenna joins the first-ever class of girls at a military academy and finds herself targeted by brutal male classmates whose actions are prompted by a secret society.
Summary.
National Defence College
Between dreams and reality : the military examination in late Chosŏn Korea, 1600-1894
"Laia is a Scholar living under the iron-fisted rule of the Martial Empire. When her brother is arrested for treason, Laia goes undercover as a slave at the empire's greatest military academy in exchange for assistance from rebel Scholars who claim that they will help to save her brother from execution"-- Provided by publisher
An officer and a gentlewoman : the making of a female British army officer
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
Military pedagogy in the future
An ember in the ashes : a novel
Ritland started his own company training and supplying dogs for the SEAL teams, U.S. Government, and Department of Defense. In "Trident K9 Warriors" he gives readers an inside look at these elite canines--who they are, how they are trained, and the extreme missions they undertake saving countless lives, asking for little in the way of reward.
The ring of wind
Summary: Creating an educational and training culture at the Finnish Defence Forces.
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
Exploding wilderness - guerrilla-type activity in Finnish military theory and art.
The way of the sword
Young samurai. [5] : The ring of water
Young samurai. [1] : The way of the warrior
The past as prologue : the importance of history to the military profession
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces 2005 : [2005-2006]
The army in Finland during the last decades of Swedish rule (1770-1809)
The complete soldier : military books and military culture in early Stuart England, 1603-1645
The death of kings
Military education in the age of the Bologna process
Left of bang : how the Marine Corps' combat hunter program can save your life
The warrior elite : the forging of Seal Class 228
To the shores of Tripoli
Basic Training For Dummies
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces 2004 : [2004-2005]
Responses to the need for trained military staff in Finland, 1918-1939
The strategic use of military contractors : American commercial military service providers in Bosnia and Liberia : 1995-2009
Beyond combat : essays in military history in honor of Russell F. Weigley
World elite forces
The ring of earth
The elite force manual of mental & physical endurance : how to reach your physical and mental peak
Developing security training and education in the Finnish defence forces : a military-pedagogical approach into open and distance learning
Learning and knowledge creating school. Case of the Finnish National Defence College
Facts about National Defence
Beyond training alone: the role of cohesion maximizing group performance
