http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16818 church criticism
church criticism
The Enlightenment and religion : the myths of modernity
Religion in the USSR : the truth and falsehood
Christian doctrines in Islamic theology
Reading the Qur'ān in Latin Christendom, 1140-1560
Ludus de decem virginibus : recovery of the sung liturgical core of the Thuringian Zehnjungfrauenspiel
Mozart's Requiem : reception, work, completion
Scripture and scholarship in early modern England
Bishops, politics and anti-clericalism in nineteenth century England and Sweden : an analysis of the debate on the political role of the Anglican bishops during the 1830s Parliamentary reform debate in comparison to Sweden
Fighting the Antichrist : a cultural history of anti-Catholicism in Tudor England
A mandate to difference : an invitation to the contemporary church
While bringing to life the movements, personalities, and spiritual disciplines that have always informed and ignited Christian worship and social activism, Butler Bass persuasively argues that corrective--even subversive--beliefs and practices have always been hallmarks of Christianity and are necessary to nourish communities of faith.
Northrop Frye on religion : excluding The great code and Words with power
Antwerp in the age of Reformation : underground Protestantism in a commercial metropolis, 1550-1577
"The Church and its spire" : John McGahern and the Catholic question
The war against Catholicism : liberalism and the anti-Catholic imagination in nineteenth-century Germany
An Orthodox festival book in the Habsburg Empire : Zaharija Orfelin's Festive greeting to Mojsej Putnik (1757)
Is eastern orthodoxy Christian?
Calvin and the Bible
God in the gallery : a Christian embrace of modern art
The case against christianity
Nicolas de Clamanges : spirituality, personal reform, and pastoral renewal on the eve of the reformations
Augustine De doctrina Christiana
The new anti-Catholicism : the last acceptable prejudice
Born of a woman : a bishop rethinks the birth of Jesus
Heresy of formlessness : the Roman liturgy and its enemy
I sold my soul on eBay : viewing faith through an atheist's eyes
The metaphor of God incarnate
Corpus Troporum. 9, Tropes for the proper of the mass ; The feasts of the blessed Virgin Mary
My struggle for freedom : memoirs
A Muslim study of the origins of the Christian church
The apocryphal Jesus : legends of the early church
In this volume, Lars Hartman deals with several major topics. Some of the essays are devoted to exegetical and hermeneutical issues, beginning with the theoretical considerations concerning what it means to write a commentary. These are followed by detailed studies on various aspects of text analysis as a preparation for his commentary on the Gospel of Mark. Furthermore, Hartman has written groundbreaking articles on baptism, especially in regard to the name formula. The final essays deal with the Hellenistic context of various New Testament texts and topics, for instance the study of "Hellenistic Elements in Apocalyptic Texts”. This volume is an appropriate complement to Lars Hartman's earlier collection on text-centered New Testament studies, which was published in 1997.
An index to the compound words in Flavius Josephus' Peri tou'Iourhaikou polemou in its Greek and Old Slavonic versions
A history of Polish Christianity
The religious policy of the Stalinist state : a case study : the Central Standing Commission on Religious Questions, 1929-1938
Encounter between eastern orthodoxy and radical orthodoxy : transfiguring the world through the Word
Theology and the end of doctrine
Life, courage, ice : a semiological essay on the old Russian biography of Aleksandr Nevskij
Theology as history, history as theology : Paul in Ephesus in Acts 19
Epiphanius of Salamis, doctor of iconoclasm? : deconstruction of a myth
Between the brown and the red : nationalism, Catholicism, and communism in twentieth-century Poland : the politics of Bolesław Piasecki
Rome's most faithful daughter : the Catholic Church and independent Poland, 1914-1939
Approaching New Testament texts and contexts : collected essays II
This book is about the crisis brought about by doctrine's estrangement from reality--that is from actual lives, experiences, histories, and from God. By invoking "the end of doctrine," Christine Helmer opens a new discussion of doctrinal production that is engaged with the challenges and possibilities of modernity. The end of doctrine refers on the one hand to unquestioning doctrinal reception, which Helmer critiques, and on the other, represents an invitation to a new way of understanding the aim of doctrine in deeper connection to the reality that it seeks. The book's first section offers an analysis of the current situation in theology by reconstructing a trajectory of Protestant theology from the turn of the twentieth century to today. This history focuses primarily on the status of the word in theology and explains how changes in theology in the context of the political and social crisis in Europe in the 1920s and 1930s led to a distancing of the word from reality. Helmer then turns to the constructive section of the book to propose a repositioning of theology to the world and to God. Helmer's powerful work will inspire revitalized interest in both doctrine and theological inquiry itself. Review: "The title is deliberately ambiguous: the true 'end' (purpose) of doctrine is to point beyond itself to the relation of the living God to human beings in this world. Where this 'end' is lost to view, we are threatened with the 'end' (demise) of doctrine. Christine Helmer wants to reinvigorate doctrine. To accomplish this goal, she takes us on a historical journey through twentieth-century theology: from the Ritschlian reaction against mysticism and metaphysics and Brunner's critique of Schleiermacher through Barth's theology of the Word to the creation of an epistemic model by the so-called Yale School in which doctrine has lost its referential status altogether and thus its connection to divine and historical reality. Helmer's constructive solution proceeds through a recovery of Schleiermacher's epistemology (exploding a few myths about the great Berliner along the way!) in order to advance an understanding of doctrine as the expression of a socially conceived interaction with the 'real.' What emerges from this fine study is a theological epistemology that expands and deepens Barth's concept of the Word in important ways and an understanding of doctrine that repairs the damage done to its reputation in recent decades." --Bruce L. McCormack, Charles Hodge Professor of Systematic Theology, Princeton Theological Seminary "Recent discussion on doctrine has often been critical of the theological insights of modernity. Christine Helmer undertakes a careful revision of this discussion, emphasizing the need to take history and religious studies seriously. She demonstrates that this emphasis does not downplay the language and reality of theological doctrine but gives them a new relevance." -Risto Saarinen, Professor of Ecumenics, University of Helsinki "Helmer's book is a groundbreaking revitalization of doctrine for Christian theology and faith but also for the academy. It critiques two prominent approaches: authoritarian views of doctrine that deny its constructed character and the reductionist tendencies of religious studies where 'theology' and doctrine are viewed as anti-intellectual. The crucial connection of doctrine to transcendence through human witness, Helmer argues, requires recognition of doctrine's socially constructed character and the necessity of change. Reappropriating the contributions of Martin Luther and Friedrich Schleiermacher in enormously enlightening ways, she even shows how the work of Karl Barth supports her case for combining social constructionism and the transcendent." --Mary McClintock Fulkerson, Professor of Theology, Duke Divinity School "This is a stimulating work in constructive theology that opens up fresh approaches to several problems at once: the dual responsibility of theology to church and academy, the tension between transhistorical truth and historical tradition, and, most of all, the relation of doctrinal language to a theological reality (i.e., God) that, precisely because it is living, invites us to say not only something faithful but also something new." --Kevin J. Vanhoozer, Research Professor of Systematic Theology, Trinity Evangelical Divinity School "Succinct and elegantly written, this book is an unflinching engagement with our contemporary suspicion that doctrine (or theology itself) has come to an end. Helmer sketches a compelling vision of a new end for doctrine--one that is designed to resonate across academy, culture, and church. That she manages to do this in conversation with theology, religious studies, and philosophy without ever losing the forest for the trees makes her book an excellent candidate for cross-disciplinary discussion." --Andrew Chignell, Associate Professor of Philosophy, Susan Linn Sage School of Philosophy, Cornell University
A people's history of Christianity : the other side of the story
On the apostolic tradition
