http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16883 raw material resources
raw material resources
Mind over matter : recasting the role of materials in our lives
Current world fertilizer trends and outlook to 2007/08
Development of pretreatment technology and enzymatic hydrolysis for biorefineries
The new scramble for Africa
Prehistoric quarries and lithic production
Factor four : doubling wealth - halving resource use : the new report to the Club of Rome
Long-term prospects for industrial materials
Papermaking science and technology. Book 2, Forest resources and sustainable management
Russia's northern regions on the edge : communities, industries and populations from Murmansk to Magadan
"Presents an original theoretical approach to political geography by revealing the paradoxical relationship between materials and politics"--
Abstract (s. 5).
Securing resources by force : the need for raw materials and military intervention by major powers in less developed countries
Treasures of the earth : need, greed, and a sustainable future
Recycling and long-range timber outlook : background research report 1993 RPA assessment update USDA forest service
An introduction to sustainable resource use
Sustainable growth and resource productivity : economic and global policy issues
Energy3 : raw materials, production, technology : competitive analysis of Nortwest Russian energy cluster
Forecasting commodity prices with nonlinear models
Playing fields of the future
The Russian economy is evidently largely based on the energy sector.This has raised concern in academic circles as to whether Russia is to some degree affected by the Dutch disease, i.e. whether a sharp rise of commodity prices results in an appreciation of the real exchange rate, which undermines the competitiveness of manufacturing and may lead to the deindustrialization of the economy.We focus on this possible final outcome, which has not been studied much in the literature so far: We compare Russian industrial import growth - based on EU-25 volume export figures to Russia - with domestic industrial production growth, disaggregated by branches, in the period from 2002 to 2006.In all manufacturing sectors except electrical, electronic and optical equipment and strongly protected foodstuffs, imports are found to be expanding faster than domestic output.In some sectors, imports have even exceeded domestic production.Import competition is therefore strong and rising.We conclude that Russia may be facing incipient deindustrialization at least in some parts of the manufacturing sector.This could indicate that the Russian economy has contracted the Dutch disease, although it should be noted that other factors could also have driven sectoral changes.While it is beyond the scope of our study to examine whether the other chain links of the Dutch disease hold as well, it does provide evidence of some movements in the direction of deindustrialization, which is in line with the Dutch disease theory. Keywords: Dutch disease, Russia, EU25, import competition, deindustrialization, foreign trade .
Plundered nations? : successes and failures in natural resource extraction
Biogas from waste and renewable resources : an introduction
Working together : collective action, the commons, and multiple methods in practice
Industrial metabolism : restructuring for sustainable development
Biorefineries - industrial processes and products : status quo and future directions
Winner take all : China's race for resources and what it means for us
World phosphates supply to the year 2000
Environmental and natural resource economics
Testing theories of economic imperialism
Potentials and policy implications of energy and material efficiency improvement
This is a comprehensive overview of global issues of raw materials supply and resource use. It looks at eco-efficiency, resource productivity, corporate management, global governance, and much more.
The Encyclopedia of Wood : A tree-by-tree guide to the world's most versatile resource
Chert availability and prehistoric exploitation in the Near East
Corporate governance of sustainability : a co-evolutionary view on resource management
Environmental & Natural resource economics
Resource flows : the material basis of industrial economies
Renewable raw materials : new feedstocks for the chemical industry
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
A large number of low-income less-developed countries are dependent on just a few primary commodities for their export earnings. Reliance on primary commodities is particularly hazardous given the extreme behaviour and poor visibility of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage theory postulates that commodity prices are determined by expected futures prices, commodity stocks and the cost of carry. This paper uses a rich data set gathered primarily from the London Metal Exchange to test for the empirical application of the theory. In-sample analysis provides support for the theory whilst the out-of sample-results cast doubt concerning practical efficacy.
The Rusian non-fuel sector : signs of Dutch disease? : evidence  from EU-25 import competition
"The study of natural resource extraction in resource-rich countries often shows that plunder, rather than prosperity, has become the norm. Management of natural resources differs widely in every state; a close examination of the decision making chains in various states highlights the key principles that need to be followed to avoid distortion and dependence. This book consists of eight case studies investigating the political economy of the decision chain, revealing where various states have met with success, or failed disastrously. This original research provides a unique insight into how different countries have handled their resource extraction. This book is essential reading for students, researchers and policy makers working across development economics and natural resource economics. "-- Provided by publisher.
Globalization and the race for resources
Stolen fruit : the tropical commodities disaster
Surfing the sixth wave : exploring the next 40 years of global change : the interim report of the project "The 6th wave and systemic innovations for Finland : success factors for the years 2010-2050 (6th wave)"
The reliance on primary commodity exports posits a weighty problem for a large number of low-income less-developed countries, which is further aggravated by the erratic behaviour of commodity prices. Rational expectations competitive storage models conjecture that storage behaviour engenders nonlinear commodity pricing processes. Motivated by theoretical considerations state of the art nonlinear time series models are put to the task of forecasting an important subset of primary commodities, base metals. Nonlinear models, especially feedforward artificial neural networks, meet their mettle and hence may prove useful tools from a commodity-policy standpoint by providing at least some degree of visibility.
Testing the rational expectations competitive storage hypothesis
Material politics : disputes along the pipeline
Resource wars : the new landscape of global conflict
