http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16869 sociology of art
sociology of art
"Sociology of the Arts is a comprehensive overview of the sociology of art and an authoritative work of scholarship by a leading expert in the field. The book synthesizes the various theoretical models of art sociology, and provides empirical examples as well as stimulating exemplars of sociological work on the arts. Case studies of art works are from both ends of the cultural spectrum: fine arts (theatre, dance, symphony, opera) and popular arts (Hollywood movies, pop music, pulp fiction, TV drama and comedy, advertising). These studies, combined with the book's considerable theoretical breadth and insight, explore how art is created, distributed, received, consumed, and used by people who experience it. The book also discusses the newly emerging question of the art object itself, and the meaning of art works."--BOOK JACKET.
The social imagination : the education of didactic contemporary artists ; Public expression : didactic contemporary artists as educators
Edward Said's translocations : essays in secular criticism
The sociology of art
Art and society
Making contemporary art : how today's artists think and work / Linda Weintraub
Random acts of culture : reclaiming art and community in the 21st century
Art incorporated : the story of contemporary art / Julian Stallabrass
History on art's side : social dynamics in artistic efflorescences
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution
Not at home : the suppression of domesticity in modern art and architecture / edited and introduced by Christopher Reed
The social production of art
Constructing a sociology of the arts
Music and the sociological gaze : art worlds and cultural production
In Ethics after Idealism, Rey Chow explores once again the issue of cultural otherness that has been central to her work. She argues that at a time when cultural identity has become imbricated with the way we read our many "others," what must be examined critically is no longer identity politics per se but the idealism - especially in the sense of idealizing otherness - that lies at the heart of identity politics. Recognizing the necessity for a critique of idealism constitutes for Chow an ethics in the postcolonial, postmodern age. In particular, she uses "ethics" to designate the act of making decisions - in this context, decisions of reading - that may not immediately conform with prevalent social mores of idealizing our others but that, nonetheless, enables such others to emerge in their full complexities." "Chow discusses an array of source materials whose affinities are as surprising as their appearances are heterologous. The readings she offers involve various cultural forms - fiction, film, popular music, poetry, and critical essays - and address a wide range of cultural topics, such as pedagogy, multiculturalism, fascism, sexuality, miscegenation, community, fantasy, governance, nostalgia, and postcoloniality.
Women, Art, and Power - seven landmark essays on women artists and women in art history- brings together the work of almost twenty years of scholarship and speculation.
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 4, Art and changing civilization
Photography, vision and the production of modern bodies / Suren Lalvani
The search for meaning
Films and feelings
Music, culture, and society : a reader
Careers and creativity : social forces in the arts
Myth, meaning, and performance : toward a new cultural sociology of the arts
Race, ethnicity, and participation in the arts : patterns  of participation by Hispanics, Whites, and African-Americans in selected activities from the 1982 and 1985 surveys of public participation in the arts
Subject, society and culture
The creative bits : the social impacts of the arts using digital technology : a report for the Carnagie UK Trust
Art is not what you think it is
"The links between cinema and war machines have long been established. At the same time, cinema represents an often overlooked, yet crucial channel of tackling the difficult themes of post-traumatic memory. This book explores the range, form, and valences of trauma narratives that permeate the most notable narrative films about the breakup of Yugoslavia. It examines how film plays a part in coming to terms with the traumatic effects that wars have on communities, by ways of forming an archive of publically circulated, mass-mediated cultural memories"--
InCITE, inSIGHT, inSITE : journal of social theory in art education : the first 25 years
Decomposition : post-disciplinary performance
Surface & depth : dialectics of criticism and culture / Richard Shusterman
The dancer's survival manual : everything you need to know from the first class to career change
Beyond enrichment : building effective partnerships with schools and your community
Art and social structure
Radical perspectives in the arts
Art, politics, and cultural identification in Sudan
The uses of images : studies in the social function of art and visual communication / E. H. Gombrich
Terror and the arts : artistic, literary, and political interpretations of violence from Dostoyevksy to Abu Ghraib
Visual worlds
Compañeras : women, art, & social change in Latin America
Social theories of art : a critique
Sociology looks at the arts
Artistic expression - a sociological analysis
Post- to neo- : the art world of the 1980s / Calvin Tomkins
Beyond aesthetics : art and the technologies of enchantment
Towards a new kind of system of art : the shift from the modern to the contemporary sphere of art from the standpoint of system-theoretical and systemic sociology
Music and its social meanings
Art in modern culture : an anthology of critical texts
Advances in visual methodology
Academies, museums and canons of art
Toward the postmodern
On becoming an artist
Art worlds
The social production of art / Janet Wolff
Women, art, and power and other essays
Art and the state : the visual arts in comparative perspective
Talking prices : symbolic meanings of prices on the market for contemporary art
Ideology and cultural production
Sport as symbol : images of the athlete in art, literature and song
Artists and their public
Art is a problem : selected criticism, essays, interviews and curatorial projects (1986-2011)
The Sage handbook of performance studies
"Sociology Looks at the Arts is intended as a concise yet nuanced introduction to the sociology of art. This book will provide a foundation for teaching and discussing a range of questions and perspectives used by sociologists who study the relationship between the arts--including music, performing arts, visual arts, literature, film and new media--and society. "--
The social function of art
Empirical studies of the arts
Routledge international handbook of the sociology of art and culture
October
Working with processes of translocation enabled Edward Said to point out interdependence and complementarity across geographical borders and disciplinary boundaries while recognizing cultural difference and the distinct historical experiences of colonizer and colonized. This book brings into focus Said's politics of reading, from his literary criticism in English to his political columns in Arabic. The international contributors--from Britain, Egypt, France, Germany, India, Switzerland, and the United States--investigate his intellectual legacies without necessarily identifying themselves with the critical positions these involve. Instead of treating his work as a unitary theoretical system, the various arguments explored offer a critical assessment of those situations in which his writing has entered into a productive relationship with other theoretical positions and interlocutors. The collection considers location, which has always been a central category in and for Said's writing; readings, which designates the acts by which, according to Said, the world comes to be constituted; and legacies, which pertains to the many fields across the boundaries of established academic disciplines that have taken up Said's challenges. The critical positions visited in this book include critical and cultural theory, postcolonialism, literary studies, theatre and performance studies, and visual and music studies.
Hermeneutic philosophy and the sociology of art : an approach to some of the epistemological problems of the sociology of knowledge and the sociology of art and literature
Picturing power : visual depiction and social relations
Women, art, and society
Views of difference : different views of art
Art and celebrity
The modern and contemporary sphere of art and its place in societal-cultural reality in the light of system-theoretical and systemic sociology : a study of a sociological research tradition and its art-theoretical contribution / Erkki Sevänen
The popular arts
Suddenly one summer : a sociological portrait of the Joensuu Festival
Art as experience
The distorting mirror : visual modernity in China
Spatial aesthetics : art, place and the everyday
The end of the art world
The invention of art history in ancient Greece : religion, society and artistic rationalisation
The social history of Roman art
Man and work : literature and culture in industrial society
Allegories of communication : intermedial concerns from cinema to the digital
Different worlds : a sociological study of taste, choice and success in art
The aesthetics of power : essays in critical art history
Batteries of life : on the history of things and their perception in modernity
The field of cultural production : essays on art and literature
Herbert Marcuse : an aesthetics of liberation
The sociology of art and literature : a reader
The murmuring of the artistic multitude : global art, memory and post-Fordism
Art and liberation
Learning to see : historical perspective on modern popular/commercial arts
The rest is silence Zahoor ul Akhlaq : art and society in Pakistan
Literary taste, culture and mass communication. Vol. 3, Art and social life
Hanging the head : portraiture and social formation in eighteenth-century England
What is the artist's role today? = Quel est le role de l'artiste aujourd'hui? / Palais de Tokyo ; directeurs de publication: Jérome Sans et Marc Sanchez
"When capitalism is clearly catastrophically out of control and its excesses cannot be sustained socially or ecologically, the ideas of Herbert Marcuse become as relevant as they were in the 1960s. This is the first English introduction to Marcuse to be published for decades, and deals specifically with his aesthetic theories and their relation to a critical theory of society. Although Marcuse is best known as a critic of consumer society, epitomised in the classic One-Dimensional Man, Malcolm Miles provides an insight into how Marcuse's aesthetic theories evolved within his broader attitudes, from his anxiety at the rise of fascism in the 1930s through heady optimism of the 1960s, to acceptance in the 1970s that radical art becomes an invaluable progressive force when political change has become deadlocked. Marcuse's aesthetics of liberation, in which art assumes a primary role in interrupting the operation of capitalism, made him a key figure for the student movement in the 1960s. As diverse forms of resistance rise once more, a new generation of students, scholars and activists will find Marcuse's radical theory essential to their struggle"--Publisher's website.
Painting and the politics of culture : new essays on British art, 1700-1850
The theatrical city : culture, theatre and politics in London, 1576-1649
"Art matters. It affects us in our daily lives, and is full of meanings which are valuable to all of us. A catalyst for social interactions, art may either cause public conflict and create dissensions, or facilitate mutual understanding and strengthen collective bonds. All of this is grounded in practices that develop and change along social, cultural, technological and economic lines. So how is art formed and produced? What are the relevant constraints and challenges that artists experience in the creative process? And what constitutes artistic agency? This collection of original contributions from international, interdisciplinary experts explores particular case studies to deeply analyse artistic practices. Comprising eleven chapters relating to different art forms, each chapter in this volume offers an original perspective conveying a deep understanding of artistic practices as arrays of specific activities in contemporary art worlds. This book will be important for both researchers and practitioners in the field. It will help artists to deepen their analytical abilities, enabling them to further their own creative practice. It will allow students and researchers to gain insights into processes of artistic creation and thus into the reproduction of art, as well as innovation in the arts".
Sociology of the arts : exploring fine and popular forms
Ethics after idealism : theory - culture - ethnicity - reading
The Aesthetics of Power gathers together the key articles and essays by Carol Duncan, one of the pioneers of a new socio-political approach to art history and criticism, and one of the strongest feminist voices to emerge in the 1970s and '80s. These essays, many of which have become classics, explore a wide variety of subjects: images of mothers, fathers, and children in eighteenth century art and culture; the image of the female nude in the context of the modern museum; and the role of modern art criticism in today's art market. Other essays examine the contexts in which art is seen, taught, and made. Whatever her theme, Duncan treats art as a working part of a larger social reality and a pathway to understanding its deepest tensions, fears, and desires. A final section of this book is devoted to the life and collected critical writings of Cheryl Bernstein, a fictitious critic created by Duncan as parody, but who was taken as a real and eventually influential, critic.
Art for life : authentic instruction in art
Art and social change : a critical reader
Seeing high & low : representing social conflict in American visual culture
Consuming bodies : sex and contemporary Japanese art / edited by Fran Lloyd
Performance : critical concepts in literary and cultural studies
On the consumption of pictorial art
Curating now : imaginative practice, public responsibility
The artist in the changing city
The south in architecture : the Dancy lectures, Alabama College 1941
Making faces : a sociological analysis of portrait painting
Artur Zmijewski : the applied social arts / editors Liz Burns, Clodagh Kenny
Inside the White Cube : the ideology of the gallery space
Artistic practices : social interactions and cultural dynamics
Marc Chagall on art and culture : including the first book on Chagall's art by A. Efros and Ya. Tugendhold (Moscow, 1918)
The longing for authentic experiences : the subjective meaning of visual audience and amateur artists
Art as a social system
Disability and contemporary performance : bodies on edge
Taliruni's travellers : an arts worker's view of evaluation
Aesthetics and the sociology of art
Dealing with Degas : representations of women and the politics of vision
The grass roots of art
Dislocated screen memory : narrating trauma in post-Yugoslav cinema
Dancing and mixed media : early twentieth-century modern dance theory in text and photography
This book offers a comprehensive overview of sociology of art and culture, focusing especially - though not exclusively - on the visual arts, literature, music, and digital culture. Extending, and critiquing, Bourdieu's influential analysis of cultural capital, the distinguished international contributors explore the extent to which cultural omnivorousness has eclipsed highbrow culture, the role of ethnicity and migration on cultural practices, the character of aesthetic preferences, the contemporary significance of screen culture, and the restructuring of popular culture. The Handbook critiques modes of sociological determinism in which cultural engagement is seen as the simple product of the educated middle classes. The contributions explore the critique of Eurocentrism and the global and cosmopolitan dimensions of cultural life. The book focuses particularly on bringing cutting edge relational research methodologies, both qualitative and quantitative, to bear on these debates. This handbook not only describes the field, but also proposes an agenda for its development which will command major international interest.
