http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16893 sowing seed
sowing seed
Direct seeding of Pinus sylvestris (L.) in the boreal forest using orchard or stand seed
The effect of storage on the germination of lindane-treated seeds and the efficacy of such treatment in controlling flea beetles (Phyllotreta spp.) and cabbage root flies (Hylemyia spp.)
Seed viability and vigour play important roles in seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and yield potential. The majority of cereal fields in Finland are typically sown with farm saved seed (FSS). If the quality of the seed is not known, there can be insidious yield reduction. This research was conducted to study the effects of seed quality on seedling emergence rate, seedling number and yielding capacity. The study comprised three-year field experiments conducted during 2007-2009, established at three sites: Jokioinen, Nousiainen and Ylistaro. Spring barley cultivars Saana (2007) and Annabell (2008-2009) were sown at rate of 500 germinating seeds m-2. Five seed lots were included as treatments: farm saved seed (FSS); downgraded seed <2.5 mm (FSS<2.5 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm (FSS>2.7 mm); upgraded seed >2.7 mm with disinfection (FSS>2.7 mm + dis); and commercial certified seed with disinfection (CCS). Up- and down-graded seed lots (FSS<2.5 mm, FSS>2.7 mm, and FSS>2.7 mm + dis) all originated from the FSS. Seedling emergence rate was measured from the time when coleoptiles started to break through the soil surface. The number of seedlings (3 × 1 m row per plot) was recorded at five-day intervals four times from the same rows. Plots were harvested at physiological maturity and grain yield (kg ha-1), hectolitre weight (HLW, kg) single grain weight (SGW, mg) and grain protein content (%) were recorded. Seed lots of CCS and FSS>2.7 mm + dis enhanced seedling emergence rate and increased the number of plants compared with other treatments. These two seed lots also produced the highest grain yield and had the lowest grain protein. Seed quality had an apparent effect on plant stand establishment and grain yield. A seed lot effect was evident despite identical targeted sowing rates that took into account germination rate and seed weight. Therefore, differences in seedling emergence and yielding capacity were likely outcomes of variation in seed vigour among the five treatments.
Larix sibirica Ledeb. is one of the promising timber species for planting in the boreal ecosystem; but poor seed lot quality is the major hurdle for production of sufficient quantity of planting stocks. Here, we evaluated the potential of Near Infrared (NIR) Spectroscopy for sorting viable and non-viable seeds, as the conventional sorting technique is inefficient. NIR reflectance spectra were collected from single seeds, and discriminant models were developed with Orthogonal Projections to Latent Structure - Discriminant Analysis (OPLS-DA). The computed model predicted the class membership of filled-viable, empty and petrified seeds in the test set with 98%, 82% and 87% accuracy, respectively. When two-class OPLS-DA model was fitted to discriminate viable and non-viable (empty and petrified seeds combined), the predicted class membership of test set samples was 100% for both classes. The origins of spectral differences between non-viable (petrified and empty) and viable seeds were attributed to differences in seed moisture content and storage reserves. In conclusion, the result provides evidence that NIR spectroscopy is a powerful non-destructive method for sorting non-viable seeds of Larix sibirica; thus efforts should be made to develop on-line sorting system for large-scale seed handling..
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of pinus sylvestris and picea abies regenerated from seeds
Seedling establishment and growth after direct seeding with Pinus sylvestris : effects of seed type, seed origin, and seeding year
Effects of inoculation of Azospirillum sp. in maize seeds under field conditions
Seed quality effects on seedling emergence, plant stand establishment and grain yield in two-row barley
Principles of seed science and technology
Seed policy and programmes for the Central and Eastern European countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other countries in transition : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes for the Central and Eastern European Countries, Commonwealth of Independent States and other Countries in Transition : Budapest, Hungary, 6-10 March 2001.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Seed Enhancement and Seedling Production Technology : Seoul, Korea, August 13-19, 2006
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Utilisation areas of seed sources
The effect of various stickers used in lindane seed treatment on the germination of swede and turnip
Seeds of forest broadleaves from harvest to sowing
Seed trade in rural markets : implications for crop diversity and agricultural development
Seed treatment
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : best practices and options for decision making
CRC handbook of transportation and marketing in agriculture
FAO seed review. 1979-80
The ecology of seeds
Seed technology and its biological basis
Towards effective and sustainable seed relief activities : report of the Workshop on Effective and Sustainable Seed Relief Activities, Rome, 26-28 May 2003 : edited by Louise Sperling, Thomas Osborn and David Cooper
Agricultural seed production
Handbook of seed physiology : applications to agriculture
Organic seed in the Nordic countries
Proceedings of the Vth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : intergrating methods for producing more with less : Murcia and Almeria, Spain, September 27 - October 1, 2009
Proceedings of the XXVIII International Horticultural Congress on Science and Horticulture for People. Proceedings of the International Symposium on Environmental, Edaphic, and Genetic Factors Affecting Plants, Seeds and Turfgrass : Lisbon, Portugal, August 22-27, 2010
Seeds in emergencies : a technical handbook
Agricultural and horticultural seeds : their production, control and distribution
Amendments to the international rules for seed testing 1985 : as agreed on by the 22nd ISTA Congress in Edinburgh, July 1989 : valid July 1st, 1990.
Seed pathology. 2
Rice seed health : proceedings of the International workshop on rice seed health, 16-20 March 1987.
Seed multiplication by resource-limited farmers : proceedings of the Latin American Workshop, GoiÃania, Brazil, 7 - 11 April 2003 ; [Latin American Workshop on Seed Multiplication by Resource-Limited Farmers]
Planting and growing
Winter turnip rape in mixed cropping : advantages and disadvantages
Promoting the growth and development of smallholder seed enterprises for food security crops : case studies from Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India
Quarantine for seed : proceedings of the Workshop on Quarantine for Seed in the Near East, held at the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA), Aleppo, Syrian Arab Republic, 2 to 9 November 1991
Symposium on seed research in horticulture : flowers, vegetables, medicine and aromatic plants and spices, Angers, France, September 5-9, 1988
The effects of site and soil properties on the establishment and early development of Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies regenerated from seeds
Seed aging : implications for seed storage and persistence in the soil
FAO seed review. 1984-85
Near Infrared Spectroscopy as non-destructive method for sorting viable, petrified and empty seeds of Larix sibirica
Polymer coated turnip rape seed did not facilitate early broadcast sowing under Finnish growing conditions
Site-specific grasses and herbs : seed production and use for restoration of mountain environments
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
The physiology of vegetable crops
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
Quality declared seed system : expert consultation, Rome 5-7 May 2003
Seed production : principles and practices
Soil-bioengineering: ecological restoration with native plant and seed material : conference ; 5. - 9. September 2006 HBLFA Raumberg-Gumpenstein = Ingenieurbiologie: Begrünung mit standortgerechtem Saat- und Pflanzgut = Ingegneria naturalistica: ripristino della vegetazione con sementi e materiali vegetali idonei al sito
Proceedings of the IVth International Symposium on Seed, Transplant and Stand Establishment of Horticultural Crops : San Antonio, Texas, USA, December, 3-6, 2006
"This paper reviews case studies on smallholder seed enterprises in Brazil, Côte d'Ivoire and India, as well as relevant world literature in order to identify key issues that facilitate or constrain the development of the seed factor. The final section provides some guidelines on policy design and implementation to promote the development of sustainable seed enterprises at different stages in the evolution of national seed factors. It provides examples of good practices and hence seeks to assist governments in identifying ways in which they can support the development of smallholder seed enterprises that will provide the most appropriate varieties to smallholder farmers in their efforts to boost food production."--Provided by publisher
