http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16802 cardboard
cardboard
Papier mâché : 25 creative projects shown step by step
Cardboard : the art of cardboard in 25 beautiful projects
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Choosing and using paper for great graphic design
To dye for : 25 great dyeing ideas for the home
Development of analysis method for determination of mineral oil contamination in cardboard
Making decorative boxes
European market for lining papers
Paper and board : accelerated ageing : part 3 : moist heat treatment at 80 °C and 65 % relative humidity
Long-term supply and demand projections for wood products in Austria until 2020 : a contribution to the UN-ECE/FAO "European forest sector outlook study" = Langfristige Vorausschau für das Angebot von und die Nachfrage nach Holzprodukten in Österreich bis 2020
Press forming of paperboard : advancement of converting tools and process control
Cardboard
Outside the box : cardboard design now
Packaging prototypes 3 : thinking green
The market potential of paper-based food trays with biodegradable coating in the United Kingdom
Weave, coil & plait crafty containers from recycled materials
Some Latin America - and a little Finland, too
FANCY DRESS : a treasure trove of amazingly original designs - simple to make and fun to wear
Handmade decorative books
Cardboard book
Testing methods and instruments for corrugated board
The Power of Paper : in Graphic Design
Papermaking science and technology. Book 4, Papermaking chemistry
Stamping made easy
Production and converting of corrugated board
The opportunities of replacing a part of folding boxboard packages with micro flute packages in Finland
Packaging prototypes
Paper and paperboard packaging technology
Enhancement of water removal in the press section
Creative packaging structures
Structural package designs
Ecodesign of hybrid paperboard tray : sustainable and eco- appearance in packaging
CARDBOARD
The paper playhouse : awesome art projects for kids using paper, boxes, and books
Papermaking science and technology. Book 14, Process control
Mini makers : crafty makes to create with your kids
Paper sculpture : over 25 cute and quirky paper mâché projects
Model boat building
Paper, scissors, glue : 45 fun and creative papercraft projects for kids
Alternative approaches to modeling long-term world paper and board consumption : an assessment of their usefulness for practical forecasting purposes
Paper, board and pulps : fibre furnish analysis : part 5: Lofton-Merritt staining test (modification of Wisbar)
Dryad technology : implementing spraying technology in paper and board manufacturing
Demand drivers for containerboard
3D art lab for kids : 32 hands-on adventures in sculpture and mixed media
Paper and board : accelerated ageing : part 4 : dry heat treatment at 120 or 150 °C
Papermaking science and technology. 1, Economics of the pulp and paper industry
Vintage cards to make and treasure / Judy Balchin... [et al.]
Ultimate celebration cards : Over 200 card designs for special occasions througout the year
Structural design on paper board cartons
Paper, board and pulps : fibre furnish analysis : part 4: craff "C" staining test
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Printing
Paper, board and pulps : fibre furnish analysis : part 3: Herzberg staining test
The washboard phenomenon in corrugated board, the emergence and preventative measures
Pahvihirsitalo = Paper tube structure project
Papermaking science and technology. Book 15, Materials, corrosion prevention, and maintenance
Forest products annual market review 2006-2007
Papermaking science and technology. 16, Paper physics
Most incredible cardboard toys in the whole wide world
The packaging designer's book of patterns
This thesis is the result of co-operation between Fastpap Oy, Räpina Paberivabrik AS and Tampere University of Applied Sciences. Work originated from Fastpap Oy and the target of this thesis work was to gain knowledge from the mill and the product in order to take the efficiency of the machine even further. Fastpap had delivered a comprehensive rebuild on the wet end of the machine. The results were good but the targeted production rate was not achieved. The old dryer section could not cope with the new capacity of the wet end. This thesis aims to collect all the information that helps to improve the efficiency of the dryer section. Couple of studies were already made to assess the current state of the machine. This work is a summary of those studies already made incorporating further machine concept and properties of the paperboard affecting to the drying efficiency.  The theoretical part of this thesis includes the operation principles of the conventional wire section. This was made to explain the origins of the two sidedness of the product. The drying section concept point of view was also included since the possible bottlenecks of the process would locate on this particular section. The experimental section of this thesis covered the analysis of the product. This analysis gave a vital information of the product to understand the drying process. Besides testing the basic properties of the paperboard, the air permeance and absorbency of the product were examined. Experimental drying simulation were also carried out. The results of the earlier studies from the machine concept point of view were included to gain comprehensive view from the process of this particular machine.  The results of the product analysis did not reveal any severe signs of the two sidedness of the paperweb affecting the drying process. Excluding the surface roughness of the paperboard, the results were quite uniform on the top and the wire side of the product. Some possible improvements on the machine concept point of view were discovered. Most of these discovered points of improvements were already covered in a way or another in the earlier studies. In addition, the assumed originating factors of these detected points were considered. This thesis gives a comprehensive idea of the operating process and the paperboard produced on site. These extensive results can be used as a tool for estimating the possible investments in the mill.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 16, Paper physics
Optimization of dryer section for recycled paperboard
Basketmaking : get started in a new craft with easy-to-follow projects for beginners
Papermaking science and technology. Book 8, Papermaking : part 1: Stock preparation and wet end
Creating with corrugated paper
Paper, board and pulps : fibre furnish analysis : part 2: staining guide
Papermaking science and technology. Book 10, Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Pressure filtration characteristics of enzymatically hydrolyzed biomass suspensions
Fun with paper bags & cardboard tubes
The toilet roll activity book
Embroidered boxes : making practical items for embroidery
A technical workshop : juvenile wood : what does it mean to forest management and forest products? : proceedings 47309
Papermaking science and technology. Book 18, Paper and board grades
Papier-mâché : over 20 creative projects for the home
The most incredible cardboard toys in the whole wide world
Paper, board and pulps : fibre furnish analysis : part 1: general method
Cam's down-and-out father gives him a cardboard box for his birthday and he knows it's the worst present ever. So to make the best of a bad situation, they bend the cardboard into a man-and to their astonishment, it comes magically to life. But the neighborhood bully, Marcus, warps the powerful cardboard into his own evil creations that threaten to destroy them all! / WolrdCat.
The packaging designerś book of patterns
Disintegration of packaging material : an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping
Look what you can make with boxes : [over 90 pictured crafts and dozens of other ideas]
The power of paper in graphic design
The influence of wet pressing and precalendering on the structure and properties of double-coated woodfree board
A fun activity book packed full of simple craft projects based around using a toilet roll. With full colour photographs and illustrated step-by-step instructions kids will learn how to transform ordinary toilet-roll tubes into extraordinary things - from racing cars and rockets to cute owls and woolly sheep / WorldCat.
Papermaking science and technology. Book 9, Papermaking : part 2, Drying
Papermaking science and technology. 12, Paper and paperboard converting
Effects of converting on barrier properties of multi-component coatings
Project modelling : farming, fishing, houses
Making books by hand : a step-by-step guide
Disintegration of packaging material:an experimental study of approaches to lower energy consumption
First models in cardboard
Papermaking science and technology. Book 12, Paper and paperboard converting
More packaging prototypes
Papermaking science and technology. Book 5, Mechanical pulping
Special packaging
Handbook of paper and paperboard packaging technology
Papier mache : 25 creative projects shown step by step
Creative cardboard : making fabulous furniture, amazing accessories, and other spectacular stuff
