http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1685 sea fishing
sea fishing
Evolving property rights in marine fisheries
Report of the nineteenth session of the fishery committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : Cotonou, Benin, 4-6 November 2008 = Rapport de la dix-neuvième session du Comité des pêches pour L'Atlantique Centre-Est : Cotonou, Bénin, 4-6 novembre 2008.
Abstract.
Developing new approaches to global stock status assessment and fishery production potential of the seas
The Dr. Fridtjof Nansen Programme 1975-1993 : investigations of fishery resources in developing regions : history of the programme and review of results
Collaborative reef and reef fisheries management in Tanga, Tanzania
Sea fishing handbook
Cod : a biography of the fish that changed the world
Report of the Workshop on Data and Knowledge in Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Rome, 5-7 November 2007.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Small-scale Fisheries Management in Sub-Saharan Africa : Accra, Ghana, 12-14 December 2001.
Report on DEEP SEA 2003, an International Conference on Governance and Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries : Queenstown, New Zealand, 1-5 December 2003.
Putting into practice the ecosystem approach to fisheries
Report of the first session of the Scientific Committee, Dar es-Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania, 31 May-3 June 2006 = : Rapport de la première session du Comité scientifique, Dar es-Salaam, République-Unie de Tanzanie, 31 mars-3 juin 2006.
Agreement on high seas fishing : earth summit : United Nations Conference on Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, [July 1993 - August 1995]
Report of the first session of the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission, Mombasa, Kenya, 18-20 April 2005 = : Rapport de la première session de la Commission des pêches pour le sud-ouest de l'océan indien, Mombasa, Kenya, 18-20 avril 2005.
The other moratorium : freezing central arctic fisheries as the ice withdraws
Report of and papers presented at the Second Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Working Group on the Development of Sustainable Moored Fish Aggregating Device Fishing in the Lesser Antilles : Bouillante, Guadeloupe, 5-10 July 2004.
Incidental mortality in commercial fisheries around the world is a threat to seabirds and is causing decline in many breeding populations. Guidelines were prepared during this expert consultation to assist countries in developing policies and plans of action for reducing incidental catch and mortality of seabirds in fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Deep Sea 2003 : conference on the governance and management of deep-sea fisheries. Part 1, Conference reports
With financial support from the Government of Japan, an FAO project was initiated in 2001 to address issues related to factors of overexploitation and unsustainability in fisheries, as a way to improve the framework for the implementation of international fisheries instruments. Within the framework of this project, three international workshops were held in order to review the implementation of international fisheries instruments and to attain a worldwide overview of what factors contribute to unsustainability and overexploitation in fisheries. Further, in order to attain a regional perspective on such factors, particularly in relation to the specific issues or the constraints and opportunities facing developing countries, three regional workshops were held focusing on the southern Mediterranean, West Africa, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean. This document contains the reports of these regional workshops, including supporting technical documentation.
Review of the state of world fishery resources : marine fisheries
John Bailey's beginners' guide to fishing
Report of the FAO workshop on vulnerable ecosystems and destructive fishing in deep-sea fisheries : Rome, 26-29 June 2007
Abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded fishing gear (ALDFG) is a problem that is increasingly of concern. Various United Nations General Assembly resolutions now provide a mandate for, and indeed require, action to reduce ALDFG and marine debris in general. Consequently, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) entered into an agreement to carry out a study in relation to ALDFG in order to raise awareness of the extent of the problem and to recommend action to mitigate the problem of ALDFG by flag states, regional fisheries management bodies and organizations, and international organizations, such as UNEP, the International Maritime Organization (IMO) and FAO. This report reviews the magnitude and composition of ALDFG, and while noting that information is not comprehensive and does not allow for any global estimates, suggests that gillnets and fishing traps/pots may be the most common type of ALDFG, although netting fragments may also be common in some locations. The impacts of ALDFG are also considered and include: continued catching of target and non-target species (such as turtles, seabirds and marine mammals); alterations to the benthic environment; navigational hazards; beach debris/litter; introduction of synthetic material into the marine food web; introduction of alien species transported by ALDFG; and a variety of costs related to clean-up operations and impacts on business activities. In general, gillnets and pots/traps are most likely to "ghost fish" while other gear, such as trawls and longlines, are more likely to cause entanglement of marine organisms, including protected species, and habitat damage. The factors which cause fishing gear to be abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded are numerous and include: adverse weather; operational fishing factors including the cost of gear retrieval; gear conflicts; illegal, unregulated and unreported (IUU) fishing; vandalism/theft; and access to and cost and availability of shoreside collection facilities. Weather, operational fishing factors and gear conflicts are probably the most significant factors, but the causes of ALDFG accumulation are poorly documented and not well understood. A detailed understanding of why gear is abandoned, lost or discarded is needed when designing and tailoring effective measures to reduce ALDFG in particular locations. A variety of measures are currently in place to reduce ALDFG, and these are profiled in this report. They include those which are preventative or ex-ante, and those which are curative or ex-post. Evidence suggests that while both are important, much of the emphasis to date has been placed on curative measures such as gear retrieval programmes and clean-up of beach litter, while preventative measures may generally be more cost-effective in reducing ALDFG debris and its impacts. This report concludes with a number of recommendations for future action to reduce ALDFG debris, be it on a mandatory or voluntary basis. It also considers at what scale and which stakeholders (e.g. international organizations, national government, the private sector, research institutions) might be best placed to address the wide range of possible measures to reduce the amount of ALDFG debris.
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Saly, Senegal, 17-27 March 2004 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Saly, Sénégal, 17-27 mars 2004.
Report of the second session of the Scientific committee : Quatre Bornes, Mauritius, 3-7 August 2007 = Rapport de la deuxième session de Comité scientifique : Quatre Bornes, Maurice, 3-7 août 2007.
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries = : Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina
Report of the Regional Workshop on Approaches to Reducing Shrimp Trawl Bycatch in the Western Indian Ocean : Mombasa, Kenya, 13-15 April 2003.
Report of the sixth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Thessaloniki, Greece, 30 June-3 July 2003 = Rapport de la sixième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Thessalonique, Grèce, 30 juin - 3 juillet 2003
The living marine resources of the Western Central Pacific. Vol. 5, Bony fishes part 3 (Menidae to Pomacentridae)
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Republic of the Gambia, 5-12 April 2002 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Banjul, République de Gambie, 5-12 avril 2002.
Workshop on Status and Trends in Aquatic Genetic Resources : a basis for international policy : 8-10 May 2006, Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Net loss : fish, jobs, and the marine environment
Report of the Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the Cites Criteria for Listing Commercially Exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 28-30 June 2000 = Rapport de la Consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la cites Rome, 28-30 juin 2000 = Informe de la Consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la cites para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente Roma, 28-30 de junio de 2000.
The Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas provides states and other interested parties with a summary of the current status of high seas bottom fisheries worldwide based on the best information available, including responses to an FAO questionnaire sent to high seas fishing states, the European Community and relevant regional fisheries management organizations. It contains reviews of bottom fisheries in the high seas in the following regions: the North East and North West Atlantic, the Mediterranean, the South East and South West Atlantic, the North and South Pacific, the Indian Ocean and the Southern Ocean. Fisheries are described in terms of fleets, catch and effort, and main species caught, with due consideration being given to the location of fishing activities. This document was prepared in response to the request by the FAO Committee on Fisheries (COFI) and related consideration of the issue of bottom fisheries on the high seas by the United Nations General Assembly in Resolution 61/105 on Sustainable Fisheries adopted in December 2006. It also aims at assisting in the implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-sea Fisheries in the High Seas by providing background information and highlighting gaps in the available data. According to the findings of this review, 285 vessels were active in the high seas bottom fisheries worldwide in 2006. The total catch of this fleet has been estimated to about 250 000 tonnes valued at EUR 450 million (landed value). For various reasons discussed in the report, these are to be considered minimal estimates.
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Mediterranean and Black Sea
Report of the Expert Consultation on Catalysing the Transition away from Overcapacity in Marine Capture Fisheries : Rome, 15-18 October 2002.
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Increasing the contribution of small-scale fisheries to poverty alleviation and food security
A review of measures taken by regional marine fishery bodies to address contemporary fishery issues
Factors of unsustainability and overexploitation in marine fisheries : views from the southern Mediterranean, West Africa, Southeast Asia and the Caribbean
Report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling for Capture Fisheries, Rome, 3-5 March 2008.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, Italy, 9-12 March 2004.
Report of the Eleventh Session of the Commission and of the Eigth Session of the Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Lesser Antilles : St George's, Grenada, 21-24 October 2003 = Rapport de la Onzième session de la Commission et de la Huitième session du Comité du développement et de l'aménagement des pêches dans les Petites Antilles : Saint Georges, Grenade, 21-24 octobre 2003 = Informe de la Undécima reunión de la Comisión y de la Octava reunión del Comité para el desarrollo y la ordenación de la pesca en las Antillas Menores : St. George's, Granada, 21-24 de octubre de 2003
Current developments in Arctic law : Volume 2
Report of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean, Mount Irvine, Tobago, 21-21 July 2008.
Report of the Technical Consultation on Sea Turtles Conservation and Fisheries : Bangkok, Thailand, 29 November-2 December 2004.
Report of the FAO Ad Hoc Expert Advisory Panel for the Assessment of Proposals to Amend Appendices I and II of CITES Concerning Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 13-16 July 2004.
Exploitation of marine communities
Review of the state of world marine capture fisheries management : Indian Ocean
Review of the state of world marine fishery resurces
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Report of the Workshop on the Harmonization of Marine Fisheries Policy within Coastal Countries of the Southern African Development Community : Zanzibar, United Republic of Tanzania, 24-27 July 2001.
The purpose of this consultation was to provide guidance to FAO regarding the development of guidelines for best practices to improve safety at sea in the fisheries sector. The consultation also made recommendations regarding the scope of the guidelines, the special needs of developing countries, and other specific consideration and goals.--Publisher's description.
Report of the eighteenth session of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic, Douala, Cameroon, 3-5 October 2006 = Rapport de la dix-huitième session du Comité des pêches pour l 'Atlantique Centre-Est, Douala, Cameroun, 3-5 octobre 2006.
Part I of this report provides a summary of the proceedings of the Third Meeting of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group of the Eastern Caribbean. Part II gives a management summary and full report of the flyingfish stock assessment undertaken at the meeting, as prepared by the FAO fisheries consultant with contributions, review and approval by the Ad Hoc Flyingfish Working Group. Part III presents national reports detailing the analyses and preparation of national data sets for use in the regional flyingfish stock assessment. Part IV provides the Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean amended as agreed at the meeting. The key results of the stock assessment conducted at the meeting are that the regional flyingfish stock is not currently overfished and that overfishing has not occurred in the history of the flyingfish fishery. It was agreed by the working group that there is no immediate action required by management to conserve the stock, unless there is a significant increase in regional flyingfish catches. It was further agreed that a catch trigger point of 5 000 tonnes should be established when action would be taken to ensure the stock does not become overfished. Among the agreed actions that should be taken if catches rise to or above the trigger point, is a freeze on further fishery development until a full scientific reassessment of the stock has been completed. The most significant uncertainty in the current assessment stems from the poor data available on catches and effort. It was agreed that improved data collection and monitoring is essential to ensure sustainable use of this and other fishery resources into the future, and that achieving this improvement should be a priority focus for all members with a flyingfish fishery. It was further agreed that the working group should maintain the electronic database that was assembled at the meeting, ensuring that it always represents the most up-to-date best estimate of flyingfish catch and effort in the subregion to support future reassessments. The Draft Subregional Fisheries Management Plan for Flyingfish in the Eastern Caribbean, prepared intersessionally after the second meeting, was fully reviewed at this meeting and amendments suggested in order to finalize the first draft of the fisheries management plan for presentation to the eastern Caribbean governments. The amended draft is provided here.
From drain to gain in capture fisheries rents : a synthesis study
Report of the CFU/FAO Fisheries Statistics and Data Management Workshop : University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus, Barbados, 10-22 March 2003.
Recent developments in the tuna industry : stocks, fisheries, management, processing, trade and markets
Abandoned, lost or otherwise discarded fishing gear
Report and documentation of the Expert Consultation on Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : Bangkok, Thailand, 21-23 November 2006.
Report and documentation of the Expert Workshop on Marine Protected Areas and Fisheries Management : review of issues and considerations, Rome, 12-14 June 2006
Report of the Ad hoc Meeting of Experts on the Application of the Agreement to Promote Compliance with International Conservation and Management Measures by Fishing Vessels on the High Seas : Valletta, Malta, 6-8 March 1995 = Rapport de la Réunion ad hoc d'experts pour la mise en application de l'Accord visant à favoriser le respect par les navires de pêche en haute mer des measures internationales de conservation et de gestion : La Valetta, Malte, 6-8 mars 1995
Estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information : workshop to further develop, test and apply a method for the estimation of tuna fishing capacity from stock assessment-related information 14-16 May 2007 La Jolla, California, United States of America
Scientific papers presented at the Polish-Swedish Symposium on Selectivity Research in the Baltic Sea Area, Gdynia, Poland, March 23-25, 1999
Interactions between aquaculture and capture fisheries : a methodological perspective
Report of the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 26-30 October 1998.
Non-flag state enforcement in high seas fisheries
Strategic assessment of development of the Arctic : assessment conducted for the European Union
Fishing experiments in Norwegian fiords
Report of the Workshop on the Management of Shared Small Pelagic Fishery Resources in Northwest Africa : Banjul, Republic of the Gambia, 30 April-3 May 2002 = Rapport de l'Atelier sur l'aménagement des ressources partagées de petits pélagiques en Afrique du Nord-ouest : Banjul, République de Gambie, 30 avril-3 mai 2002.
Report of the first session of the Scientific Sub-committee : Abuja, Nigeria, 30-31 October 2000 = Rapport de la première session du Sous-comité scientifique Abuja, Nigéria, 30-31 octobre 2000.
Field identification guide to the sharks and rays of the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden
Reports
Abstracts of papers presented at the Reykjavik Conference on Responsible Fisheries in the Marine Ecosystem : Reykjavik, Iceland, 1-4 October 2001 = Résumés de documents présentés à la Conférence de Reykjavik sur une pêche responsable dans l'écosystème marin : Reykjavik, Islande, 1-4 octobre 2001 = Resumen de los documentos presentados en la Conferencia de Reykjavik sobre la pesca responsable en el ecosistema marino : Reykjavik, Islandia, 1-4 de octubre de 2001.
Report of the Workshop on the Pelagic Surveys off Northwest Africa in the 1990s : Bergen, Norway, 28 September - 2 October 1998.
Report of the fourth session of the Sub-Committee on Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 October 2008 = Rapport de la quartrième session du Sous-Comité de l'Aquaculture : Puerto Varas, Chili, 6-10 octobre 2008 = Informe de la cuarta reunión del Subcomité de Acuicultura : Puerto Varas, Chile, 6-10 de oktubre de 2008
Optimal harvesting of large and small-scale fisheries : an application to Norwegian fisheries of Arcto-Norwegian cod
Large differences in catch per unit of effort between two minnow trap models
Report of the FAO/BirdLife South American Workshop on Implementation of NPOA-Seabirds and Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels : Valdivia, Chile, 2-6 December 2003
The incidental catch of seabirds by longline fisheries : worldwide review and technical guidelines for mitigation
Silent seas : the fish race to the bottom
The seas : our knowledge of life in the sea and how it is gained
Irish fisheries investigations. Series B, Marine
Report of the seventh session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Rome, 19-22 October 2004 = Rapport de la septième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Rome, 19-22 octobre 2004
Report of the Expert Consultation on Legal Issues Related to CITES and Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Rome, 22-25 June 2004.
Fisheries oceanography and ecology
Four fish : the future of the last wild food
Report of the second Global Fisheries Enforcement Training Workshop : Trondheim, Norway, 7-11 August 2008.
The state of world highly migratory, straddling and other high seas fishery resources and associated species
Report of the fifteenth session of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : Abuja, Nigeria, 1-3 November 2000 = Rapport de la quinzième session du Comité des pêches pour l'Atlantique Centre-Est Abuja, Nigéria, 1-3 novembre 2000.
Report of the GFCM Workshop on Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing in the Mediterranean : Rome, 23 and 26 June 2004
The ABC of fishing : the classic guide to coarse, sea and game fishing
Management of large pelagic fisheries in the CARICOM countries
Discards in the world's marine fisheries
Report of the second session of the Scientific Sub-committee : Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Spain, 23-25 September 2002 = Rapport de la deuxième session du Sous-comité scientifique : Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Espacne, 23-25 septembre 2002.
John Bailey's complete guide to fishing : the fish, the tackle & the techniques
Report of the Workshop on Management of the Caribbean Spiny Lobster (Panulirus argus) Fisheries in the Area of the Western Central Atlantic Fishery Commission : Mérida, Mexico, 4-8 September 2000 = Informe del Taller sobre manejo de las pesquerías de langosta espinosa (Panulirus argus) del área de la Comisón de pesca para el Atlántico centro-occidental : Mérida, México, 4-8 de septiembre de 2000
Report of the Expert Consultation on International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas, Bangkok. 11-14 September 2007.
Marine fishery resources of the Pacific Islands
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 26 April-5 May 2005 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 26 avril-5 mai 2005.
Report of the Reykjavik Conference on Responsible Fisheries in the Marine Ecosystem : Reykjavik, Iceland, 1-4 October 2001 = Rapport de la Conférence de Reykjavik sur une pêche responsable dans l'écosystème marin : Reykjavik, Islande, 1-4 octobre 2001 = Informe de la Conferencia de Reykjavik sobre la pesca responsable en el ecosistema marino : Reykjavik, Islandia, 1-4 de octubre de 2001.
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Agadir, Morocco, 31 March-10 April 2003 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Agadir, Maroc, 31 mars-10 avril 2003.
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practice Technical Guidelines for IPOA/NPOA-Seabirds : Bergen, Norway, 2-5 September 2008.
On the challenges of designing cooperative coalition games for multi-species fisheries
Models for an ecosystem approach to fisheries
Strengthening regional fisheries management organisations
Marine fisheries ecology
Marine baits of California
Individual transferable quotas in theory and practice : papers exploring and assessing the radical reorganization of ocean fisheries in the final decades of the 20th century
Report of the sixteenth session of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic : Santa Cruz de Teneriffe, Spain, 22-24 October 2002 = Rapport de la seizième session du Comité des pêches pour l'Atlantique : Santa Cruz de Teneriffe, Espagne, 22-24 octobre 2002.
Report of the sixth Session of the Regional Commission for Fisheries, Rome, 10-12 May 2011.
Fisheries management. 4, Marine protected areas and fisheries
Review and assessment of mitigation measures to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in longline, trawl and gillnet fisheries
Guidelines for developing an at-sea fishery observer programme
Implementation of the International Plan of Action to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish of Northwest Africa : Nouadhibou, Mauritania, 24-31 March 2001 = Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des petits pélagiques au large de l'Afrique nord-occidentale : Nouadhibou, Mauritanie, 24-31 mars 2001.
Report of the Third Intergovernmental Consultation on the Establishment of a Southwest Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission : Nairobi, Kenya, 27-30 January 2004 = Rapport de la Troisième consultation intergouvernementale sur la création d'une Commission des pêches pour le sud-ouest de l'océan Indien : Nairobi, Kenya, 27-30 janvier 2004.
Implementation of the International plan of action to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing : relationship to, and potential effects on, fisheries management in the Mediterranean
The common wealth in ocean fisheries : some problems of growth and economic allocation
This paper provides an updated review of world tuna fisheries. Previous studies (Miyake et al., 2004) discussed the historical development of tuna fisheries, described current world tuna fisheries, and explained the technological developments that have affected fishing operations. The current paper expands the discussion to include socioeconomic aspects of the tuna industry as a whole, specifically including recent changes in processing, trade, marketing and consumer preferences. The first half of the paper introduces the conditions under which the studies were made and the data sources. It first provides caveats and assumptions which are designed to prevent misunderstanding or misinterpretation when using the data. It then reviews the world tuna stock status based on the results of Regional Fisheries Management Organizations (RFMOs) scientific reviews. Even though the biomass of most of the world's tuna stocks is generally above but close to the reference point, for a few stocks fishing mortality is above the maximum sustainable yield level indicating that the stock is being overfished. World tuna fisheries (mostly longline, purse seine and baitboat [pole-and-line] fisheries) are reviewed from the standpoint of catches, technological developments and economics. Finally, tuna management measures taken by RFMOs are reviewed, including those used to mitigate bycatch. Gear and species interactions are specifically discussed in terms of allocations of the stocks between fisheries. The second half of the paper analyses tuna trade, processing, markets, consumption, price and profits for sashimi, fresh tuna steak, katsuobushi (dried skipjack stick) and canned tuna. The marketing of sashimi has changed very substantially from an exclusive Japanese market to a global one. The marketing system is also changing, because instead of being sold in market auctions, entire catches are now bought by one dealer and sold to large supermarkets or other retailers. This trend has had a clear impact on price and has resulted in the reduction of landing values. In the fresh and frozen steak tuna industry, in general, the price of tuna per unit weight is far higher than for canned materials. Since the 1960s, the production of, and demand and market for, canned tuna has increased very rapidly, accompanied by the rapid development of purse seine fisheries in tropical waters. The largest consumer of canned tuna in the 1970s was by far the United States of America, but these levels have been exceeded by European Union markets in the last two decades. The relative importance of the major markets (the United States, the European Union and Japan) has been continuously declining as a percentage of the world market. These trends have been accompanied by the concentration of capital. Another major change has involved the relocation of tuna factories from developed countries to areas closer to raw materials. This also helped the industry by cutting labour and transshipment costs, and facilitated flexible export marketing. Production was formerly dominated by the United States but as production has declined, Thailand has become the top producer in the late 1990s, followed by Spain, as a result of newly developed canning materials in the form of loins. In conclusion, because of the recent rapid increase in competition among fisheries, species, industries and even products (sashimi/fresh tuna vs. canned), the most important and most urgent issue is how to manage and allocate tuna resources among these competitors (e.g. using fishing capacity control measures and/or catch allocations). In order to achieve such an objective it is imperative that socio-economic and ecological considerations are integrated into decision-making processes alongside capacity and allocation issues. This study does not address the broad socio-economic importance of the tuna industry to the countries in which it operates, but this type of research will be necessary in future in order to solve current fishery management problems.
Review of measures taken by intergovernmental organizations to address sea turtle and seabird interactions in marine capture fisheries
Report of the Workshop on the Small Pelagic Resources of Angola, Congo and Gabon : Luanda, Angola, 3-7 November 1997
Proceedings of the Internationa Herring Symposium : Anchorage, Alaska USA, October 23-25, 1990.
Report of the third session of the Scientific Advisory Group : Bridgetown, Barbados, 25-27 April 2005 = Rapport de la troisième session du Groupe scientifique consultatif : Bridgetown, Barbade, 25-27 avril 2005 = Informe de la tercera sesión del Grupo asesor científico : Bridgetown, Barbados, 25-27 de abril de 2005.
The maritime industry R&D masterplan 1999
Report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, the Gambia, 18-22 May 2010 = Rapport du Groupe de Travail de la FAO sur l'Evaluation des Petits Pélagiques au Large de l'Afrique Nord-Occidentale : Banjul, la Gambie, 18-22 mai 2010.
Transnational environmental governance : the emergence and effects of the certification of forest and fisheries
Worldwide review of bottom fisheries in the high seas
Techno-economic performance of marine capture fisheries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Implementation Issues Associated with Listing Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species on CITES Appendices : Rome, 25-28 May 2004.
Review of the state of world marine capture fisheries management : Pacific Ocean
The operational units approach for fisheries management in the Mediterranean Sea
Report of the FAO Regional workshop on the elaboration of national plans of action to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing - Pacific Islands subregion : Nadi, Fiji, 29 August-2 September 2005.
Historical trends of tuna catches in the world
Seafood ships
Report of the FAO Workshop on the Implementation of the FAO International Guidelines for the Management of Deep-Sea Fisheries in the High Seas : challenges and ways forward, Busan, Republic of Korea, 10-12 May 2010
Report of the FAO/SPC Regional Expert Consultation on Sea Safety in Small Fishing Vessels : Suva, Fiji, 9-13 February 2004.
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
Report of the thirteenth session of the Scientific Advisory Committee : Marseille, France, 7-11 February 2011 = Rapport de la treizième session du Comité scientifique consultatif : Marseille, France, 7-11 février 2011
Selected papers presented at the Workshop on Biological Reference Points : Rome, 20-21 April 2004
Sea fishing : expert tips and techniques for yachtsmen, motorboaters and sea anglers
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practices for Safety at Sea in the Fisheries Sector : Rome, 10-13 November 2008.
Deep Sea 2003 : conference on the governance and management of deep-sea fisheries. Part 2, Conference poster papers and workshop papers
Report of the Extraordinary Session : St Julians, Malta, 19-23 July 2004 = Rapport de la Session extraordinaire : Saint-Julien, Malte, 19-23 juillet 2004
Report of the second session of the South West Indian Ocean Fisheries Commission : Maputo, Mozambique, 22-25 August 2006 = Rapport de la deuxième session de la Commission des Pêches pour le Sud-Ouest de l'Océan Indien : Maputo, Mozambique, 22-25 août 2006.
Indicators for sustainable development of marine capture fisheries
Economic performance and fishing efficiency of marine capture fisheries
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, 9-12 March 2004.
Report of the second session of the Scientific Advisory Group : Le Robert, Martinique, 28-30 April 2003 = Rapport de la deuxième session du Groupe scientifique consultatif : Le Robert, Martinique, 28-30 avril 2003 = Informe de la segunda sesión del Grupo asesor científico : Le Robert, Martinica, 28-30 de abril de 2003.
The complete fishing manual
Input-efficiency of fishing cod in the Baltic Sea : comparing major EU trawler fleets
Guide to modern sea angling
Use of fishery resources as feed inputs to aquaculture development : trends and policy implications
