http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16830 African identity
African identity
The Minor Adjustment Beauty Salon
Afrocentrism : mythical pasts and imagined homes
The ancient Egyptian family : kinship and social structure
African homecoming : Pan-African ideology and contested heritage
The Saturday Big Tent Wedding Party
Wit & wisdom of Africa : proverbs from Africa & the Caribbean
African literatures and beyond : a florilegium
Tears of the giraffe
Reading contemporary African American drama : fragments of history, fragments of self
The woman who walked in sunshine
The No. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 1
Francophone Afropean literatures
Discrepant abstraction
Precious and the puggies : Precious Ramotswe's very first case
In this undergraduate textbook Lewis R. Gordon offers the first comprehensive treatment of Africana philosophy, beginning with the emergence of an Africana (i.e. African diasporic) consciousness in the Afro-Arabic world of the Middle Ages. He argues that much of modern thought emerged out of early conflicts between Islam and Christianity that culminated in the expulsion of the Moors from the Iberian Peninsula, and from the subsequent expansion of racism, enslavement, and colonialism which in their turn stimulated reflections on reason, liberation, and the meaning of being human. His book takes the student reader on a journey from Africa through Europe, North and South America, the Caribbean, and back to Africa, as he explores the challenges posed to our understanding of knowledge and freedom today, and the response to them which can be found within Africana philosophy.
Cultural Studies has evolved and continues to evolve primarily along regional lines. However uncomfortable this might be, the genie of British cultural studies cannot be returned to the bottle of history. Thus, national versions of cultural studies have arisen in a few African countries. This book engages two critical and seemingly contradictory tasks: i) to contribute to the development of cultural studies from the perspectives of African experiences and indigenous frames of reference; and ii) to examine these in terms of transnational trajectories of the field in ways that do not reduce them to one or other context. Much cultural studies remains concerned with Texts, often disconnected from their contexts. For the authors published here, the contexts include African philosophies, cosmologies and ontologies. It includes the writings of both residential natives and those who have re-located to the diaspora, a spread that opens conversations with international approaches that both include and exclude African experiences and work. This anthology juxtaposes many different kinds of cultural studies done in different parts of the world as a means of creating a global dialogue around the signifier of 'Africa'.
The art of black Africa
The African difference : discourses on Africanity and the relativity of discourses
The Miracle at Speedy Motors
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill
The opposite house
The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection
Interpreting classical religious texts in contemporary Africa
Black art : ancestral legacy : the African impulse in African-American art
Recreating Africa : culture, kinship, and religion in the African-Portuguese world, 1441-1770
Man Ray, African art and the Modernist lens
In the company of cheerful ladies
Precious and the zebra necklace
Postcolonial eyes : intercontinental travel in Francophone African literature
Americanah
Présence africaine en Europe et au-delà = African presence in Europe and beyond
Morality for beautiful girls
Christianity in Africa and the African diaspora : the appropriation of a scattered heritage
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 5
Choreographies of African identities : négritude, dance, and the National Ballet of Senegal
The full cupboard of life
Paris Africain : rhythms of the African diaspora
The handsome man's De Luxe Cafe
The miracle at Speedy Motors
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 4
Africa in Europe : studies in transnational practice in the long twentieth century
Derrida, Africa, and the Middle East
Identity and beyond : rethinking Africanity
The double comfort safari club
Telling our stories : continuities and divergences in Black autobiographies
Transatlantic crossings between Paris and New York : Pan-Africanism, cultural difference and the arts in the interwar years
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
The Saturday big tent wedding party
Black president : the art and legacy of  Fela Anikulapo-Kuti
Towards a new map of Africa
The invisible girls : a memoir
Fragments of bone : neo-African religions in a new world
Black experience and the empire
An afrocentric manifesto : toward an African renaissance
Barack Obama and African diasporas : dialogues and dissensions
My mother's lovers
African culture : Algiers symposium, july 21st - august 1st, 1969
The case against Afrocentrism
Reversing sail : a history of the African diaspora
Dismantling black manhood : a historical and literary analysis of the legacy of slavery
The No. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 2
African diasporas in the New and Old Worlds : consciousness and imagination
Toni Morrison and the idea of Africa
An introduction to Africana philosophy
Student encyclopedia of African literature
The Kalahari typing school for men
Africa : altered states, ordinary miracles
African dress : fashion, agency, performance
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 3
Photography and Africa
The Nsukka artists and Nigerian contemporary art / edited Simon Ottenberg ; [contributors Norbert Aas ... [et al.]]
Brazil : body and soul
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency
Africa, cultural studies and difference
Foreign, Gods, Inc
The global Africa project : Museum of Arts and Design, November 17, 2010 - May 15, 2010 / edited by Martina D'Alton ; [authors Naomi Beckwith ... [et al.]]
Artificial Africa in the European avant-garde : Marinetti and Tzara
History in Black : African-Americans in search of an ancient past
The fishermen
African philosophy : an overview and a critique of the philosophical significance of African oral literature
The good husband of zebra drive
The anatomy of power : European constructions of the African body
The no. 1 ladies' detective agency. Volume 6
The African diaspora and the study of religion
Andrew Martin : fusion interiors
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies
Tea time for the traditionally built
Different : [A historical context ; contemporary photographers and black identity]
Cultural and identity issues in Finland : experiences of seven immigrants from West Africa
The Handsome man's De Luxe Café
This study argues that deconstruction may be more closely akin to ancient Egypto-African ways of thinking about language and offers a new framework for considering Derrida.
Africanisms in American culture
Blue shoes and happiness
The good husband of Zebra Drive
