http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1689 capital city metropolitan area
capital city metropolitan area
The impacts of climate change in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Day trips : Helsinki & southern Finland
How do we compensate for a shrinking labour force?
Establishing business in Helsinki metropolitan area, the business center of new Northern Europe
The Helsinki region ICT cluster
Pyöräily : Espoo & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Espoo, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Espoo & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Esbo & huvudstadsregionen
How to construct ecologically and socially sustainable urban environments? : a literature review on climate change, runoff waters and land-use impacts in urban environments : vulnerability assessment of ecosystem services for climate change impacts and adaptation, action 6 : assessment of climate change and land use impacts in urban environments (short name Urban Environments)
Kaupunki vetten päällä? = A city on the water?
The beginning of immigrant settlement in Helsinki metropolitan area and the role of social housing
Helsinki becomes a metropolis
The Helsinki Metropolitan Area Vision 2020 : abstract of the final report
Change of urban structure in the Helsinki region
Mobility experiments : learning urban travel with children in Helsinki
Staff turnover : reasons, measurement and management in Finland's capital region Scandic Hotels in 2002
Male mortality in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Helsinki region : statistical comparisons. 2002
Journey time and occupancy characteristics of the Helsinki metropolitan public transport system
Developing evaluation strategies and training for early childhood education in the Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland
Arbitrage pricing theory and its empirical applicability for the Helsinki stock exchange
Urban housing prices and the demand for housing characteristics : a study on housing prices and the willingness to pay for housing characteristics and local public goods in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Russian middle class families on school market in Helsinki metropolitan region : ethnicity versus social class
Customer needs and wants for organizing children celebrations in Helsinki Metropolitan area
The impacts of climate change in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Regions in competition : strategies for industrial FDI in the Helsinki Region, Finland
State restructuring, urban competitiveness policies and technopole building in Finland : a critical view on the glocal state thesis
New trends in urban facts' research
The Helsinki metropolitan area as a national and international cultural centre area
Helsinki metropolitan transportation study. Volume 1
Is there a need for a framework to hinder growth in Helsinki? : pääkirjoitus
Development of young population groups in Helsinki
'Life in the suburbs is mere residing' : home, moving and belonging in the suburbs of the Helsinki metropolitan area from 1950s to the 1970s
Clustering of immigration population in Helsinki metropolitan area, Finland: a comparative study of exploratory spatial data analysis methods
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
A glance at the population distribution within the Helsinki metropolitan area
Some central aspects affecting citizens' happiness in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Demographic factors and the demand for housing in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Probabilistic modelling of PM[sup2.5] exposures in the working age population of Helsinki metropolitan area
Pyöräilykartta : Helsinki : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Helsinki : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Helsingfors : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
The aim of this study is to search further franchising relationship between the franchisor and  the franchisee and see what changes have occurred in franchisee's operations since hotel joined a chain. Research topics include subjects discussed on existing literature e.g. quality in hospitality  and satisfaction of the franchisee with the chosen franchisor, how does a franchisee experience  the franchise relationship, what are the pros and cons and are they coherent with the theory and finally how do franchisees see the future of franchising and marketing cooperation in Finnish  hotel industry.   This study uses case studies to clarify how franchisees representing different chains experience  the franchising relationship and benefits of cooperation in Finland. Data is gathered through thematic interviews and analysis is based on same themes.   Results showed that in these three cases the franchisees were very content with their marketing cooperation. Further there were no significant differences between representatives of marketing cooperation- or franchised chains.
Sporting mega-events and the residents : assessing the IAAF World Champonships 2005
Helsinki metropolitan area climate report : emission trends 2009
Joint services : challenges of integrating international students : international degree student services in the metropolitan area
Regions in competition : strategies for industrial FDI in the Helsinki Region, Finland. Summary report
Löytyykö kaupunkia talojen välistä? = Is there a city in between the buildings?
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
The major asset of a hospitality company is its staff. Companies want to hold on to their good employees. Staff turnover is the movement of people out of the company. The thesis aims to find how the managers view staff turnover today, how organisations calculate staff turnover, measure it and manage staff turnover. Furthermore, the thesis aims to find what costs staff turnover causes for the company. The thesis consists of theoretical background about human resource management and staff turnover. The empirical part was done with a questionnaire based on the theoretical part. Ten managers in Finland's capital region's Scandic hotels were interviewed in January 2002. The interview was done in the hotel the manager was working in and each manager was in control of his department's human resource management. The major findings of the study were that human resource management is highly valued in among the respondents. The major reasons for staff turnover among employees were lack of advancement opportunities, inadequate pay and leaving to continue education. Staff turnover was seen to cause costs in training, lower service level and customer satisfaction. On the other hand, staff turnover was seen to bring new ideas to the company. Staff turnover is managed with normal human resource management methods, with the most important being career planning, performance appraisal, competitive wages and employee training.
Regions in competition : strategies for industrial FDI in the Helsinki region, Finland : summary report
Pyöräilykartta : Espoo : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Espoo : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Esbo : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
Regions of Finland : Lapland Province, Metropolitan Areas of Finland, Municipalities of Central Finland Region, Municipalities of Central Ostrobothnia Region, Municipalities of Eastern Uusimaa Region, Municipalities of Kainuu Region
Pyöräilykartta : Vantaa, pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Vantaa, metropolitan area = Cyckelkarta : Vanda, huvudstadsregionen
Pyöräilykartta : Vantaa : pääkaupunkiseutu = Cycling map : City of Vantaa : metropolitan area = Cykelkarta : Vanda : huvudstadsregionen ; Pyöräily : pääkaupunkiseutu
Telecommunications and transport 1995 : the Helsinki region
Helsinki Metropolitan Area Transport System Plan PLJ 2007 : executive board of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Council 02.03.2007
Portrait of the Helsinki region
The coming of age of metropolitan governance in Helsinki?
Guide for foreign students. 1980-1982: Universities in the Helsinki area
Helsinki and Finland attract people [pääkirjoitus]
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
Personal exposure to fine particles (PM2.5) of adult population in Helsinki metropolitan area
Nordic major cities statistics. 2007 : Data on 16 major cities and their regions from the NORDSTAT database
Espoo-Helsinki-Kauniainen-Sipoo-Vantaa : development strategy for municipalities' joint land use : basis for discussion
Building towards a good life : three research projects and perspectives on metropolitan Helsinki's housing markets
It works both ways
Pyöräily : Helsinki & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Helsinki, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Helsinki & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Helsingfors & huvudstadsregionen
Helsinki draining the countryside? Recession-Helsinki grew at the expense of the neighbouring communities
From the village to the city : adjustment process of internal migrants in Albania
Labour supply and demand in the Helsinki region
Helsinki Metropolitan Area climate report : emission trends in 2008
Exposure of an urban adult population to PM[sub 2.5] : methods, determinants and sources
Housing talent : residential satisfaction among skilled migrants in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Personal exposures to volatile organic compounds and carbonyls : relationships to microenvironment concentrations and analysis of sources
Finnish homes - through passages or traps? : residential mobility and housing choice in Helsinki
VFR traffic chart Helsinki
Summary
Survey of public transport and its future prospects in the city of Helsinki and Helsinki metropolitan area
Hotel franchisees in Finland : case: Helsinki Metropolitan Area
A cointegration analysis of house price formation in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Finnish homes - through passages or traps?
The Helsinki region - Finland's most important economic centre
Guide to international degree student services in the metropolitan area
Effects of the characteristics of neighbourhoods and the characteristics of people on cause specific mortality : a register based follow up study of 252000 men
Political choices among young adults in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area in 1988-2004
Helsinki stats : a statistical view of the capital region : 1996.
Maitolaiturilta Stadiin = From the milk stand to the city
Annual report. 2001
"Life in the suburbs is mere residing" : home, moving and belonging in the suburbs of the Helsinki metropolitan area from the 1950s to the 1970s
From city to city-region : city of Helsinki strategic spatial plan
The Finnish competition state and entrepreneurial policies in the Helsinki region
Analysing spatial accessibility patterns with travel time and distance measures : novel approaches for rural and urban contexts
A hundred years of housing in Helsinki
Abstract.
Helsinki Metropolitan Area climate change adaptation strategy
You are here
Graduate employment and entry into further education
Political choices among young adults in the Helsinki metropolital area in 1988-2004
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Helsinki Region housing report 2008
Metropolitan CEE : big cities, capitals and city-regions in central and eastern Europe
Population projection for the Helsinki Region in 2010-2040
Housing the skilled migrants in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area : international attractiveness of housing, neighbourhoods and the city region
Hedonic analysis of residential property markets in Helsinki
Pyöräily : Vantaa & pääkaupunkiseutu : pyöräilykartta : Vantaa, pääkaupunkiseutu = cycling map : city of Vantaa & metropolitan area = cykelkarta : Vanda & huvudstadsregionen
Migration and intra-urban mobility in the Helsinki metropolitan area
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Helsingin seudun tilastot 1993 = Statistik för Helsingforsregionen 1993 = Statistics for the Helsinki region 1993
Helsinki region does well in comparison of European metropolises
Population projection for Helsinki
Accessibility, logistics and competitiveness of Helsinki's metropolitan region
Helsinki Metropolitan Area transportation system 2020
Guide to the Helsinki metropolitan area property market
Metrolla kansallispuistoon = A metroride to the national park
New technologies as capital region strategies in Finland
Air quality in the Helsinki metropolitan area : concentrations, emissions and trends
Atomised generation
