http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16854 serigraphy
serigraphy
Art cloth : a guide to surface design for fabric
Screen printing : a contemporary approach
Artists manual for silk screen print making
How to identify prints : a complete guide to manual and mechanical processes from woodcut to ink jet
Silk-screen as a fine art : a handbook of contemporary silk-screen printing
The Thames and Hudson manual of screen printing
Screen printing techniques
Fabric and yarn dyer's handbook
Screenprinting : the complete water-based system
Water-based screenprinting today : from hands-on techniques to digital technology
"A fully illustrated instructional printmaking book presenting step-by-step examples alongside representative works from thirty top contemporary printmaking artists.  Printmaking is flourishing in the digital age, appealing to both "traditional" artists as well as those interested in graphic design and digital technique. This all-in-one guide to printmaking technique is a complete technical and inspirational book on the history and contemporary processes for relief, intaglio, lithography, serigraphy, mixed media/transfers, and post digital graphics, with extended profiles of a wide range of contemporary printmakers. Featuring instruction, interviews, example images, and philosophy, this beautiful book provides a truly modern look at printmaking today, in all its forms"--
Pulled : a catalog of screen printing
Print and finish
Silk-screen printing for artists & craftsmen
Water-based screenprinting
Albert Irvin : the complete prints
The complete printmaker : techniques, traditions, innovations
Silk screen basics. : a complete how-to handbook
The encyclopedia of printmaking techniques
"Since its first publication in 1986, this comprehensive guide has established itself as the essential reference book for print and book collectors, dealers in prints and illustrated books, art librarians, art professors and students, and everyone interested in graphic art."--BOOK JACKET.
IML Process verification for Perlos Oyj
Reinventing screenprinting : inspirational pieces by contemporary practitioners
Artists in Print : an introduction to prints and printmaking
Martin R. Baeyens : graphic and exlibris work
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Printmaking : a complete guide to materials & processes
Kent bicentennial portfolio : spirit of independence
Lithography and silkscreen : art and technique
The art of the print : masterpieces, history, techniques
"An introduction to a variety of printing and finishing techniques for any graphic design project. Now updated to include studio interviews and student activities"--
Ryan McGinness : project rainbow = [purojekuto reinbō]
Posters of the Cold War / by David Crowley
Ilkka Väätti : Finlandia University Gallery, Hancock, Michigan, 20.1. - 19.2.2011 / [article Veikko Halmetoja]
Printmaking + mixed media : simple techniques and projects for paper and fabric
Installationview
Synopsis:  When Jane Dunnewold's book Complex Cloth was published in 1996, it quickly became the bible of surface design for fiber artists.  In the years since, the world of surface design has significantly expanded:  now fiber artists, art-to-wear designers, and art quilters have a much broader range of surface design products to choose from, and there are a wealth of technique combinations that can be used to create art cloth.  Art Cloth picks up where Complex Cloth left off, showing how to layer processes with the latest products to create stunning cloth for use in a variety of fiber art.  Following Jane's techniques with step-by-step photography, you will learn to create art cloth using dyes, color removing agents, paints, and foils combined through processes that include silk-screen printing, stamping, stenciling, and hand painting.  In addition to detailed step-by-step wet-media surface design techniques, Jane demonstrates how the use of color and design contribute to successful layering. She guides and inspires artists to take their art cloth to the next level through sidebars with design tips and exercises that support the technical information.  Finally, each technique chapter concludes with project ideas for the skills learned, so anyone working through the book can literally build layers on cloth as each chapter is completed.
Kelpra Studio : an exhibition to commemorate the Rose and Chris Prater gift : the Tate Gallery, London, 9 July - 25 August 1980
Ceramics and print
Manual for screen printing
Committed to print : social and political themes in recent American printed art
Silk screen printing
The complete guide to screen printing
Complex cloth : a comprehensive guide to surface design
Prints and printmaking : an introduction to the history and techniques
THE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF PRINTMAKING TECHNIQUES
How to identify prints : a complete guide to manual and mechanical processes from woodcut to inkjet
In this thesis several novel inks based on dry inorganic powders enabling magnetic, piezoelectric and memory resistive (memristive) function were researched for printed electronics applications. Low curing temperature screen-printable magnetic inks for high frequency applications based on dry cobalt nanoparticles were developed in the first part of the work. Three publications were achieved. The first one concentrated on ink formulation and its process development, the second on the utilization of multifunctional surfactant, and the third on the development of the inks for plastic substrates. The magnetic inks developed were cured at 120 °C. The electrical performance, microstructure, surface quality and mechanical durability of printed and cured layers were investigated. Relative permeability values up to 3 and related loss tangents up to 0.01 were achieved at 2 GHz frequency, as well as a pull-off strength of up to 5.2 MPa. The maximum loading level of cobalt nanoparticles was 60 vol-%, after which the stability of the ink started to degrade. The developed ink enabled the miniaturization of a patch antenna.In the second part of the thesis, the formulation of inks based on piezoelectric ceramic particles in powder form with ferroelectric polymers as a matrix material is introduced. The performance and quality of the printed inks and cured layers were investigated. The measured pull off -strength was up to 3.25 MPa, relative permittivity was up to 48 at 1 kHz and piezoelectric constant d31 up to 17 pm/V. The printed piezoelectric layer can be utilized in a pressure sensor.In the third part of the thesis, the development of inks for a novel printed memory component, a memristor, is researched. A synthesis route was developed for an organometallic precursor solution, which was formulated into inkjet-printable form. The printing tests were carried out in order to find t he most feasible layer thickness with memristive behaviour. The influence of substrate materials and different thermal treatments on the components’ electrical properties, durability of read/erase -cycles and overall lifetime were also investigated. The prepared memristive patterns remained functional for up to 35 days, while the precursor solution remained usable for over a year. The memristive areas withstood up to 30 read/erase cycles and by utilizing heat treatments the shift in resistance value increased by up to three orders of magnitude.
The Print Making handbook : Simple techniques and step-by-step projects
Simple screenprinting : basic techniques & creative projects
Print making : traditional and contemporary techniques
Printmaking : history and process
Modern printmaking : a guide to traditional and digital techniques
Print & finish : v. the process of producing printed material : v. complete the manufacture or decoration of printed material
Peter Downsbrough : now : PWSSP, Lodzi, 6. - 22.6.1986
Bridget Riley : complete prints 1962-2010
