http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16889 compact disc players
compact disc players cd players
Strategies for aesthetic consistency and continuity
India : your passport to a new world of music
Beat it!: Caribbean street music: Group percussion for beginners
Hip-hop keyboard : the complete guide
Smooth jazz piano : the complete guite with CD!
Compact disc players
Keyboard : electronic keyboard, synthesizer or piano. 2
World guitar : guitarist's guide to the traditional styles of cultures around the world
Troubleshooting and repairing consumer electronics
The student repertoire series : (for guitar) : a graded anthology of guitar works. Volume 1
Classical & romantic music for two guitars
The music of France
Salsa : your passport to a new world of music
Brazil : your passport to a new world of music
Exploring the clarinet : a guide to clarinet technique and Finnish clarinet music
For drummers only : jazz band music minus one drummer
Rumba : Afro Cuban conga drum improvisation. Vol. 2
Violin solo début : easy playalong film themes
Pop / rock classics
Latinitas for solo guitar
Encore! : 12 favourites for cello
The student repertoire series : (for guitar) : a graded anthology of guitar works. Volume 2
All time klezmers. Alto saxophone
Microlatin : 20 new pieces based on Latin-American rhythms for the beginner to intermediate pianist with playalong CD
My first classical music book
Piano for dummies : perfect for all keyboards - not just pianos !
Solo pieces for the young guitarist
Polyrhythms : the musician's guide
Progressive rock keyboard : the complete guide with CD!
Concerto for violin in d minor, opus 47
International carols for alto saxophone
Ice : the definitive guide to in-car entertainment
International carols for flute
Lenk's laser handbook : featuring CD, CDV, and CD-ROM technology
The best of Stevie Wonder : A step-by-step breakdown of Stevie Wonder's keyboard styles and techniques
Stuff! Good piano players should know : an A to Z guide to getting better
Albumleaves for the young : opus 101 : twenty little pieces for piano
Sarah Walker's electronic keyboard basics. 1
Salsa piano : the complete guide with CD!
The djembe guide : for beginners and intermediate groups
The essence of Brazilian percussion and drum set
Hot cello. 1, 16 easy pop pieces in 1st position for 1-2 violoncellos and piano ad lib. = 16 leichte Popstücke in der 1. Lage für 1-2 Violoncelli und Klavier ad lib
Folk for clarinet : with additional 2nd part
How to play didjeridoo : a practical guide for everyone
How to play the didgeridoo : a practical guide for everyone
Easy classical guitar duets : a supplement to A modern approach to classical guitar
Play the world : the 101 world instrument primer
Tárrega in tablature
Sarah Walker's electronic keyboard basics. 2
Everybody's classical guitar : a step-by-step method. 1.
Hot cello. 2, 16 easy pop pieces in 1st-4th position for 1-2 violoncellos and piano ad lib. = 16 leichte Popstücke in der 1.-4. Lage für 1-2 Violoncelli und Klavier ad lib
Making musical instruments with kids : 67 easy projects for adults working with children
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
Jazz classics : featuring the Jazz Arts Trio : play 7 songs with notation and sound-alike CD tracks
Classical piano anthology. 2, 25 original works : including pieces by Haydn, Cimarosa, Beethoven and Czerny
Keyboard course : The complete absolute beginners : A complete learning system including 2 audio CDS and DVD
Jazz rhythm section work-out. 30A, For keyboardists and/or guitarists
Folk for flute : with additional 2nd part
Play it cool. Clarinet : ten easy pieces for B% clarinet and piano
African percussion : the djembe
Meet the instruments of the orchestra!
The complete works of Agustín Barrios Mangoré. Vol. 2
Play bongos & hand percussion now : the basics & beyond
Fantasias for flute and piano
Standards with strings
Build your own PC home entertainment system
Easy tunes for recorder
Boogie-woogie piano : the complete guide with CD!
A Christmas pastorale : 600 years of carols, chorales, preludes and pastorales scored for guitar duet
Pop rock keyboards : the complete guide
Learn to play guitar : everything you need to get started
Earth rhythms catalog. Vol. 1, Ethnic rhythms of Africa, Brazil, Caribbean, Latin America
China : your passport to a new world of music
Berklee practice method : keyboard
Beat it! : group percussion for beginners. Caribbean street music
Gospel piano : the complete guide with CD!
The rhythm in African music
Pop for cello. 4, 12 Pop-Hits zusätzlich mit 2. Stimme
Blues riffs for piano
