http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16886 working order
working order rules of procedure
Hungarian-Finnish penal law seminary on petty offences : 5-8 September, 1983, Budapest
PE teachers' job satisfaction, turnover, and intention to stay or leave the profession
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 2
Police and justice co-operation and the new European borders
The law and practice of the International Court : 1920-1996. Vol. 4, The Charter of the United Nations, statute and rules of Court. Indexes
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
Negotiation world order : the artisanship and architecture of global diplomacy
The Chinese legal system : globalization and local legal culture
Abstract.
The handbook of globalisation
The New international economic order : confrontation or cooperation between north and south?
The future of global governance : managing risk and change in the international system
New international economic order : a Third World perspective
When equal-part inheritance is not equivalent : gender and the value of land in a Spanish village
East-West-South : economic interactions between three worlds
China and the international system : becoming a world power
An introduction to Finnish law
Global political economy : understanding the international economic order
Private Policing examines the origins of private policing, the growing literature that has sought to explain its growth, and ways in which it has been defined and classified.
The Council of the European Union
Mini-NIEO : the potential of regional north-south cooperation
World disorders : troubled peace in the post-cold war era
Fundamentals of American law
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court : a commentary : materials : text of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, rules of procedure and evidence , elements of crimes. Materials : text of the Rome statute of the International Criminal Court, rules of procedure and evidence, elements of crime
The New international economic order : the North-South debate
Dynamics of socio-economic development : an introduction
Transformations of policing
Access to finnish law
Towards the new international economic order : analytical report on developments in the field of international economic co-operation since the sixth special session of the General Assembly
Policing : a short history
EU law : text, cases, and materials
Parliamentary codes of conduct in Europe : an overview
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
Introduction to Swiss law
Danish law in a European perspective
The politics of judicial co-operation in the EU : sunday trading, equal treatment and good faith
Global problems and world order
Approaches to world order
In recent years, remarkable progress has been made in behavioral research on a wide variety of topics, from behavioral finance, labor contracts, philanthropy, and the analysis of savings and poverty, to eyewitness identification and sentencing decisions, racism, sexism, health behaviors, and voting. Research findings have often been strikingly counterintuitive, with serious implications for public policymaking. In this book, experts in psychology, decision research, policy analysis, economics, political science, law, medicine, and philosophy explore major trends, principles, and general insights about human behavior in policy-relevant settings. Their work provides an understanding of the many drivers - cognitive, social, perceptual, motivational, and emotional - that guide behaviors in everyday settings. They give depth and insight into the methods of behavioral research, and highlight how this knowledge might influence the implementation of public policy for the improvement of society. This collection examines the policy relevance of behavioral science to our social and political lives, to issues ranging from health, environment, and nutrition, to dispute resolution, implicit racism, and false convictions. The book illuminates the relationship between behavioral findings and economic analyses, and calls attention to what policymakers might learn from this vast body of groundbreaking work. Wide-ranging investigation into people's motivations, abilities, attitudes, and perceptions finds that they differ in profound ways from what is typically assumed. The result is that public policy acquires even greater significance, since rather than merely facilitating the conduct of human affairs, policy actually shapes their trajectory. This is the first interdisciplinary look at behaviorally informed policymaking. It includes leading behavioral experts across the social sciences consider important policy problems.
European criminal law : an integrative approach
Gender, symbolism and organizational cultures
Taxon delineation in gelechioid moths : from phylogenetics to DNA barcoding
A fair globalization : the role of the ILO
Russia, Europe, and the rule of law
Emerging states : the wellspring of a new world order
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 1
Working for the regions
Who patrols the streets? : an international comparative study of plural policing
Wyatt and Dashwood's European Union law
The complete guide to a clutter-free home : organized storage solutions & projects
The Permanent Representatives Committee : its role in European Union decision-making
The constitution of Finland
Introduction to the law of Israel
Doing business in the USA : opas oikeudellisten riskien hallintaan Yhdysvalloissa
The European Union and internal security : guardian of the people?
Globalization and its discontents
Business laws in the Nordic countries : legal and tax aspects
Classroom management : sound theory and effective practice
International business : the new realities
Helping the difficult library patron : new approaches to examining and resolving a long-standing and ongoing problem
European criminal law : an intergrative approach
European Community law : text and materials
Access to Finnish law
'Whole-brain' behaviour management in the classroom : every piece of the puzzle
Production, power and world order : social forces in the making of history
Sustainable development and good governance
Introduction to German law
A new world order : grassroots movements for global change
The procedure of the UN Security Council
Griffith & Ryle on Parliament : functions, practices and procedures
The behavioral foundations of public policy
Region-to-region cooperation between developed and developing countries : the potential for Mini-NIEO
The end of American world order
Policing major events : perspectives from around the world
