http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16868 music sociology
music sociology sociology of music
Designed as a tribute to Robert Garfias, who has conducted field work in more cultures than any other living ethnomusicologist, this volume explores the originating encounter in field work of ethnomusicologists with the musicians and musical traditions they study. The nineteen contributors provide case studies from nearly every corner of the world, including biographies of important musicians from the Philippines, Turkey, Lapland, and Korea; interviews with, and reports of learning from, musicians from Ireland, Bulgaria, Burma, and India; and analyses of how traditional musicians adapt to the encounter with modernity in Japan, India, China, Turkey, Afghanistan, Morocco, and the United States.
Soul music : the pulse of race and music
Smile when you call me a hillbilly : country music's struggle for respectability, 1939-1954
Studies on musical diversity : methodological approaches
Reading the popular
The cultural study of music : a critical introduction
Dāphā : sacred singing in a South Asian city : music, performance and meaning in Bhaktapur, Nepal
The word in six songs : how the musical brain created human nature
Where music helps : community music therapy in action and reflection
Shaping jazz : cities, labels, and the global emergence of an art form
Climbing the charts : what radio airplay tells us about the diffusion of innovation
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
The book also provides a window into the history of ethnomusicology since all the contributors have had a relationship with the University of Washington, home to one of the oldest programs in ethnomusicology in the United States. Inspired by the example of Robert Garfias, they are all indefatigable field researchers and among the leading authorities in the world on their particular musical cultures. The contributions illustrate the core similarities in their approach to the discipline of ethnomusicology and at the same time deal with a remarkably wide range of perspectives, themes, issues, and theoretical questions. Readers should find this collection of essays a fascinating, indeed surprising, glimpse into an important aspect of the history of ethnomusicology.
Going for jazz : musical practices and American ideology
Where fatherlessness meets music therapy : "the importance of therapist & the uniqueness of music"
Bytes and backbeats : repurposing music in the digital age
Choro : a social history of a Brazilian popular music
Piano forte : stories and soundscapes from colonial New Zealand
Turkish metal journeys deep into the heart of the Turkish heavy metal scene, uncovering the emergence, evolution, and especially the social implications of this controversial musical genre in a Muslim society. The book applies an ethnographic approach in order to study social and cultural change in a Muslim society that is stricken with conflict over the, by turns, religious or secular nature of the state. Turkish Metal explores how Turkish metalheads, against all odds, manage to successfully claim public spaces of their own, thereby transforming the public face of the city. The book raises the question of how and why the young dare to rebel against the prevalent social and moral restrictions in Turkish society; and it examines whether they succeed in asserting their individual freedom in a society that is still well-known for sanctioning any kind of behaviour deviating from the norm. Above all, the book investigates the Turkish metal scene's potential for contesting Islamic concepts of morality, its relevance within the field of female emancipation, and its capacity to foster social relations that cut across national, religious and ethnic boundaries.
Why do some music styles gain mass popularity while others thrive in small niches? Banding together explores this question and reveals the attributes that together explain the growth of twentieth-century American popular music. Drawing on a vast array of examples from sixty musical styles - ranging from rap and bluegrass to death metal and South Texas polka, and including several created outside the United States - Jennifer Lena uncovers the shared grammar that allows us to understand the cultural language and evolution of popular music.
Whose Spain? : negotiating "Spanish music" in Paris, 1908-1929
Black culture, white youth : the reggae tradition from JA to UK
This business of music
Music and art in society
The sociology of music
Critical reflections on music education : proceedings of the second international symposium on the philosophy of music education june 12-16, 1994 University of Toronto
Multiple meaning : Techno: an artistic and political laboratory of the present
Music and cultural rights
Theorizing the local : music, practice, and experience in South Asia and beyond
The beat goes on : Liverpool, popular music and the changing city
Footsteps in the dark : the hidden histories of popular music
Dig : sound and music in hip culture
Whose music? : a sociology of musical languages
Musical connections : traditions and change : proceedings of the 21st World Conference of the International Society for Music Education held in Tampa, Florida, USA
Rockin' las Américas : the global politics of rock in Latin/o America
Rebel music : race, empire and the new Muslim youth culture
A misfit's manifesto : the spiritual journey of a rock & roll heart : a memoir
Rara! : vodou, power, and performance in Haiti and its diaspora
Tha global cipha : hip hop culture and consciousness
Popular music and communication
Music and the southern belle : from accomplished lady to Confederate composer
Popular music : a yearbook. 3, Producers and markets
Music of the common tongue : survival and celebration in African American music
Bob Marley : herald of a postcolonial world?
1000 songs to change your life
River of tears : country music, memory, and modernity in Brazil
The real hiphop : battling for knowledge, power, and respect in the LA underground
Folk music and modern sound : essays
Music, radio and the public sphere : the aesthetics of democracy
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
God bless America : the surprising history of an iconic song
Pasted into Bibles, schoolbooks, and hearts, "Lift every voice and sing," written by J. Rosamond Johnson and James Weldon Johnson in 1900, has become one of the most beloved songs in the African American community - taught for years in schools, churches, and civic organizations. Adopted by the NAACP as its official song in the 1920s and sung throughout the civil rights movement, it is still heard today at gatherings across America. [...] In celebration of the song's centennial, Julian Bond and Sondra Kathryn Wilson have collected one hundred essays by artists, educators, politicians, and activists reflecting on their personal experiences with the song. Also featuring photos from historical archives, Lift every voice and sing is a moving illustration of the African American experience in the past century.
Banding together : how communities create genres in popular music
Popular music. 2, Theory and method
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Kwaito's promise : music and the aesthetics of freedom in South Africa
Community Music Today highlights community music workers who constantly improvise and reinvent to lead through music and other expressive media. It answers the perennial question "What is community music? " through a broad, international palette of contextual shades, hues, tones, and colors. With over fifty musician/educators participating, the book explores community music in global contexts, interconnections, and marginalized communities, as well as artistry and social justice in performing ensembles. This book is both a response to and a testimony of what music is and can do, music's place in people's lives, and the many ways it unites and marks communities. As documented in case studies, community music workers may be musicians, teachers, researchers, and activists, responding to the particular situations in which they find themselves. Their voices are the threads of the multifaceted tapestry of musical practices at play in formal, informal, nonformal, incidental, and accidental happenings of community music.
The jazz scene
From the Tanjore court to the Madras Music Academy : a social history of music in South India
Minstrels of the dawn : the folk-protest singer as a cultural hero
Popular music and human rights. Vol. 2, World music
Hip hop Desis : South Asian Americans, Blackness, and a global race consciousness
Tramps like us : music & meaning among Springsteen fans
Lucifer rising : sin, devil worship & rock'n'roll
Music and its secret influence throughout the ages
Reds, whites, and blues : social movements, folk music, and race in the United States
Phat beats, dope rhymes : hip hop down under comin' upper
Popular music : a yearbook. 5, Continuity and change
Electric Tibet : the rise and fall of San Francisco rock scene
The power of song : music and dance in the mission communities of northern New Spain, 1590-1810
Music in Egypt : experiencing music, expressing culture
"In mid-1990s South Africa, apartheid ended, Nelson Mandela was elected president, and the country's urban black youth developed kwaito&#x2014;a form of electronic music (redolent of North American house) that came to represent the post-struggle generation. In this book, Gavin Steingo examines kwaito as it has developed alongside the democratization of South Africa over the past two decades. Tracking the fall of South African hope into the disenchantment that often characterizes the outlook of its youth today - who face high unemployment, extreme inequality, and widespread crime&#x2014;Steingo looks to kwaito as a powerful tool that paradoxically engages South Africa&#x2019;s crucial social and political problems by, in fact, seeming to ignore them. Politicians and cultural critics have long criticized kwaito for failing to provide any meaningful contribution to a society that desperately needs direction. As Steingo shows, however, these criticisms are built on problematic assumptions about the political function of music. Interacting with kwaito artists and fans, he shows that youth aren&#x2019;t escaping their social condition through kwaito but rather using it to expand their sensory realities and generate new possibilities. Resisting the truism that "music is always political," Steingo elucidates a music that thrives on its its radically ambiguous relationship with politics, power, and the state"--Publisher's website.
Community music today
A study of the role and representation of music in contemporary British fiction which also provides a theoretical account of the historical relationship between the two media.
Songs, scribes, and society : the history and reception of the Loire Valley chansonniers
Explores how people may use music in ways that are helpful for them, especially in relation to a sense of wellbeing, belonging and participation. This book contributes to the discourse on music, culture and society and it is developed in dialogue with related areas of study, such as music sociology, ethnomusicology and community psychology..
Popular music : a yearbook. 4, Performers and audiences
International review of the aesthetics and sociology of music
"Maximum clarity" and other writings on music
World music, musics of the world : aspects of documentation, mass media and acculturation
Rap music and culture
Music and image : domesticity, ideology, and socio-cultural formation in eighteenth-century England
Sociology for music teachers : perspectives for practice
On the basis of a body of reggae songs from the 1970s and late 1990s, this book offers a sociological analysis of memory, hope and redemption in reggae music. From Dennis Brown to Sizzla, the way in which reggae music constructs a musical, religious and socio-political memory in rupture with dominant models is vividly illustrated by the lyrics themselves. How is the past remembered in the present? How does remembering the past allow for imagining the future? How does collective memory participate into the historical grounding of collective identity? What is the relationship between tradition and revolution, between the recollection of the past and the imagination of the future, between passivity and action? Ultimately, this case study of memory at work opens up on a theoretical problem: the conceptualization of time and its relationship with memory.
This anthology contains seven texts by Kurt Blaukopf (1914-1999) that exemplify the sociological and epistemological position of this pioneer of Austrian music sociology. Blaukopf's efforts were aimed at a comprehensive, interdisciplinary approach and analysis of music as a cultural phenomenon and as social practice. The primary aim of this anthology is to make Blaukopf's work better known in the English-speaking world. It offers the interested reader a fruitful analysis of the relation between music sociology and its sister disciplines, e.g. musicology, a solid reflection in terms of the philosophy of science on the possibilities and limits of music sociology and a highly topical discussion about the significance of intrinsic artistic aspects in music sociology.
On the sociology of music education : papers delivered by the authors at the Oklahoma Symposium for Music Education in April 1995
In Russia at the turn of the twentieth century, printed literature and performances - from celebrity narratives and opera fandom to revolutionary acts and political speeches - frequently articulated extreme emotional states and passionate belief. A uniquely intense approach to public life and private expression - the 'melodramatic imagination' - is at the center of this study. Previously, scholars have only indirectly addressed the everyday appropriation of melodramatic aesthetics in Russia, choosing to concentrate on canonical texts and producers of mass culture. Collective fantasies and affects are daunting objects of study, difficult to render, and almost impossible to prove empirically. Music and art historians, with some notable exceptions, have been reluctant to discuss reception for similar reasons. By analyzing the artifacts and practices of a commercialized opera culture, author Anna Fishzon provides a solution to these challenges. Her focus on celebrity and fandom as features of the melodramatic imagination helps illuminate Russian modernity and provides the groundwork for comparative studies of fin-de-siècle European popular and high culture, selfhood, authenticity, and political theater.
The rational and social foundations of music
Music and the muses : the culture of Mousikē in the classical Athenian city
Dance of life : popular music and politics in Southeast Asia
Music in the mix : the story of South African popular music
Ethnomusicological encounters with music and musicians : essays in honor of Robert Garfias
Music in Pacific Island cultures : experiencing music, expressing culture
The recording angel : music, records and culture from Aristotle to Zappa
Composer, performer, public : a study in communication
Les femmes et la création musicale : colloque du Conseil international de la musique et du Centre de documentation de la musique contemporaine : Unesco, 7 et 8 mars 1996 = Women and musical creation : International Music Council and Documentation Center for Contemporary Music conference / [directeurs de la publication: Marianne Lyon, Guy Huot] ; [traductions, transcriptions: Jeremy Drake] ; [couverture: Jérôme Laffay] ; [secrétariat de rédaction et PAO: Katherine Vayne]
Rationalizing Lithuanian contemporary music field : institutional processes in the five music festivals during the first decade of independence
"Consuming Music in the Digital Age explores issues related to the consumption of music in the digital age of music technologies. In exploring questions related to the material and technological modalities of contemporary music consumption, to the diffusion of music within everyday life, to individuals' affective responses to music, to their taste and to the relevance of music within their life narratives, this book aims to highlight how music increasingly represents an essential resource to individuals' daily lives. It offers a much-needed update to theories from the sociology of music on individual music practices, while also accounting for the various structural elements that come into play in how individuals consume music. "--
Hip hop matters : politics, pop culture, and the struggle for the soul of a movement
Music and solidarity : questions of universality, consciousness, and connection
The political force of musical beauty
Lift every voice and sing : a celebration of the Negro national anthem : 100 years, 100 voices
Piano forte is composed of many voices, as it draws on memoirs, diaries, letters, concert programmes, company records, fiction and visual images. The stories end in 1930 when the increasing popularity of the phonograph, the radio and the introduction of the talkie movies were beginning to have a profound impact on people's leisure activities. But by 1930, the piano has a thoroughly settled in, no longer a stranger but a loved, essential part of New Zealand society.
Solid gold : the popular record industry
Classics for the masses : shaping Soviet musical identity under Lenin and Stalin
Musical migrations : transnationalism and cultural hybridity in Latin/o America. Vol. 1
This business of music : the definitive guide to the music industry
Music inside and outside the school
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Dāphā, or dāphā bhajan, is a genre of Hindu-Buddhist devotional singing, performed by male, non-professional musicians of the farmer and other castes belonging to the Newar ethnic group, in the towns and villages of the Kathmandu Valley, Nepal. The songs, their texts, and their characteristic responsorial performance-style represent an extension of pan-South Asian traditions of rāga- and tāla-based devotional song, but at the same time embody distinctive characteristics of Newar culture. This culture is of unique importance as an urban South Asian society in which many traditional models survive into the modern age.
The new guitarscape in critical theory, cultural practice and musical performance
Sound diplomacy : music and emotions in transatlantic relations, 1850-1920
Nuthin' but a 'G' thang : the culture and commerce of gangsta rap
Excursions in world music
Transnational encounters : music and performance at the U.S.-Mexico border
My music
Radio remains one of the most popular mediums through which people experience music. Yet there have only been a few studies examining the dynamic effects of radio on music. In this innovative study of community radio, Charles Fairchild uses a novel combination of critical analysis, interdisciplinary theory and ethnographic writing to compare commercial and community radio institutions and practices. By situating community radio in the dominant context of consumerism, Fairchild shows how people can create democratic discourses by speaking through other people's music. He argues that the social relations produced by playing music on the radio, and the inherent ambiguity of music itself, hold the potential for cultural democracy. The book shows how community radio's aesthetic practices accord with the ideals of an open and equitable public sphere, contributing to civil society and a potentially democratic aesthetics in which the "old medium" of radio holds profound lessons for 'new media'.
Music and Marx : ideas, practices, politics
Sounds and society : themes in the sociology of music
In the fall of 1938, following Kristallnacht, the symphonic orchestra in Palestine cancelled the performance of Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg. No one could foresee that this would be the beginning of a never-ending boycott. The boycott began in a society struggling for its existence and collective identity; it continues in a well-established culture that maintains close ties with Germany and German culture, when numerous Israeli institutions are involved in commemorating the Holocaust. At present Wagner is known in Israel mainly as a symbol of the Holocaust. From the late twentieth-century Wagner is the only composer who aroused strong opposition when attempts were made to publicly play his music. Analysis of this controversy sheds light on the changes that have taken place in Israel - from a pioneering to a traditional society, and from a socialist to a capitalistic one. In the Wagner Year The Ring of Myths appears in a revised edition, including interpretations from new perspectives on the place of the Holocaust in Israeli society and the processes of change until 2012.
Blissed out : the raptures of rock
Revolution in the head : the Beatles' records and the sixties
Music and the sociological gaze : art worlds and cultural production
The British barbershopper : a study in socio-musical values
Music learning in Costa Rica : a postcolonial institutional ethnography
[Over the past four decades, the "globalized" aspects of cultural circulation have received the majority of scholarly-and consumer-attention, particularly in the study of South Asian music. As a result, a broad range of community-based and other locally focused performance traditions in the regions of South Asia have remained relatively unexplored. Theorizing the local provides a challenging and compelling counterperspective to the "globalized," arguing for the value of comparative microstudies that are not concerned primarily with the flow of capital and neoliberal politics. What does it mean for musical activities to be local in an increasingly interconnected world? To what extent can theoretical activity be localized to the very acts of making music, interacting, and composing? Theorizing the Local offers glimpses into rich musical worlds of south and west Asia, worlds which have never before been presented in a single volume. The authors cross the traditional borders of scholarship and region, exploring in unmatched detail a vast array of musical practices and significant ethnographic discoveries-from Nepal to India, India to Sri Lanka, Pakistan to Iran. Enriched by audio and video tracks on an extensive companion Web site, Theorizing the local is an important study of South Asian musical traditions that offers a broader understanding of 21st-century music of the world.]
A social history of music : from the Middle Ages to Beethoven ; Music and society since 1815
Musiques des jeunes = Music and youth
Karaoke around the world : global technology, local singing
Composing dissent : avant-garde music in 1960s Amsterdam
A sociological approach to the understanding of music
The sociology of opera
Kurt Blaukopf on music sociology : an anthology
Don't get above your raisin' : country music and the southern working class
[No other sogn has held such a profoundly significant - and contradictory - place in America's history and cultural memory. It was sung at Ronald Reagan's funeral, and adopted with new lyrics by labor radicals. John Updike quoted it in the title of one of his novels, and George W. Bush had it performed at the memorial service in the National Cathedral for victims of September 11, 2001. In this sweeping study, John Stauffer and Benjamin Soskis show how this Civil War tune has become an anthem for cause after radically different cause. The song originated in antebellum revivalism, with the melody of the camp-meeting favorite, "Say brothers, will you meet us". Union soldiers in the Civil War then turned it into "John Brown's body". Julia Ward Howe, uncomfortable with Brown's violence and militancy, wrote the words we know today. Using intense apocalyptic and millenarian imagery, she captured the popular enthusiasm of the time, the sense of a climactic battle between good and evil; yet she made no reference to a particular time or place, allowing it to be exported or adapted to new conflicts, including Reconstruction, sectional reconciliation, imperialism, progressive reform, labor radicalism, civil rights movements, and social conservatism. And yet the memory of the song's original role in bloody and divisive Civil War scuttled an attempt to make it the national anthem. The Daughters of the Confederacy held a contest for new lyrics, but admitted that none of the entries measured up to the power of the original. "The battle hymn" has long helped to express what we mean when we talk about sacrifice, about the importance of fighting - in battles both real and allegorical - for the values America represents. It conjures up and confirms some of our most profound conceptions of national identity and purpose. And yet, as Stauffer and Soskis note, the popularity of the song has not relieved it of the tensions present at its birth - tensions between unity and discord, and between the glories and the perils of righteous enthusiasm. If anything, those tensions became more profound. By following this thread through the tapestry of American history, The battle hymn of the republic illuminates the fractures and contradictions that underlie the story of our nation.]
Burma's pop music industry : creators, distributors, censors
Stars don't stand still in the sky : music and myth
Community music : in theory and in practice
Many seeds, different flowers : the music education legacy of Carl Orff
The hip : hipsters, jazz and the beat generation
Republic of rock : music and citizenship in the sixties counterculture
Hello, hello Brazil : popular music in the making of modern Brazil
High-minded and low-down : music in the lives of Americans, 1800-1861
Music-in-action : selected essays in sonic ecology
Dark side of the tune : popular music and violence
The politics of opera in Handel's Britain
Music on deaf ears : musical meaning, ideology, education
The rap on gangsta rap : who run it? : gangsta rap and visions of black violence
Music in society : a guide to the sociology of music
The music business
Making popular music : musicians, creativity and institutions
The no-nonsense guide to world music
American heartbeat : travels from Woodstock to San Jose by song title
The Routledge reader on the sociology of music
The post-classical predicament : essays on music and society
Introduction to the sociology of music
From soul to hip-hop
Navigating music and sound education
Sounds of change : social and political features of music in Africa
Music, society and imagination in contemporary France
The mystery of samba : popular music & national identity in Brazil
The essays contained in this volume address some of the most visible, durable and influential of African American musical styles as they developed from the mid-1960s into the 21st-century. Soul, funk, pop, R&B and hip hop practices are explored both singly and in their many convergences, and in writings that have often become regarded as landmarks in black musical scholarship. These works employ a wide range of methodologies, and taken together they show the themes and concerns of academic black musical study developing over three decades. While much of the writing here is focused on music and musicians in the United States, the book also documents important and emergent trends in the study of these styles as they have spread across the world. The volume maintains the original publication format and pagination of each essay, making for easy and accurate cross-reference and citation. Tom Perchard's introduction gives a detailed overview of the book's contents, and of the field as a whole, situating the present essays in a longer and wider tradition of African American music studies. In bringing together and contextualising works that are always valuable but sometimes difficult to access, the volume forms an excellent introductory resource for university music students and researchers.
Music of the counterculture era
What was the role of mousike, the realm of the Muses, in Greek life? More wide-ranging in its implications than the English 'music', mousike lay at the heart of Greek culture, and was often indeed synonymous with culture. In its commonest form, it represented for the Greeks a seamless complex of music, poetic word, and physical movement, encompassing a vast array of performances - from small-scale entertainment in the private home to elaborate performances involving the entire community. Yet the history of the field, particularly in anglophone scholarship, has been hitherto narrowly conceived, and the broader cultural significance of mousike largely ignored. Focusing mainly on classical Athens these new and specially commissioned essays analyse the theory and practice of musical performance in a variety of social contexts and demonstrate the centrality of mousike to the values and ideology of the polis. The so-called 'new musical revolution' in late fifth-century Athens receives serious treatment in this volume for the first time. A major theme of the book is the musical and mousike dimension of Greek religion, rarely analysed in its own right. The ethical and philosophical aspects of Athenian mousike are another central concern, with the figure of the dancing philosopher as an emblem of music's role in intellectual life. The book as a whole provides an integrated cultural analysis of central aspects of Greek mousike, which will be of interest to classical scholars, to cultural historians, and to anyone concerned with understanding the power of music as a cultural phenomenon.
The international recording industries
Making beats : the art of sample-based hip-hop
Music and propaganda in the short twentieth century
Music and capitalism : a history of the present
Fandom, authenticity, and opera : mad acts and letter scenes in fin-de-siècle Russia
Reverberations of dissent : identity and expression in Iran's illegal music scene
Music in contemporary British fiction : listening to the novel
The ring of myths : the Israelis, Wagner and the Nazis
Music of the spheres : conference proceedings
Rhythm and resistance : explorations in the political uses of popular music
A social history of music : from the middle ages to Beethoven
Mediated stardom, constructed images : the value and functioning of authoship in popular music
The battle hymn of the republic : a biography of the song that marches on
Music and musicians in Crete : performance and ethnography in a Mediterranean island society
The rise of a jazz art world
Mediating music through humour : the birth of Pensselisetä
Time and memory in reggae music : the politics of hope
Joseph Horowitz's The Post-Classical Predicament explores the dilemma of classical music in America's changing society. Around the turn of the century, argues the author, classical music was integral to general intellectual discourse and to the contemporary moment. This integration of music and society began to break down during the interwar decades. A new, enlarged audience was tutored to disdain contemporary and American culture in favor of pedigreed Old World masters. In a period when jazz became America's most individual, most influential musical export, the music appreciation movement shunned popular music as a menace. To the schism between musical and intellectual life, between audience and composer, was added a schism between highbrow and low. After World War II classical music became increasingly marginalized - a form of popular culture masquerading as high culture. Ultimately, great music and great performers became captives of their own celebrity. In this sterling collection of essays, Joseph Horowitz ranges from the turn-of-the-century achievements of Dvorak, Seidl, and Ives to the distorted careers of Vladimir Horowitz and Leonard Bernstein a century later. His other topics include Glenn Gould, Amadeus, and Forest Lawn Cemetery - where classical music rests in peace as mortuary kitsch. The collection concludes with the author's reflections on his own experience as Executive Director of the Brooklyn Philharmonic Orchestra - whose recent weekend festivals aim for a revitalized "post-classical" music exploding the traditional formats and boundaries.
There are over a million jazz recordings, but only a few hundred tunes have been recorded repeatedly. Why did a minority of songs become jazz standards? Why do some songs - and not others - get rerecorded by many musicians? Shaping Jazz answers this question and more, exploring the underappreciated yet crucial roles played by initial production and markets - in particular, organizations and geography - in the development of early twentieth-century jazz.
Rock music : a defining force in Ukrainian national identity
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
El Sistema : Music for social change
Musical connections : tradition and change : proceedings of the 21st World Conference of the International Society for Music Education held in Tampa, Florida, USA
Music and society : the later writings of Paul Honigsheim
The text looks at the many practices of hip-hop - graffiti, rapping, break dancing performances, compositional process, lyrics, music and fanzines - and captures the fluid contractions along with the bodily pleasures that make up the scene. Maxwell shows how these young men negotiate issues of identity by imagining themselves within an international hip-hop nation.
The music between us : is music a universal language?
Consuming music in the digital age : technologies, roles and everyday life
Barbadian popular music and the politics of Caribbean culture
Turkish metal : music, meaning, and morality in a Muslim society
