http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16891 marine biology
marine biology
Marine biology : a very short introduction
Selected English translations of publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 2, Squid (biology and fishing)
Marine biology : function, biodiversity, ecology
The Baltic Sea
Marine biodiversity : patterns and processes
English summary.
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 2
Proceedings of the 10th International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Halong Bay. Part 1
Marine biodiversity : a journal of the Senckenberg Research Institute
Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua L.) in the North Atlantic with emphasis on Icelandic waters : population genetic structure, temporal stability and genotypie dependent growth properties
Charophytes of the Baltic Sea
Life history strategies and spatial dynamics of the Barents Sea capelin (Mallotus villosus)
The marine environment is the largest, most important, and yet most mysterious habitat on our planet. It contains more than 99% of the world's living space, produces half of its oxygen, plays a critical role in regulating its climate, and supports a remarkably diverse and exquisitely adapted array of life forms, from microscopic viruses, bacteria, and plankton to the largest existing animals. In this unique Very Short Introduction, biologist Philip Mladenov provides a comprehensive overview of marine biology, offering a tour of marine life and marine processes that ranges from the polar oceans to tropical coral reefs, and from shoreline mollusks to deep-sea hydrothermal vents. Mladenov also looks at a number of factors that pose a significant threat to the marine environment and to many of its life forms-threats such as overfishing, coastal development, plastic pollution, oil spills, nutrient pollution, the spread of exotic species, and the emission of climate changing greenhouse gases. Throughout the book he successfully weaves around the principles of marine biology a discussion of the human impacts on the oceans and the threats these pose to our welfare --
Phytoplankton pigments in oceanography : guidelines to modern methods
The log from the sea of Cortez : the narrative portion of the book, Sea of Cortez, by John Steinbeck and E. F. Ricketts, 1941, here reissued with a profile "About Ed Ricketts"
Supershark and other creatures of the deep
Under Antarctic ice : the photographs of Norbert Wu
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 3
A marine science Odyssey into the 21st century
An introduction to the biology of marine life
Bacterial adhesion, aggregation and flocculation mechanisms in activated sludge
Life and death of coral reefs
Workshop on the development and management of marine protected areas : May 7th to 15th, Kasnäs - Finland
Links between macroalgal mats fauna and sediment biogeochemistry
Stress as an evolutionary force : causes, consequences and adaptations to extrinsic and intrinsic stresses
Small-scale turbulence in relation to plankton ecology : sources, measurements and analysis - with focus on energy dissipation rates and  turbulent scales
Scientists and the sea 1650-1900 : a study of marine science
Technical series
Simple sediment model: a tool to estimate nutrient regeneration in Baltic Sea sediments
Arctic climate change : the ACSYS decade and beyond
Smithsonian contributions to the marine sciences
Geographic and oceanographic research in Indian waters. Part 1, The geography of the Andaman Sea basin
Retinoids in salmonid aquaculture with special emphasis on developmental deformities
Kristineberg Marine Biological Station
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Volume 27
Proceedings of the 10th [International] Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Haiphong. Part 3, Lecture notes. Training courses of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 31 October to 14 November 1999
Tropical deep-sea benthos. Vol. 22
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, Italy, 9-12 March 2004.
Biology of the Baltic Sea : proceedings of the 17th BMB Symposium, 25-29 November 2001, Stockholm, Sweden
Continental shelves
The naturetrail omnibus
Biodiversity and genetic patterns in marine invertebrates
Brazilian Antarctic activities : plans [of] activities for 1997-1998 : Antarctic Treaty: information exchange under Article VII (5) = Atividades brasileiras na Antártica : plano de atividades para 1997-1998 : Tratado da Antártica: intercâmbio de informações preconizado no Artico VII (5)
Light and life in the sea
Recommendations for marine biological studies in the Baltic Sea : phytoplankton and chlorophyll
The ecology, status, and conservation of marine and shoreline birds of the Queen Charlotte Islands
Camouflage
Introduction to marine biology
An introduction to the world's oceans
Biological oceanography
Stars beneath the sea : the extraordinary lives of the pioneers of diving
Ocean : an illustrated atlas
Marine environment & health series
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 5 : Season seas
Biological and environmental chemistry of DMS(P) and the role of Phaeocystis in marine biogeochemical cycles : proceedings of two consecutive symposia: A. Second International Symposium on Biological and Environmental Chemistry of DMS(P) and Related Compounds [and] B. The Role of Phaeocystis in Marine Biogeochemical Cycles and Fluxes held at the University of Groningen, The Netherlands, August 1999
Foundations for ecological research west of the Antarctic Peninsula
Antarctic aquatic biology : proceedings of the Regional Symposium on Recent Advances in Antarctic Aquatic Biology with special reference to the Antarctic Peninsula region, held in San Carlos de Bariloche, Argentina, 6-10 June 1983
Charophytes in the Baltic Sea - threats and conservation
An introduction to marine ecology
XIV Pacific Science Congress, Khabarovsk, USSR, August, 1979 : Abstracts. Section F2, F2a, Marine biology, Biology of shelf
Age determination of minke whales
This great and wide sea : an introduction to oceanography and marine biology
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Philip's atlas of the oceans
Antarctic and subantarctic Pycnogonida: Nymphonidae, Colossendeidae, Rhynchothoraxidae, Pycnogonidae, Endeididae, and Callipallenidae
Enzymic hydrolysis of salmon frames with Protamex[sup TM] : dietary impact of the produced fish protein hydrolysate on lipid metabolism in obese Zucker rats
The biology of the deep ocean
Taxonomic atlas of the benthic fauna of the Santa Maria Basin and Western Santa Barbara Channel : the Bryozoa
Encyclopedia of the sea
Introduction to the biology of marine life
Autecology, toxicity, genetics and life history of Prymnesium parvum and Prymnesium patelliferum (Haptophyta) : is a species separation warranted?
A review of copepoda associated with sea anemones and anemone-like forms (Cnidaria, Anthozoa)
Poseidon's steed : the story of seahorses, from myth to reality
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 10 : Deep trouble
Cool waters Emerald seas : diving in temperate waters
Comparison of enclosed and semi-enclosed marine systems : biologcal, physical and (geo)-chemical features and processes & responses to altered environmental conditions : abstracts, list of participants
Round goby Neogobius melanostomus in the Baltic Sea : invasion biology in practice
Marine harpaticoids and cyclopoids from the shores of the St. Lawrence
Recommendations on methods for marine biological studies in the Baltic sea
Svalbard : field excursion in arctic marine biology, June 5-14, 1995
Geographic and oceanographic research in Indian waters. Part 2, A study of the nature of the sea-bed and the deep-sea deposits of the Andaman Sea and Bay of Bengal
Top dive sites of the Indian Ocean : [95 of the Indian Ocean's most exciting and challenging dive sites]
XIV Pacific Science Congress, Khabarovsk, USSR, August, 1979 : Abstracts. Section F2, Marine biology
Marine geology : exploring the new frontiers of the ocean
Migrations and dispersal of marine organisms : proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium held in Reykjavik, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002
Feeding ecology of Baltic Sea herring (Clupea harengus L.) : field and model studies of a dominant zooplanktivor
Beyond the outer shores : the untold odyssey of Ed Ricketts, the pioneering ecologist who inspired John Steinbeck and Joseph Campbell
Aquatic productivity : an introduction to some basic aspects of biological oceanography and limnology
The day the whale came : the true story of a long-distance swimmer, a lost whale and their extraordinary encounter
Variability within marine ecosystems of northwestern Europe : final report EC-DGXIV research contract FAIR\95\710
Ecology of three coastal cold-water cnidarians, in particular the scleractinian Lophelia pertusa
North Sea zoobenthos - reported from the vicinity of oil plattforms : term list ZB version 930309-GUZ
Antarctic and subantarctic Pycnogonida: Ammotheidae and Austrodecidae
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 9 : Making waves
Evolutionary genetics of Daphnia metapopulations
The Jacques Cousteau odyssey. 1
The marine fauna and flora of the Azores : proceedings of the Third International Workshop of Malacology and Marine Biology , Vila Franca do Campo, São Miguel, Açores, July 17-28, 2006.
Light and life in polar and coastal waters : optical models and primary production
"This book represents the Proceedings of the 37th European Marine Biology Symposium, held in Reykjavík, Iceland, 5-9 August 2002. The main themes of the symposium were Migrations and Dispersal of Marine Organisms. These themes are highly relevant today. There is widespread man-aided dispersal (e.g. by ballast water) of marine plants and animals, which may have substantial effects on the regions receiving new species. The new introductions may result in reduced diversity of plants and animals and may affect natural resources in the countries receiving toxic algae and other foreign elements. Studies of changes in distribution and dispersal of marine animals and plants are also highly relevant with reference to the changing climate taking place. The study of dispersal has recently gained new impetus with the discovery of the remarkable communities found on isolated hydrothermal vents and cold water seeps in the world's oceans." -- (julkaisija)
Introduction to physical and biological oceanography
Textural and structural properties of fresh and smoked salmon (Salmo salar)
Marine biology research
The world of marine life : from tropical reef fish to mighty sharks
Samantekt (abstract in Icelandic).
Marine biology
The Jacques Cousteau : The movie box. 3, Voyage to the Edge of the World = Matka maailman ääriin
Reproduction, life cycles, and distributions of Calanus finmarchicus, C. glacialis, and C. hyperboreus in relation to environmental conditions in the Barents Sea
Demon fish : travels through the hidden world of sharks
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 2 : The deep
Guide to the oceans
Information on marine research 1994
Marine biodiversity
Benguela trophic functioning
Jaws : a novel
The blue planet : a natural history of the oceans
Introduction to marine biology : transmasters to accompany
The structure and distribution of coral reefs
Research bulletin
Global seagrass research methods
The living resources of the world ocean
Preliminary report on Ambon survey 1970
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
The Baltic marine environment 1999-2002
The marine fauna and flora of the Azores : proceedings of the Second International Workshop of Malacology and Marine Biology , Vila Franca do Campo, São Miguel, Azores, July 21 - August 3, 1991.
Journal of the Marine Biological Association of the United Kingdom
Seagrass meadows : community ecology and habitat dynamics
Aspects of marine zoology
Plymouth marine fauna : being notes of the local distribution of species occurring in the neighbourhood
Whales and dolphins
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 3 : Open ocean
Hydrobiological variability in the ICES area, 1980-1989 : a symposium held in Mariehamn, 5-7 June 1991
The Wake
Realms of the sea
Publications from the Akkeshi Marine Biological Station
The effects of fishing on marine ecosystems and communities
The Jacques Cousteau : The movie box. 2, World Without the Sun : Elävä meri
Blue mussel beds as biodiversity hotspots on the rocky shores of the northern Baltic Sea
Marine ecology
Proceedings of the 10th International Congress & Workshop of the Tropical Marine Mollusc Programme (TMMP) : 20-30 October 1999 in Hanoi & Halong Bay. Part 2
Current research and problems in marine biology and future visions
Oceanography and marine biology : an introduction to marine science
Dynamics of marine ecosystems : biological-physical interactions in the oceans
Osmoregulation and growth in Atlantic salmon smolts during the early seawater phase
The biology of marine animals
The blue planet : A natural history of the oceans. 4 : Frozen seas
Larviculture ecology : interactions between zooplankton and Atlantic halibut larvae (Hippoglossus hippoglossus L.)
English translations of selected publications on cephalopods by Kir N. Nesis. Vol. 1, Selected translated publications, 1965-1994
A science on the scales : the rise of Canadian Atlantic fisheries biology, 1898-1939
Plankton and productivity in the oceans
Seagrass research methods
Population processes and energy relations of the Iceland scallop, Chlamys islandica, from Balsfjord, northern Norway
Belgian Scientific Research Programme on the Antarctic : phase IV: 1997-2000 : synopsis
Report of the Expert Consultation on Interactions between Sea Turtles and Fisheries within an Ecosystem Context, Rome, 9-12 March 2004.
Stock assessment of marine mammals : with special reference on the northwestern Atlantic harp seal population
