http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p168 fraud
fraud
The collaborator
Identity theft is the fastest-growing crime in the UK. You don't just lose your possessions, you lose yourself. When Georgie Hamilton, a respectable mother of two, is a victim of stolen identity, her entire world is shattered. But twenty-two years earlier, Georgie stole someone else's life ... has the past returned to haunt her?
The scam
This is the first novel by the author of "Immortality", which won "The Independent" Award for Foreign Fiction in 1991. Milan Kundera is also the author of "The Book of Laughter and Fogetting".
The red road
Above the waterfall
Dear thief
The price of darkness
Betrayal and betrayers : the sociology of treachery
The art of the steal
The new Mrs Clifton
Undercover
A Christmas garland
A storm of swords. Part 2 : Blood and gold
Die Bekämpfung des Subventionsbetrugs im EG-Bereich = Combatting subsidy fraud in the EC area
The effect of prey resources on evolutionary and ecological dynamics of prey (Serratia marcescens) and predator (Tetrahymena thermophila)
The ground is burning
For years, respected New York law firm Harland & Sinton has been running a fraud of gargantuan proportion. The FBI are on to them, but they need witnesses to secure their case. When a major client of the firm, David Child, is arrested for murder, the FBI ask con-artist-turned-lawyer Eddie Flynn to secure Child as his client and force him to testify against the firm in exchange for a lesser sentence. Eddie's not a man to be forced into representing a guilty client, but the FBI have incriminating files on Eddie's wife, Christine, and if Eddie won't play ball, she'll pay the price. Eddie agrees, but when he meets David Child he knows this is going to be harder than it sounds. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, Eddie is convinced that Child didn't kill his girlfriend and he refuses to send an innocent man to prison. With the FBI putting pressure on him to secure the plea and the formidable Gerry Sinton breathing down his neck, Eddie must find a way to prove Child's innocence while keeping his wife out of danger - not just from the FBI, but from the firm itself. But it's not long before Eddie realises he's part of a dangerous game, with each player willing to kill to get what they want.
The philosophy of deception
The plea
Wolf brother
Connecting flights : short stories
Fraud : organization, motivation and control. Vol. 1, The extent and causes of white-collar crime
Mortality and survival of semi-domesticated reindeer (Rangifer tarandus tarandus L.) calves in northern Finland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Victory conditions
The confession of Katherine Howard
Command decision
Genetic structure of the brown bears (Ursus arctos) in Northern Europe
Wolverine habitat selection, diet and conservation genetics
Marriage and other games
Leaving Berlin : a novel
The prisoner of Zenda
Vanish : a firelight novel
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (<em>Canis lupus</em>) in human-altered environment in Finland
The betrayers
Most wanted
Hunter's heart
The complete Lyonesse
The mirror empire
Security for hotels, motels and restaurants
Handed a message by a mysterious man, a young pawn shop owner embarks on a psychologically dangerous mystery that entangles her in the life of the local PTA treasurer, who helplessly watches her son's growing obsession with his absent father.
Little red riding Hood
Nutshell
The swimming pool
The singing mermaid
A game of thrones
The undertaker's widow
The Count of Monte Cristo
This is not a game
Practical hotel-motel cost reduction handbook
The queen's man
Son of no one
An outcast of the islands
Benson's cuckoos
Someone else's child
The spoils of conquest
A study of bills of lading fraud
Fraud exposed : what you don't know could cost your company millions
Burned : a fever novel
Shooting angels
Rises the night : the Gardella vampire chronicles
The spin
The roots of betrayal
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
White-collar crime in modern England : financial fraud and business morality, 1845-1929
Home care fraud and abuse : critical questions, essential answers
Dancing face
Carte blanche : a James Bond novel
Author's editing - some tips from Finland
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
The people in the trees
Approaches to resolving the international documentary letters of credit fraud issue
The testament
Slow bullets
The neon demon
The missing marriage
Hoaxes! : dupes, dodges & other dastardly deceptions
Paddington cleans up
Evaluation of the finnish national policy on large carnivores
The catastrophic history of you and me
OLAF at the crossroads : action against EU fraud
Traditional sheep keeping on Estonian and Finnish coast and islands
Welcome to Night Vale
A dance with dragons
Clockwork prince
A woman loved
The shadow year
The proposal
Best served cold
Schroder : a novel
The rival queens : Catherine de' Medici, her daughter Marguerite de Valois, and the betrayal that ignited a kingdom
Six years
The devil's diadem
Game of thrones : The board game
The hit
Americanah
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
Little Warrior
Biological interactions in the boreal ecosystem under climate change : are the vole and predator cycles disappearing?
Sweet tooth
Engaging the enemy
Spy the lie : former CIA officers teach you how to detect deception
The kite runner
Exposure : from president to whistleblower at Olympus
The victim
Fraud detection in the banking sector : a multi-agent approach
Birds of prey and grouse in Finland : do avian predators limit or regulate their prey numbers?
The Gatecrasher
Dear life : stories
Scientific fraud and the editor
Asking for it
Tackling insurance fraud : law and practice
Dead to me
The control of commercial fraud
The Wyvern's Spur
Fifteen years after the last devastating Insect attack, the immortal Circle is finally ready to launch an offensive against their implacable enemies. This time they have a new weapon - gunpowder. Hopes are high. But the Circle's plans are threatened when the vital barrels of gunpowder go missing. Jant, the Circle's winged messenger, is tasked to investigate. Soon it becomes clear that the theft is part of a deadly conspiracy and Jant and his friends are among the targets. As tensions rise, Jant races to foil the conspirators. Can he expose them in time - or will the crisis blow the Fourlands apart?
The Wild Zone
A bloody field by Shrewsbury
Strings attached
Manipulating Individual Decisions and Environmental Conditions Reveal Individual Quality in Decision-Making and Non-Lethal Costs of Predation Risk
The unwitting
The lord of opium
The traitor's emblem
The Boleyn deceit : a novel
Fraud : organization, motivation and control. Vol. 2, The social, administrative and criminal control of Fraud
Complex legal regulation v. advanced professional criminality in the European Union : a European problem
Firefly lane
Factors influencing auditors' self-perceived ability to assess fraud risk
Fraud Risk Assessment Plan for Barclays Bank of Kenya
The birds and the bees
Horns
The book lovers' appreciation society
Bank guarantees in international trade : the law and practice of independent (first demand) guarantees and standby letters of credit in civil law and common law jurisdictions
Watch me go
Love and lies : and why you can't have one without the other
Prince of tricks
American dervish
Space use and habitat selection of the wolf (Canis lupus) in human-altered environment in Finland
Investigating potential fraud - practical steps
Scientific deception : an overview and guide to the literature of misconduct and fraud in scientific research
When the rogue returns
Lies!, lies!!, lies!!! : the psychology of deceit
Deceit and self-deception : fooling yourself the better to fool others
Mistakes were made (but not by me) : why we justify foolish beliefs, bad decisions, and hurtful acts
City of bones
Above the waterfall : a novel
Turn coat
Eagles at war
The melody lingers on : a novel
Forge of darkness
Transdisciplinary wildlife management : the XVI Nordic Congress of Wildlife Research, Arctic Centre, Rovaniemi, Finland, May 31-June 3, 2016 : Abstracts
The lie
As the Second World War draws to a close, Gus Clifton, feared lost in Germany, surprises his sisters at their family home. But an even greater shock is Krista - the German wife whom he has married secretly in Berlin. Gus's sisters can only see the enemy their brother has brought under their roof. And their friend Nella, Gus's beautiful, loyal fiancee, cannot understand what made Gus change his mind about their marriage. What hold does Krista have over their honourable and upright Gus? And how can the three women get her out of their home, their future, their England?
The magic thief
"Brilliant scholar Genevieve Barrett's secret identity as the author of her father's articles is her greatest deception-until her father's handsome new student arrives on their doorstep. Genevieve recognizes him as the masked intruder who earlier tried to steal a priceless gem from their home. Keeping the seductive stranger's identity hidden is a risk, but she's got secrets of her own to keep. Sir Richard Harmsworth fakes a rakish facade to show society that he doesn't care about his bastard status. Yet haunted by his unknown father's identity, Richard believes the Harmsworth Jewel will prove he's the rightful heir. Intent on seducing the stone away from its owner, Richard finds himself face-to-face with a beauty more breathtaking than any jewel. But even as she steals Richard's heart, Genevieve will be in greater danger than her coveted treasure." --Publisher description.
In 19th century Brighton, England spirit mediums are all the fashion--especially Miss Eustace, a psychic who claims to produce apparitions of the dead, and oleaginous Mr. Bradley, a self-proclaimed spirit healer. Diminutive Mina Scarletti, a writer of horror stories, is sure that her widowed mother and friends are in the hands of cheats and extortionists, so she enlists the help of Daniel Hamid, an Anglo-Indian doctor, her charming but disreputable brother, Richard, and Richard's mistress, Nellie, to expose the frauds. But the scheming criminals have spread their nets wide, and dramatic sâeances easily convince and captivate the vulnerable, including Daniel's disabled sister Eliza. When Mina's determined campaign backfires, she only succeeds in adding to Miss Eustace's fame. With chaos reigning in the Scarletti house, Mina and Richard must turn to desperate methods to outwit the illusionists and reveal the truth.
Fraud on the patent office : a violation of competition law?
The age of reinvention
Mr Scarletti's ghost
Baja : heroes, villains, and everyone in between
Crisis four
Gatecrasher
