http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16872 ethical investing
ethical investing
Managing values and beliefs in organisations
The performance of ethical investment in the Nordic markets : is it profitable to invest with ethical criteria - and how ethical it actually is?
Do the right things! : a practical guide to ethical living
The ethics of investing : making money or making a difference?
Two sides of the coin : mapping responsible investment definition versus the definition by pension funds
State of the world 2008 : innovations for a sustainable economy : a Worldwatch Institute report on progress toward a sustainable society
Abstract: Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
The performance and rationale of European ethical funds : an ethical perspective
"Real-world guidance for investment professionals on delivering attractive risk-adjusted and opportunity-directed returns across asset classes and regionsFilled with interviews with leading practitioners, this book weaves a narrated web around best sustainable investment practices, guiding readers specifically on investing their assets and with specific sustainability trends in mind, such as increasing constraints on global resources. Offers a clear road map to success by some of the most respected names in the field Includes interviews with leading practitioners Clearly explains how to get sustainable investing done Sustainable Investment is a practitioner's book specifically laying out how this investment philosophy is being practiced. It explicitly considers future social and environmental trends in financial decision making, to provide the best risk-adjusted and opportunity-directed returns for investors"--
Ethical aspects in active ownership
The SRI advantage : why socially responsible investing has outperformed financially
Portfolio for the planet : lessons from 10 years of impact investing
Understanding business ethics
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Practicalities bottleneck to pension fund responsible investment?
Socially Responsible Investing : Consumer Perspectives on Values and Investment Decision Making
Consumer decision making in a complex environment : examining the decision making process of socially responsible mutual fund investors
Socially responsible investment and a possible launch of a climate awareness bond at Nordic Investment Bank
Sustainable investing for institutional investors : risks, regulations and strategies
A comprehensive guide to socially responsible investing (SRI) With concerns about climate change increasing among investors, many are looking for opportunities that offer positive social as well as monetary returns. Sustainable Investing for Institutional Investors: Risk, Regulation and Strategies explores the key issues related to Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) for institutional investors and trustees, including investment strategies, risk and returns, market data, regulatory frameworks, and more. Looking at all investment classes, including bonds, equities, real estate, commodities, and many others, the book provides an in-depth view of SRI-relevant asset classes to help you decide which is best for you. To better contextualize SRI opportunities and challenges, the book presents 20 case studies involving institutional investors that are currently following a sustainable investment strategy and how they have approached SRI.
A Critical Review of Relations between Corporate Responsibility Research and Practice
Compelling returns : a practical guide to socially responsible investing
Business management & environmental stewardship
Megatrends 2010 : the rise of conscious capitalism
Socially Responsible Investing in ”High-Net-Worth” Asset Management Firms in Canada: An Exploratory Study
Evolutions in sustainable investment : strategies, funds and thought leadership
