http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16840 love letters
love letters
The art of hearing heartbeats : a novel
P.S. I Love You
Love letters : an anthology from the British Isles 975-1944
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
The invisible bridge
Love letters of great men and women
The lost love letters of Heloise and Abelard : perceptions of dialogue in twelfth-century France
Love without pretense : Romans 12.9-21 and Hellenistic-Jewish wisdom literature
The Jane Austen collection
Luther on faith and love : Christ and the law in the _535 Ga_atians commentary
The lost soldier
From A to X : a story in letters
Marcus Aurelius in love
The Professor
The love letter
Literary love affair : [an anthology of poems, letters and extracts from classic novels]
Dear Scott, Dearest Zelda : the love letters of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald
Every so often a love story comes along to remind us that sometimes, in our darkest hour, hope shines a candle to light our way... Tina Craig longs to escape her violent husband. She works all the hours God sends to save up enough money to leave him, also volunteering in a charity shop to avoid her unhappy home. Whilst going through the pockets of a second-hand suit, she comes across an old letter, the envelope firmly sealed and unfranked. Tina opens the letter and reads it - a decision that will alter the course of her life for ever...Billy Stirling knows he has been a fool, but hopes he can put things right. On 4th September 1939 he sits down to write the letter he hopes will change his future. It does - in more ways than he can ever imagine...The Letter tells the story of two women, born decades apart, whose paths are destined to cross and how one woman's devastation leads to the other's salvation.
Four letter word : new love letters
PS, I love you
Chase Insteadman, a handsome, inoffensive fixture on Manhattan's social scene, lives off residuals earned as a child star. Capitalizing on the rapturous and heartbreaking love letters he receives from his teenage sweetheart and fiancee, he lives a life of cloistered ease, that is until a pop critic with a conspiratorial countercultural savvy and a voracious paranoia force him to confront the answers to several mysteries tightly intertwined within the tragic fabric of the city itself.
Love letters of great men
The carousel of desire
The unlikely pilgrimage of harold fry
P.S. I love you
Etta and Otto and Russell and James
World without end
Love itself : in the letter box
The Lake of Dreams
Love letters of great women
Chronic city : a novel
The passion of Mademoiselle S. : letters to a lover
The unlikely pilgrimage of Harold Fry
Letters of love : Franz Rosenzweig's spiritual biography and oeuvre in light of the Gritli letters
Every seventh wave
Olav Christopher Jenssen : estimation : love letter headings for Brontë sisters / [text: Gertrud Sandqvist]
Fool for love
Priority : a correspondence published by Jean-Luc Foreur
We need to talk about Kevin : a novel
We need to talk about Kevin
Ghost heart
I am China
Letters on sympathy (1798) : a critical edition
Vita brevis : a letter to St Augustine
The collected works of A. J. Fikry
Invitations to love : literacy, love letters, and social change in Nepal
Please enjoy your happiness
The last letter from your lover
The secret of Chimneys
The love letters of Henry VIII
Don't go where I can't follow
Four to score : a Stephanie Plum novel
Jane Austen ruined my life
Possession : a romance
The professor
The Carousel of Desire is a sexual and romantic saga told with a master storyteller's feel for character and plot and a philosopher's abiding preoccupation with what makes life truly worthwhile. With tenderness and infectious delight, Schmitt tells an exuberant tale about class and community and about the vastness of human experience. Schmitt's love of coincidence and serendipity is surpassed only by his affection for his flawed, all-too-human characters: Zachary Bidermann, the powerful European Union commissioner; Faustina, the fashionable book publicist; François-Maxime de Couvigne, the happily married banker with more than a few secrets; Marcelle, enamored with a handsome illegal immigrant; Miss Beauvert, who makes love with her parrot, Copernicus. These and many more unforgettable characters animate this story of simmering desire and the antics of the mischievous and playful god, Eros. Schmitt's inclusive, affirming vision of human sexuality is refreshingly free of moral judgement, yet enriched by an understanding of the complex ethics of human relationships and the redemptive power of love.
The letter
Fever at dawn
