http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16928 galvanotechnics
galvanotechnics
The influence of SiC oxidation on electrochemical codeposition of SiC particles with nickel
Abstract.
Handbook of hot-dip galvanization
The book systematically covers all steps of the hot-dip galvanization process. The reader finds the basics such as corrosion and zinc film formation as well as the most important aspects of process technology and technical equipment, alongside with contributions on workpiece requirements for optimal galvanization results and on methods for applying additional protective coatings to the galvanized pieces. Separate chapters deal with the important topics of safety at work, environment protection, profitability considerations and quality management.
Trendy architecture with galvanized steel
Zinc handbook : properties, processing, and use in design
Electroplating is the coating of an electrically conductive object with a layer of metal using electrical current resulting in a thin, smooth, even coat of metal on the object. This text covers the methods and applications of electrochemical deposition of metals, alloys, semiconductors, and conductive polymers. It provides practical advice and some theoretical background to those entering the field of electrodeposition. Like previous editions, the fifth edition will be the first stop reference for the electroplating community. This fully updated edition includes significant advances in the field, from emerging electrodeposition techniques to electroplating in medical and data storage industries.
Praktikum Goldschmieden  : Aktuelles Fachwissen in anschaulichen Bilderfolgen und informartiven Texten = Practical goldsmith : the latest techniques presented in a series of clear illustrations and informative texts. 4, Montieren - Verbindungen, Galvanik = Mounting - joints, electroplating
Modern electroplating
Service life of hot-dip galvanised reinforcement bars in carbonated and chloride-contaminated concrete
Galvanomagnetic properties of thin films of copper doped perovskite
Alternative surface treatment for yellow chromate
Fundamentals of electrochemical deposition
Fundamentals of electrochemical eeposition
Electrotyping
Gilded metals : history, technology and conservation
DEA : an aid for identification of BAT in the inorganic surface treatment industry
Enzyme electrode configurations : for application in biofuel cells
Electroplating engineering handbook
Studies on hot-dip zinc-aluminium coated sheet steels
The Colouring, Bronzing and Patination of Metals : a manual for the fine metalworker and sculptor
