http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16987 Russo-Japanese War
Russo-Japanese War
The history of imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
Russian military intelligence in the war with Japan, 1904-05 : secret operations on land and at sea
The 6. Deaf History International Conference took place in Berlin from July 31 to August 4, 2006. It focused on how the European tragedy impacted Deaf People during the Second World War and particulary on the overarching theme of "Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present." The event was organized by the staff of the 6. Deaf History International (DHI) consisting mostly of members of the Interessensgemeinschaft Gehörloser jüdischer Abstammung in Deutschland (IGJAD, Association of the Deaf of Jewish Ancestry in Germany), in cooperation with the department of sign language education at Humboldt University, Berlin. These proceedings contain the most important findings from the Conference, written from a global perspective and illustrated with photos, with the aim of elucidating the history of the Deaf and associated complications, and how it was affected by contemporary events. The authors are researchers and experts in their respective fields. Several Deaf Jewish survivors, participants in Conference Panels, gave first-hand accounts of their World War II and Holocaust experiences. A selection of visual material from the exhibition is reproduced here as well. This publication is intended for all those interested in this long-neglected subject, and especially Deaf historians, Holocaust researchers, sociologists, geneticists, as well as educators and sign language researchers, in Germany and elsewhere. It offers a diverse range of interdisciplinary and interrelated insights.
Finland and Europe : international crises in the period of autonomy 1808-1914
Japanese-Soviet/Russian relations since 1945 : difficult peace
The rise and fall of the great powers : economic change and military conflict from 1500 to 2000
The Russo-Japanese war 1904-1905
The history of Imperial Japan's seizure of Dokdo
Rakka ryūsui : colonel Akashi's report on his secret cooperation with the Russian revolutionary parties during the Russo-Japanese war
Rethinking the Russo-Japanese war, 1904-05
The fleet that had to die
Japan and Russia : three centuries of mutual images
Overcoming the past, determining its consequences and finding solutions for the present. A contribution for deaf studies and sign language education : Proceedings of the 6th Deaf History International Conference July 31 - August 04, 2006 at the Humbold University, Berlin
Rising sun and tumbling bear : Russia's war with Japan
The Russo-Japanese war in global perspective : World War Zero. Vol. 2
Rethinking the Russo-Japanese war, 1904-05.. 2, The Nichinan papers
The return of history and the end of dreams
The diplomacy of the Russo-Japanese War
The Japanese General Staff and the issue of concerted anti-government action in the Russian Empire, 1904-5
The battle of Tsu-shima between the Japanese and Russian fleets, fought on 27th may 1905
Japan's fight for freedom : the story of the war between Russia and Japan
After defeat : how the East learned to live with the West
Clouds above the hill : a historical novel of the Russo-Japanese War, volume I
"Japan continues to provoke conflict by laying claim to Dokdo, ignoring the fact that historically and legally the island is an integral part of the Korean territory. History clearly shows that the Japanese imperialists illegally seized Dokdo for strategic and military purposes during the Japanese-Russo War (1904-1905). But Japanese politicians today tend to ignore the historical reality and teach the young generation faulty, misleading knowledge..." - from the preface.
Collaboration between Japanese intelligence and the Finnish underground during the Russo-Japanese war
Toward the rising sun : Russian ideologies of empire and the path to war with Japan
Sir Alistair Horne has been a close observer of war and history for more than fifty years. In this wise and masterly work, he revisits six battles that changed the course of the twentieth century to reveal the one trait that links them all: hubris. In Greek tragedy, hubris is excessive human pride that challenges the gods and ultimately leads to the total destruction of the offender. From the Battle of Tsushima in the Russo-Japanese War of 1905, to Hitler's 1941 bid to capture Moscow, to MacArthur's disastrous advance in Korea, to the French surrender at Dien Bien Phu, Horne shows how each of these battles was won or lost due to excessive hubris on one side or the other. In a sweeping narrative written with his trademark erudition and wit, Horne provides a meticulously detailed analysis of the ground maneuvers employed by the opposing armies in each battle, and examines the strategies, leadership, preparation, and geopolitical goals of aggressors and defenders to show how devastating combinations of human ambition and arrogance led to overreach. Making clear the danger of hubris in warfare, his insights hold resonant lessons for civilian and military leaders navigating today's complex global landscape. This dramatic, stylishly written history is a much-needed reflection on war from a master of his field.
Asia, America, and the transformation of geopolitics
"Not being of the West; being behind the West; not being modern enough; not being developed or industrialized, secular, civilized, Christian, transparent, or democratic - these descriptions have all served to stigmatize certain states through history. Drawing on constructivism as well as the insights of social theorists and philosophers, After Defeat demonstrates that stigmatization in international relations can lead to a sense of national shame, as well as auto-Orientalism and inferior status. Ayşe Zarakol argues that stigmatized states become extra-sensitive to concerns about status, and shape their foreign policy accordingly. The theoretical argument is supported by a detailed historical overview of central examples of the established/outsider dichotomy throughout the evolution of the modern states system, and in-depth studies of Turkey after the First World War, Japan after the Second World War, and Russia after the Cold War."
All the tsar's men : Russia's General Staff and the fate of the empire, 1898-1914
Anarchist modernity : cooperatism and Japanese-Russian intellectual relations in modern Japan
Japanilaisia puupiirroksia Venäjän-Japanin sodasta 1904-1905 = Japanska träsnitt från rysk-japanska krigets tid 1904-1905 = Japanese woodblock prints from the Russo-Japanese war 1904-1905
The Japanese oligarchy and the Russo-Japanese war
Understandings of Russian foreign policy
The wars for Asia, 1911-1949
From Libau to Tsushima : a narrative of the voyage of admiral Rojdestvensky's fleet to eastern seas, including a detailed account of the Dogger Bank incident
Clouds above the hill : a historical novel of the Russo-Japanese War, volume II
The last century of sea power
The war in the Far East, 1904-1905
The Russo-Japanese war in global perspective : World War Zero
Northern territories, Asia-Pacific regional conflicts and the Åland experience : untying the Kurillian knot
The East and the idea of Europe
The secret war : spies, codes and guerrillas 1939-45
The Russian navy in the Russo-Japanese war
The war between Russia and Japan
The Russo-Japanese war in cultural perspective, 1904-05
The origins of the Russo-Japanese war
Britain and the last tsar : British policy and Russia 1894-1917
Russko-âponskaâ vojna, 1904-1905 = The Russo-Japanese war
Twenty-first century military helicopters : today's fighting gunships
"The Wars for Asia, 1911-1949 shows that the Western treatment of World War II, the Second Sino-Japanese War, and the Chinese Civil War as separate events misrepresents their overlapping connections and causes. The long Chinese Civil War precipitated a long regional war between China and Japan that went global in 1941 when the Chinese found themselves fighting a civil war within a regional war within an overarching global war. The global war that consumed Western attentions resulted from Japan's peripheral strategy to cut foreign aid to China by attacking Pearl Harbor and Western interests throughout the Pacific on December 7-8, 1941. S. C. M. Paine emphasizes the fears and ambitions of Japan, China, and Russia, and the pivotal decisions that set them on a collision course in the 1920s and 1930s. The resulting wars - the Chinese Civil War (1911-1949), the Second Sino-Japanese War (1931-1945), and World War II (1939-1945) - together yielded a viscerally anti-Japanese and unified Communist China, the still-angry rising power of the early twenty-first century. While these events are history in the West, they live on in Japan and especially China"--
Hubris : the tragedy of war in the twentieth century
The Tsar's last armada : the epic journey to the Battle of Tsushima
