http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16975 control systems
control systems
CISSP for dummies
Business database systems
Collaborative Document Management Systems
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Application of BIM at the case of panel buildings' rehabilation
Abstract.
Case study on development process of workflow and personnel management application
Database design : know it all
Management system standards : comparison between IAEA GS-R-3 and ASME NQA-1-2008 and NQA-1a-2009 addenda
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
The aim of this thesis work was to collect information about various version control systems and choose the best alternative to take in use for the commissioner. There was an urgent need for a version control system to be taken in use within the web development team, because of the growth in the number of web sites and the expansion of the web development team to another office in another country. This study was carried out as research from different sources and development teams on how other web development teams and projects have implemented version control systems in their workflow. The data was gathered by observing how some of the open source applications in the use of the web development team in question and other web development teams are using version control systems as managing source code and development. The results suggest that there is no standardized manner of using version control systems or source code management within web development projects and teams, and that there are several obstacles because most web applications are database driven and not standalone applications, where version control systems are more commonly used and developed for. As a result, Subversion was chosen to be the version control system for the web development team, because of the ease of use and some earlier experience by some members of the web development team. However, this choice was not an easy one to make and there are still many issues that need to be addressed with care. These will be complicated, as most applications are database driven, which results in having to do plenty of manual work in addition to using version control system for source code management.
Some methods to improve life cycle manageability of low-volume mobile processing platforms
Reviewing the European excellence model from management control view
Requirements for successful development of customer relationship management (CRM) - case Tamro Finland
Management information systems
DNSSEC key management and exchange
Safety, health and productivity of cold work : a management model, implementation and effects
Risk analysis and security countermeasure selection
Impact of a proper contact management system to an organisation
Database processing : fundamentals, design & implementation
Autotuning of PID controllers : a relay feedback approach
Security 2020 : Reduce security risks this decade
Multimedia database management systems
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
Informationsteknik - Säkerhetstekniker - Ledningssystem för informationssäkerhet - Krav ( ISO/IEC 27001:2005, IDT) = Information technology - Security techniques- information security management systems - Requirements (ISO/IEC 27001:2005, IDT)
Automotive control systems
The Effects of the New Credit Management Process and OnGuard Software on the Case Company South Europe
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Development of project management and financial management solutions
BIM-based energy modelling using 3D software tools within early stages of designing process
Six Sigma for dummies
The  significance of common data environment in building information modelling
Optimisation based black-box testing of assertions in Simulink models
Utilization of quality management systems in Finnish medical laboratories
Improving customer feeback process with process management and lean tools : case: Oy Kaha Ab
Tin Phong Sales Management System
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Establishment of a health and safety management system according to the OHSAS 18001 standard
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
Escaping path dependence : essays on foresight and environmental management
Integrated fault fetection system for a board machine
Windows 8 simplified
An approach for gross design of operations management systems
A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Phase voltage control and filtering in a converter-fed single-phase customer-end system of the LVDC distribution network
Chain 2000 : The implementation of a new supply chain management system for UPM-Kymmene
QFD application in the hospitality industry : a hotel case study
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Open systems and standards for software product development
Object data management : object-oriented and extended relational database systems
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
SAP query reporting tools
Implementation of a registry management component for mobile sampling service
Knowledge extraction for optimizing monitorability and controllability on a production line
Customer feedback channel implementation in PDM system
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
SOA governance : governing shared services on-premise and in the cloud
Contributions to advance product data management systems (PDMs) : towards flexible graphical user interface and semantic oriented search for Web based PDMs
Lean Six Sigma for service : how to use Lean Speed and Six Sigma Quality to improve services and transactions
DEVELOPING A MOBILE SITE USING KOODIVIIDAKKO CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM TOOL – SIVUVIIDAKKO
Architecture principles : the cornerstones of enterprise architecture
Product lifecycle management
The purpose of this work was to help seeing the market situation of current marine SCR markets and gather valuable information from present marine SCR end-customers. Also the basics of both SCR technology and the marine legislation regarding harmful NOx emissions were studied in general level to better understand the current situation of rapidly changing and growing markets and industry. The information regarding the market situation was gathered from public company internet sites. The customers' demands were examined by sending questionnaires via e-mail to several marine end-customers. The Analysis of the results was based on a scoring system enclosed in the appendices. Based on this study the current SCR markets are having only few major operators which have managed to deliver remarkable amount of marine SCR systems. The others are probably in promoting or developing phase and still aiming to achieve better status within the business sector. Based on the questionnaires to the end-customers the reliability of the system was the most important feature. Second important was the purchasing and maintenance costs following small size of system and easy operation.
Information architecture for information professionals
Introduction to control system technology
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvariskien hallinta = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management
eGOOD operational enviroment as a tool for innovative data management within business networks
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Improving Quality in Evolving Software Development Team Practices
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
This book explains the requirements for compliance with FDA regulations and ISO standards (ISO 9001 and ISO 13485) for documented information controls, and presents a methodology for compliance. Sample documents are included in the appendixes of this book to help clarify explanations, and a full set of formatted procedures and document templates are available for download to get you off to an even faster start. This book provides a process-based approach that can be used for controlling all forms of documented information that are required to be managed under the quality management system.
Savunhallintajärjestelmät = Smoke and heat control systems
Informaatioteknologia : turvallisuus, tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät. Vaatimukset = Information technology : security techniques, information security management systems. Requirements
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Elecric vehicle conversion : battery, recharging and energy system for a Toyota Yaris
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintaa koskeva menettelyohje = Information technology. Security techniques. Code of practice for information security management
Enhancing Project Management with Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Quality management and business excellence, customers and stakeholders : do we agree on what we are talking about, and does it matter?
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
A Research for Finding a Potential Point of Sale System Vendor for Peroba Ltd.
Impact analysis of building information modeling on the cost accuracy during the preliminary development stage
Product data management mapping in engineering office : case: Citec Engineering Oy
Employee commitment to CRM implementation : Case: Wärtsilä Ship Power
Project management for information system development
PLM-ERP integration
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
Evaluation of building information modelling for sustainable and low-cost housing in Nigeria : a case sudy of Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
Criteria for the evaluation of requirements management tools supporting distributed software product line engineering and management
Microsoft sharepoint server 2010 bible
Towards a human-oriented metrology for improvement and change
Managing a project : Scancomings Tourplan project
Interfacing Building Information Modeling with Enterprise Resource Planning in construction management
The application of dynamic virtual prototyping to the development of control systems
Conceptual design of an authorization information database
Interoperable database systems (DS-5) : proceedings of the IFIP WG2.6 Database Semantics Conference on Interoperable Database Systems (DS-5), Lorne, Victoria, Australia, 16-20 November, 1992
Measuring the implementation of a CRM for salespeople : a case study in a sales organization
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Development of a measuring-control system for energy monitoring in low power
Abstract: A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems.
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallinta. Mittaaminen = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management. Measurement
Windows 7 bible
Strategy, control and competitive advantage : case study evidence
Lectio praecursoria : the interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
Formal development of software for tolerating transient faults
Information and data modelling
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
Preliminary study for a new terminal management and container load planning system in Finnsteve Helsinki Vuosaari terminal
Get students straight to the point of database processing. Database Processing reflects a new teaching method that gets students straight to the point with its thorough and modern presentation of database processing fundamentals. The thirteenth edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the latest software.
Formal development of mechanisms for tolerating transient faults
End of life components management tool and follow-up system
Principles of distributed database systems
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Near Field Communication Tag Management System: TagMan case study
Development of a protocol for data exchange between a GPS and a control system
Control oil system study on W32VCR1+
How to establish a document control system for compliance with ISO 9001:2015, ISO 13485:2016, and FDA requirements : a comprehensive guide to designing a process-based document control system
A pattern language for distributed machine control systems
Visual database systems, II : proceedings of the IFIP TC2/WG2.6 Second Working Conference on Visual Database Systems, Budapest, Hungary, 30 September-3 October, 1991
Abstract: Collaborative document management systems. The volume of the electronic documents that the company nowadays has to manage is high. Therefore the systematic document management has a significant role in company's working process. The Internet has enabled that the software can be acquired as a service that operates in a cloud environment. In that case the company has the use of the software and pays only for the use. This study gathered the requirements for the cloud based documentation management system. The purpose of the study was to document both functional and business requirements for the document management system and present some existing cloud based document management systems and their features. The technical documentation of the customer company's current document management system was studied and project participants were interviewed. The initial assumption for the project was to find out, if the cloud based document management system could replace the existing system. As a result of the study the features of the customer company's current documentation management system were listed. These features among other things are storing the documents into the database, configuring the metadata and its structure, handling the documents' versions, versatile search functions, documents encryption, previewing of the documents, commenting, and the mass transfer of the documents. The business requirements for the system are that it is scalable and it supports work sharing between project participants. Also the setup and the usage of the system must be efficient. The costs for the document management system can be estimated with the information of user volumes, disk quota, and the data traffic. When comparing the features of the existing cloud based systems, it was found out that none of the systems did meet all of the requirements. The study works as a basis for the migration to the new cloud based document management system.
A utility driven session manager for a Java based web application server
Sustainability principles in conjunction with BIM, applied on the optimization of an existing building
Building a foundation for smart energy management system
Tree matching problems with applications to structured text databases
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
OpenCart 1.4 beginner's guide : build and manage professional online shopping stores easily using OpenCart
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
ISO 9000 as a tool for TQM : a spanish case study
Towards automated building energy performance simulation for BIM based renovation projects
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Abstract: The purpose of the thesis was to identify if there are less known factors affecting employees' willingness to adopt a new IM tool, in this case CRM. It is obvious the tool itself can always be improved but it may not explain all the reluctance usually involved in adoption of such IM implementations. This thesis researched the problem in a technology company Wärtsilä Corporation focusing on Ship Power business. It is quite common that the implementation of CRM fails, which is confirmed by numerous examples in CRM literature. CRM is a change management project and therefore both change management and internal marketing were investigated as a part of the research. First 5 in-depth interviews were conducted in Ship Power to be able to define which elements seem to discourage the adoption of CRM most. The interviews gave ideas how quantitative research questions could be phrased concerning technology, processes and leadership. E-questionnaire was sent to 76 respondents based on stratified sample. 46 responses were received. The results revealed that despite recognizing CRM a good tool in Wärtsilä Ship Power there are still some developments to be made on technology. Managers' commitment seems to be on a good level, but there are still some defects in the leadership, which should be tackled. It is evident that employee commitment is a significant factor for successful CRM implementation. Mere technology, however advanced it is, cannot guarantee the success. Consequently affective commitment to change of the employees is worth of pursuing.
Supporting the success of an information systems project : viewpoints on education and replacement of the project manager
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Process improvement of large scale renovation projects with BIM
Version control in web development : case: FutuVision Media Ltd
Object-oriented database systems : concepts and architectures
Risk management in ERP Projects : Case: Upgrading to Microsoft Dynamics NAV 2009
PostgreSQL database performance optimization
Object databases : the essentials
Advanced control of networked embedded systems for enabling reconfiguration of modular manufacturing systems
A logical design methodology for complex databases such as a manufacturing operations database
Beginning database design solutions
Computerized engine controls
Experiencing MIS
Exploring the use of lean thinking and six sigma in public housing authorities
ISO/IEC 27001 for small businesses : practical advice
Tuning light knock limits on SG engines
ARIS design platform : getting started with BPM
Product Structure Optimization for the Network Management System Software : Case Study
In this bachelor thesis, general topics of the battery technology used in the hybrid and the electric vehicles including the battery management system will be discussed. This thesis will go also through general ideas related to the charging system of the electric and the hybrid vehicles including thoughts about the charging infrastructure. As a result of this thesis there are ideas presented, which can be utilized at the same time when the actual conversion of the vehicle will be executed. In this project, the students made a plan how to convert a Toyota Yaris passenger car to an electric vehicle. This kind of a project is the first in our school and therefore all things faced are quite new for project members. I personally spent my last year abroad in Austria in Fachhochschule Joanneum. FH-Joanneum has a wide knowledge about the content of the hybrid and the electric vehicles. FH-Joanneum is a significant university of applied sciences in Europe and it has projects among others within the EU in the field of electric vehicles. Three students got their thesis topics from this project. The other topics which are done are "Initial measurements and sample calculations" by Sami Heikkinen and "Comparison of electric motors and comparison of different controlling systems" by Antti Juutila.  My part of the project was to select and dimension an appropriate battery system for the vehicle. Another target was to make an outline for the recharging and regenerative energy recovery systems for the vehicle. This thesis was carried out under supervision of Markku Ikonen of the home university and Hubert Berger of FH-Joanneum.
Finnish air defence command and control system : [operational and technical overview]
Evaluating marketing strategies : Case study: EnStep
General value conversion and aggregation operations : definition and integration with relational, entity-based and deductive data retrieval techniques
Development of BIM project management application
Risk management in information system development
The impact of construction crises on a project manager's decision making : a game theoretical approach
Managing sales & distribution in Mitashi's SAP ECC 6.0 system
Addressing ERP misfit with SOA-based solutions : an analysis within the TOE framework
Knowledge Management in ICT department : Case: Nokian Tyres plc
Requirements engineering fundamentals : a study guide for the Certified Professional for Requirements Engineering exam : foundation level, IREB compliant
Informaatioteknologia : turvallisuus : tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmät : vaatimukset : standardi = Information technology : security techniques : information security management systems : requirements
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintajärjestelmän toteuttamisohjeita = Information technology. Security techniques. Information security management system implementation guidance
Data preparation for data mining
Digitally enhanced contract management
Path to improved firm performance with Business Process Management (BPM) and BPM systems
The efficency of BIM utilization in detail engineering design
The haynes OBD-II & electronic engine management systems : manual
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
Adapting BIM-methodology  to PPP projects - from the private sector's point of view
In practice, requirements engineering tasks become more and more complex. In order to ensure a high level of knowledge and training, the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB) worked out the training concept Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA", which defines a requirements engineer's practical skills on different training levels. The book covers the different subjects of the curriculum for the Certified Professional for Requirements EngineeringA" (CPRE) defined by the International Requirements Engineering Board (IREB). It supports its readers in preparing for the test to achieve the Foundation LevelA" of the CPRE.
An implementation of a C library heap memory interface on a real-time operating system
Informaatioteknologia. Turvallisuus. Tietoturvallisuuden hallintakeinojen menettelyohjeet = Information technology. Security techniques. Code of practice for information security controls
Data collection analysis and management system
Benefits of building information modelling (BIM) for construction project management in Germany
Multi-model adaptive control: performance criteria and tuning parameters
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Database security
Johtamisjärjestelmän auditointiohjeet : standardi = Guidelines for auditing management systems
PostgreSQL : developer's handbook
Perceived usefulness of business intelligence system in decision making process
Intelligent multimedia databases : from object orientation and fuzzy engineering to intentional database structures
Web control system of mobile platform : part of the “Roboteh” project
Using Microsoft Access 2000
Electronic safety and soundness : securing finance in a new age
Adoption of Enterprise Resource planning system in an organization
Steps to improved firm performance with business process management : adding business value with business process management and its systems
Battery cell modeling for battery management system
Security for Microsoft Windows system administrators : introduction to key information security concepts
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
An investigation into factors for successful customer relationship management implementation : change, information technology and the human being
Database system implementation
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Multidatabase systems : an advanced solution for global information sharing
