http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16952 chronic pain
chronic pain
Management of acute and chronic neck pain : an evidence-based approach
"Pain and the Conscious Brain brings together more than 30 international leaders from multiple fields to link the complex concept of pain to the equally complex notion of consciousness. Offering a clear, cutting-edge understanding of the brain mechanisms that generate the conscious experience of pain, this book scientifically addresses the difficult and chronic pains that often have no known physical cause and can defy comprehension in terms of current pain theories. Numerous tables, full-color figures, and up-to-date references highlight expert coverage of today's gradual paradigm shift from peripheral receptors to the intricacy of the brain and the experience of the self. Beginning with a solid introduction to consciousness and pain, this unique volume covers neurobiological aspects of the pain experience during psycho-physiological changes of the conscious state, pain processing in psychiatric and neurological disorders affecting consciousness, specific clinical populations, and the future of pain and consciousness research. Key topics include cortical imaging of pain in humans, pain perception during sleep, pharmacologic approaches to pain and consciousness using functional neuroimaging, hypnosis, mindfulness and meditation, pain and consciousness in infants, recognizing pain in dementia, the role of vision in pain perception, robot pain, and more." --Provided by publisher.
Guide to healing chronic pain : a holistic approach
Practical pain management : professional and organisational perspectives
"Based on twenty years of clinical experience studying and treating chronic illness, a Harvard psychiatrist and anthropologist argues that interpreting the illness is an art tragically neglected by modern medical training, and presents a compelling case for bridging the gap between patient and practitioner." -- (Back Cover)
Teach us to sit still : a sceptic's search for health and healing
Bandolier's little book of pain
Elevated plasma vasopressin and normal cerebrospinal fluid angiotensin-converting enzyme in chronic pain disorder
The Melt method : a breakthrough self-treatment system to eliminate chronic pain, erase the signs of aging, and feel fantastic in just 10 minutes a day!
Neck and back pain : a practical guide to getting on with your life
Sleep, pain and wellbeing : 12th Physiatric Summer School : 18.08.-19.08.2011, Helsinki
Pain and the conscious brain
When pain remains : appraisals and adaptation
Naturally pain free : prevent and treat chronic and acute pains ... naturally
Abstract: Relaxation : part of pain relieving in chronic pain.
Fear of movement : epidemiological and clinical evaluation in the Finnish general population and chronic musculoskeletal pain patients and relevance for rehabilitation
Chronic pain, depressiveness and pain disability : the role of early maladaptive schemas among Finnish pain patients and a control sample
Whilst the body has recently assumed greater sociological significance, there has been less engagement in social work and social care on the bodily experience of health, illness and disease. This innovative volume redresses the balance by exploring chronic illness and social work, through the specific lens of autoimmunity, engaging in wider debates around vulnerability, resistance and the lived experience of ongoing ill-health. Moving beyond existing conceptualisations of vulnerability as an issue of mental distress, ageing, child protection and poverty, Price and Walker demonstrate the role that society has to play in actively engaging the physical body, rather than working around and through it. The book focuses on auto-immune conditions such as lupus, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis and scleroderma. Conditions like these allow for an exploration of the materiality of illness which exacerbates social and economic vulnerability and may precipitate personal and social crises, requiring a variety of interventions and support. The risks and challenges associated with chronic illness include disruptions to a sense of self and identity, altered relationships and the renegotiation of roles and responsibilities in a variety of relationships in addition to an economic impact, with the potential for disruption to employment status and financial insecurity. This text opens up a range of debates around some of the central concerns of the social work profession, including vulnerability, ill-health, and independence. It will be of interest to scholars and students of social work, nursing, disability studies, medicine and the social sciences.
Music listening as an intervention for chronic pain relief : a case study
Pain measurement and management in elderly patients : clinical studies in long term hospital care and after cardiac surgery
Neuropsychological assessment of work-related injuries
Abstract: Chronic pain as part of life : a client folder in the pain clinic of Kuopio University Hospital.
A world of hurt : a guide to classifying pain
Anxiety, Depression, and Anger in the Borderland of Chronic Pain
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Compact clinical guide to chronic pain management : an evidence-based approach for nurses
Chronic pain : the occupational therapist's perspective
"A manual for understanding and treating chronic pain associated with trigger points, the tender, painful nodules that form in muscles and connective tissues"--Provided by publisher.
The back pain revolution
Herpes simplex virus infection, pathological pain and recurrent lymphocytic meningitis
Pain : creative approaches to effective management
Treatment of chronic non-specific neck pain with emphasis on strength training
Cardiac surgery patients' prolonged pain and nursing documentation of pain
Influence of exercise training on daily physical activity and risk factors for type 2 diabetes
Understanding and treating fear of pain
Total recovery : solving the mystery of chronic pain and depression
The concise book of trigger points
The pain chronicles : cures, remedies, spells, prayers, myths, misconceptions, brain scans, and the science of suffering
Narrative, pain, and suffering
"In The Pain Chronicles, Melanie Thernstrom traces conceptions of pain throughout the ages—from ancient Babylonian pain-banishing spells to modern brain imaging—to reveal the elusive, mysterious nature of pain itself. Interweaving first-person reflections on her own battle with chronic pain, incisive reportage and medical research, and insights from a wide range of disciplines, Thernstrom shows that when dealing with pain we are neither as advanced as we imagine nor as helpless as we may fear." -- (Back Cover)
The essence of the experience of chronic pain : a phenomenological study
Brain imaging of chronic pain
Acupressure taping : the practice of acutaping for chronic pain and injuries
Her pain is constant. And the danger is real. Monica suffers from chronic neuropathic pain. Every second of her life is spent in agony, and she is coping with it the best she can. However, there are whole years of her life which are a blur to her. Then Monica finds a suicide note, in her handwriting, saying she is going to end it all. Did she write it? She has no memory of doing so and as she reads the message again, she begins to suspect that someone tried to kill her once - and now they're trying to do so again.
Acceptance and commitment therapy for chronic pain
Cognitive behavior therapy in nursing practise
Chronic pain : biomedical and spiritual approaches
Pain in the joints
Clinical neurodynamics : a new system of musculoskeletal treatment
Pain and pain management in Finnish general population
Temporomandibular disorder patients in primary care : subtyping patients based on pain-related disability - a step towards individualized treatment
Assessment and treatment of chronic low back pain patients : some cognitive-behavioural aspects
The body doesn't lie : a 3-step program to end chronic pain and become positively radiant
Pain management : evidence, outcomes, and quality of life : a sourcebook
Central nucleus of the amygdala in descending control of pain-related behavior
Management of pain : a practical approach for health care professionals
Pain, persistence of pain and analgesic use in community-dwelling older Finns
Relieving pain naturally : a complete guide to drug-free pain management
The effects of motivational interviewing on marital and pain adjustment in chronic pain patients and their spouses
The nature of suffering and the goals of medicine
Role of dopamine receptors in pain and opinoid effects : positron emission tomography studies in healthy subjects and patients with chronic orofacial pain
The illness narratives : suffering, healing, and the human condition
Bonica's management of pain
Catechol-O-methyltransferase and pain in rodents and humans
Cognitive therapy for chronic pain : a step-by-step guide
Music-listening as an intervention for chronic pain relief : a case study
Psyche, soma and pain
Pain : dynamics and complexities
Pain free living : the Ecoscue method for strength, harmony and happiness
Pain and depression : an interdisciplinary patient-centered approach
The role of central sensitization in chronic shoulder pain. : A systematic literature review.
Presents a revolutionary program that recognizes the crucial role of the body's connective tissue and boosts the body's natural healing and repair mechanisms.
Clinical neurodynamics : a new system of musculosceletal treatment
Living pain-free : natural and spiritual solutions to eliminate physical pain
Chronic pain is a costly health condition that is estimated to affect 150 million Americans. Numerous studies have shown that chronic pain affects a variety of aspects of life including mood, daily activities, and relationships. Not only does the individual with chronic pain suffer, spouses often do as well. The purpose of this study was to develop and test an intervention that utilized motivational interviewing techniques while providing tailored feedback to couples who are affected by chronic pain. This study examined which changes arose following the intervention and explored potential reasons for why these changes occurred. Participants consisted of 47 couples in which at least one member had a chronic pain condition. Each couple completed questionnaires, participated in an interview about the history of their relationship and pain, and engaged in an interaction about coping with pain. Then the couples were randomly assigned to either the intervention group or control group.The couples in the intervention group received oral and written feedback, utilizing motivational interviewing techniques, regarding strengths and weaknesses of their relationship and pain coping. The couples in the control group received oral and written educational feedback about the Gate Control Theory. The motivational interviewing intervention in this study provided several benefits for couples facing chronic pain. Specifically, the intervention produced greater marital satisfaction, lower pain ratings, greater positive mood, and lower negative mood for both patients and spouses in the intervention group compared to those in the control group. In addition, there were benefits on some of the secondary outcome variables. The patients in the intervention group had lower personal distress than the controls following the intervention and the spouses had greater empathy and mindfulness.This study also found that some of the changes in secondary variables were associated with changes in the primary variables, suggesting that these could be mechanisms of change within the intervention. This study is a promising step to enhancing current treatments for couples facing chronic pain as well as other chronic illnesses. By including aspects of this intervention in future treatments, it is possible that existing treatments can become more effective.
Spinal cord stimulation a treatment method for neuropathic pain : directive for patients and nurses
The shoulder : 15th Physiatric Summer School : 21.-22.08.2014, Helsinki
On differences in alexithymia, anxiety and depression and the relation to subjective pain intensity among patients with chronic facial pain compared to chronic low back pain patients
ABC of pain
Chronic pain management
Pelvic pain : 10th Physiatric Summer School, 19.8. - 21.8.2009
Chronic illness, vulnerability, and social work : autoimmunity and the contemporary disease experience
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Evidence-based chronic pain management
Long-term outcome in dogs after surgical repair of cranial cruciate ligament disease
Chronic pain : an integrated biobehavioral approach
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises, and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Hypermobility, fibromyalgia and chronic pain
"Teach Us to Sit Still is the visceral, thought-provoking, and inexplicably entertaining story of how Tim Parks found himself in serious pain, how doctors failed to help, and the quest he took to find his own way out. Overwhelmed by a crippling condition which nobody could explain or relieve, Parks follows a fruitless journey through the conventional medical system only to find relief in the most unexpected place: a breathing exercise that eventually leads him to take up meditation. This was the very last place Parks anticipated finding answers; he was about as far from New Age as you can get. As everything that he once held true is called into question, Parks confronts the relationship between his mind and body, the hectic modern world that seems to demand all our focus, and his chosen life as an intellectual and writer. He is drawn to consider the effects of illness on the work of other writers, the role of religion in shaping our sense of self, and the influence of sports and art on our attitudes toward health and well-being. Most of us will fall ill at some point; few will describe that journey with the same verve, insight, and radiant intelligence as Tim Parks" -- Provided by publisher.
Male chronic pelvic pain syndrome : aetiology, symptom evaluation and treatment
Pain processing in the human brain : views from magnetoencephalography and functional magnetic resonance imaging
WHO guidelines on the pharmacological treatment of persisting pain in children with medical illnesses
