http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16960 entomology
entomology
Introducing the insect
Journal of the Entomological Society of British Columbia
The science of entomology
Bishop Museum bulletin in entomology
Norwegian journal of entomology
Encyclopedia of entomology
Finnish entomological literature published in ... including economic entomology and control of insect pests
Proceedings of the Workshop on Thysanoptera at Beijing, China, and of the Symposium on Thysanoptera at Halle, Germany, both in 1992
Proceedings of the Entomological Society of Manitoba
Introduction to comparative entomology
Reactions of Diplopods to the relative humidity of the air. Investigations on Orthomorpha gracilis, Iulus terrestris, and Schizophyllum sabulosum
Chemical control of insect behavior : theory and application
Insect Protein Production - Possibilities in Finland
Systematic entomology
"The forests of West Africa are complex, beautiful and under continued threat of over exploitation. This monograph, in its second edition, remains the only comprehensive source of information on economically important forest insects in West Africa. Many pest insects discussed in this book have the potential to greatly alter the utilization of these valuable tropical forests. Several key pests such as mahogany shoot borer, odum gallfly and pests of endangered tree species like Pericopsis, are extensively discussed. This comprehensive treatise of insects includes information on the general forest cover types and insects of utilitarian value. The book will be a great value to foresters, forest entomologists, researchers, conservation biologists and others with a basic biological interest in West Africa forests"--P. [4] of cover.
Genetic variation and colony development of honey bees Apis mellifera in Kenya
Entomologen-Adressbuch = The entomologist's directory = Annuaire des entomologistes
Journal of entomology and zoology
Fundamentals of entomology
Taxonomy, ecology and distribution of Curculionoidea (Coleoptera: Polyphaga) : proceedings of a symposium (28 August, 1996, Florence, Italy), XX International Congress of Entomology
The analysis of archaeological insect assemblages : a new approach
A very fine copy of this beautifully illustrated entomological work published during the Golden period of South German natural history book production. Jacob Schaeffer (sometimes spelled Schäffer) was a Bavarian clergyman-naturalist, a phenomenon so characteristic of the age of Enlightenment. His interest was broad and apart from publishing the most beautiful early iconography on fungi he published on birds, entomology and paper-making, however most of his works describe the fauna and flora of South Germany. Schaeffer had his own cabinet of curiosities, the Schaefferianum, which was visited by Goethe in 1786. The detailed and exact figures illustrate Schaeffer's system of classification, which was based on the wings and the number of tarsi. The fourth section 'Von den Werkzeugen der Behandlung und Sammlung der Insecten' is illustrated with 3 plates, 2 show entomological hunting material and how to preserve insects, the last plate shows a superb entomological baroque cabinet. The plates with the exception of three were printed on both sides of a leaf.
Bionomics and field behavior of crucifer-feeding flea beetle adults (Coleoptera: Chrysomelidae)
Swarming in Ephemeroptera : the mechanism of swarming and the effects of illumination and weather
Bibliography of the more important contributions to American economic entomolgy : parts I, II, and III. The more important writings of Benjamin Dann Walsh and Charles Valentine Riley
Acta phytopathologica et entomologica Hungarica
Entomological review of Japan
Journal of the society for British entomology
Journal of the New York Entomological Society
Transactions of the American Entomological Society
Outlines of entomology
Investigations on the Lepidoptera of Newfoundland I. Macrolepidoptera
Spatial and temporal distribution of malaria mosquitoes : associations with landscpe structure and vegetation in northern Thailand
Bulletin of insectology
Agricultural and forest entomology
Collection of entomological baseline data for tsetse area-wide integrated pest management programmes
On the significance of proteses and amylases in the life of Empoasca flavescens (Hom., Typhlocybidae)
Japanese journal of systematic entomology
Distribution and reproduction of dung beetles in a varying environment : implications for conservation of semi-natural grasslands
Entomo Helvetica : entomologische Zeitschrift der Schweiz = journal des entomologistes suisses = giornale degli entomologi svizzeri = journal of Swiss entomologists
Far Eastern entomologist
Effects of climate change and simulated herbivory on growth responses and leaf characteristics of silver birch (Betula pendula) seedlings
Population structure of a gall midge with a temporal refuge
Japanese journal of systematic entomology. Monographic series
A century of entomology in the Pacific Northwest
Bulletin of the Amateur Entomologists' Society
Proceedings of the Hawaiian Entomological Society
A general textbook of entomology : including the anatomy, physiology, development and classification of insects
The anatomy & physiology of the blow-fly (Musca vomitoria Linn.) : a monograph
Proceedings of the tenth International Congress of Entomology : Montreal, August 17-25, 1956. Vol.1, Introductions. Systematics. Morphology and anatomy. Geographical distribution. Palaeontology. Arachnida and other land Arthropods
Laboratory manual for entomology and plant pathology
The Magic School Bus: Inside a Beehive
Radar entomology : observing insect flight and migration
Journal of the Entomological Society of Ontario
Canopy arthropods
Insect parasitoids : 13th Symposium of the Royal Entomological Society of London, 18-19 September 1985
A monograph of the western hemisphere bumblebees : (Hymenoptera: Apidae; Bombinae)
The Pan-Pacific entomologist
Journal of the Australian Entomological Society
The external morphology of the Lepidopterous pupa : its relation to that of the other stages and to the origin and history of metamorphosis. Parts 4-5
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland: Diptera Tipuloidea. 16
Insect hydrocarbons : biology, biochemistry, and chemical ecology
Recent advances in entomology
Deutsche entomologische Zeitschrift : an international journal of systematic entomology
Pomona College journal of entomology
Bibliography of F. S. Bodenheimer (1897-1947)
The Pioneers of the research on the insects of Dalmatia
African entomology
Vegetational diversity as a strategy for reducing pest oviposition in field vegetables
The invertebrate fauna of the Kilpisjärvi area, Finnish Lapland. 4: Plecoptera
Training manuals for entomology : arachnology nematology mycology & phytobacteriology
Recent research developments in entomology
Insects and other terrestial artropods : expedition field tecniques
Entomological review
7th European Congress of Entomology, October 7-13, 2002 Thessaloniki, Greece : Abstracts
Tethys entomological research
The Entomologist
Summary.
Book of abstracts
Spanish-English-Spanish lexicon of entomological and related terms : with indexes of Spanish common names of arthropods and their Latin and English equivalents
Proceedings of the XXIV Nordic Congress of Entomology : [August 8-11, 1997, Tartu, Estonia]
Journal of entomological and acarological research
Insects and the rain forests of South East Asia (Wallacea)
Livestock entomology
Forest entomology in Hawaii : an annotated check-list of the insect faunas of the various components of the Hawaiian forests
Bulletin of the California Insect Survey
European journal of entomology
Forest entomology in West Tropical Africa : forest insects of Ghana
Indian forest records. Entomology
A catalogue of the Mantodea, : with descriptions of new genera and species, and an enumeration of the specimens, in the collection of the Indian museum, Calcutta. by J. Wood-Mason
Medical entomology and zoology
General distribution of the flea beetles in the palaearctic subregion (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae: Alticinae) = Razširjenost bolhačev palearktične podregije (Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae: Alticinae)
Biology of the insect midgut
Journal of economic entomology
Japanese journal of entomology
The insects : an outline of entomology
Survey of the Diplopoda of Newfoundland
Proceedings of the 5th International Otto Schott Colloquium, July 10-14, 1994, Jena
Forest entomology in Hawaii : an annotated checklist of the insect faunas of the various components of the Hawaiian forests
The external morphology of the Lepidopterous pupa : its relation to that of the other stages and to the origin and history of metamorphosis. Parts 1-3
Radioisotopes and ionizing radiations in entomology : (1961-1963)
Veterinary entomology : arthropod ectoparasites of veterinary importance
British journal of entomology and natural history
Jalla : bulletin of the Finnish Expert group on Hemiptera
15. pohjoismainen hyönteistieteilijäin kongressi Helsingissä 27-29 heinäkuuta 1970 = Det 15. nordiska entomologmötet i Helsingfors 27-29 juli 1970 = Fifteenth Nordic congress of entomology in Helsinki 27-29 July 1970.
The hand of nature : butterflies, beetles and dragonflies
Entomology : a guide to information sources
Surtsey, Iceland : the development of a new fauna, 1963-1970 : terrestrial invertebrates
African entomology memoir
Medical and veterinary entomology
The role of arthropods in forest ecosystems
Notulae naturae of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia
The papers of Charles Valentine Riley : a register of his papers in the National Agricultural Library
The Netherlands as an environment for insect life
A manual of entomological techniques
A world of insects : the Harvard University press reader
Imms' General textbook of entomology. Vol. 2, Classification and biology
A dictionary of entomology
International journal of tropical insect science
General entomology for agricultural students
On the insect fauna of Cyprus. Results of the expedition of 1939 by Harald, Håkan and P. H. Lindberg I. Introduction
An introduction to entomology : or elements of the natural history of insects: with plates
Record of my life-work in entomolgy
Radioisotopes and ionizing radiations in entomology
Life cycles of the pine shoot beetles with particular reference to their maturation feeding in the shoots of Scots pine
7th International Conference on Ephemeroptera, August 3-6, 1992, University of Maine, Orono, Maine, USA : [program and abstracts]
