http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16961 Old English language
Old English language
An Old English reader
The Phoenix
An Old English Martyrology
The Solomon complex : reading wisdom in Old English poetry
The Old English version of the Heptateuch : Aelfric's Treatise on the Old and New Testament, and his preface to Genesis
This book is the first monograph which provides a comprehensive discussion of the syntactic behaviour of Old English (OE) adnominal adjectives.
Towards classifying verbs and adjectives governing the genitive in Beowulf
"The Bible played a crucial role in shaping Anglo-Saxon national and cultural identity. However, access to Biblical texts was necessarily limited to very few individuals in Medieval England. In this book, Samantha Zacher explores how the very earliest English Biblical poetry creatively adapted, commented on and spread Biblical narratives and traditions to the wider population. Systematically surveying the manuscripts of surviving poems, the book shows how these vernacular poets commemorated the Hebrews as God's 'chosen people' and claimed the inheritance of that status for Anglo-Saxon England. Drawing on contemporary translation theory, the book undertakes close readings of the poems Exodus, Daniel and Judith in order to examine their methods of adaptation for their particular theologico-political circumstances and the way they portray and problematize Judaeo-Christian religious identities"--
Old English poetic metre
Blue in Old English : an interdisciplinary semantic study
An Anglo-Saxon book of verse and prose
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
Beowulf : In Old English and New English
The Old English elegies : new essays in criticism and research
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others
Aelfric's Lives of saints : being a set of sermons on saints' days formerly observed by the English church. Part 4
Anglo-Saxon and Old English vocabularies. 2, Indices
Alcuin and 'Beowulf' : an eighth-century view
A glossary of the Vespasian Psalter and Hymns (Brit. Mus. Ms. Cotton Vespasian A 1) : with an Latin-Mercian index. Part 1, The verb
Old Northumbrian verbal morphosyntax and the (Northern) subject rule
Drama, narrative and poetry in the Canterbury Tales
Byrhtferth's manual (A.D. 1011). Vol.1, Text, translation, sources and appendices
Studies in Old English MSS with special reference to the delabialisation of y (<u + i) to i
The uses and shades of meaning of words for every and each in Old English : with an addendum on Early Middle English developments
Medieval English and its heritage : structure, meaning and mechanisms of change
Seasons in the literatures of the medieval North
The development from case-forms to prepositional constructions in old English prose
The Wanderer
Three Northumbrian poems : Cædmon's hymn, Bede's death song and The Leiden riddle
Sweet's anglo-saxon primer
The Seafarer : an interpretation
"Combining historical, literary and linguistic evidence from Old English and Latin, Becoming a Poet in Anglo-Saxon England creates a new, more complete picture of who and what pre-Conquest English poets really were. It includes a study of Anglo-Saxon words for 'poet' and the first list of named poets in Anglo-Saxon England. Its survey of known poets identifies four social roles that poets often held - teachers, scribes, musicians and courtiers - and explores the kinds of poetry created by these individuals. The book also offers a new model for understanding the role of social groups in poets' experience: it argues that the presence or absence of a poetic community affected the work of Anglo-Saxon poets at all levels, from minute technical detail to the portrayal of character. This focus on poetic communities provides a new way to understand the intersection of history and literature in the Middle Ages"--
The diction of the Anglo-Saxon metrical psalms
Anglo-Saxon charters
This book examines violence in its social setting, and especially as an essential element in the heroic system of exchange (sometimes called the Economy of Honour). It situates Beowulf in a northern European culture where violence was not stigmatized as evidence of a breakdown in social order but rather was seen as a reasonable way to get things done; where kings and their retainers saw themselves above all as warriors whose chief occupation was the pursuit of honour; and where most successful kings were those perceived as most predatory"--P. [4] of cover.
On the etymology and chronology of English Colour terms
An old English grammar
Judith, Juliana and Elene : three fighting saints
Each chapter includes exercises and suggestions for further reading. Appendices provide possible answers to the exercises, tips for scanning half-lines, and brief definitions of metrical terms used. Examples in Old English are provided with literal modern English translations, with glosses added in the first three chapters to help beginners. The result is a comprehensive guide that makes important text-critical skills much more readily available to Old English specialists and beginners alike."--pub. desc
"Old English Metre offers an essential framework for the critical analysis of metrical structures and interpretations in Old English literature. Jun Terasawa's comprehensive introductory text covers the basics of Old English metre and reviews the current research in the field, emphasizing the interaction between Old English metre and components such as word-formation, word-choice, and grammar. He also covers the metre-related problems of dating, authorship, and the distinction between prose and verse
Apo koinou in Old English poetry
Three notes on Dame Sirith, Oxford, Bodleian library. MS. Digby 86, fols. 165r-168r
The Peterborough chronicle, 1070-1154
Two of the Saxon chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Rewriting the Old Testament in Anglo-Saxon verse : becoming the chosen people
Relativization in early English (950-1250) : the position of relative clauses
The text of the Old Testament in Anglo-Saxon England
A basic vocabulary of Old English prose = Grundwortschatz altenglische Prosa
Old English glosses in the Épinal-Erfurt glossary
Glossary to 'An Old English reader'
The phonology of Old English stress and metrical structure
Grey in Old English : an interdisciplinary semantic study
Language change and variation from Old English to Late Modern English : a festschrift for Minoji Akimoto
Words indicating church as a spiritual and temporal body in Old English prose texts
This book is the first comprehensive corpus study of element order in Old English and Old High German, which brings to light numerous differences between these two closely related languages. The study's innovative approach relies on translated texts, which allows to tackle the problem of the apparent incomparability of OE and OHG textual records and to identify the areas of OE and OHG syntax potentially influenced by the Latin source texts. This is especially important from the point of view of OE research, where Latin is rarely considered as a significant variable. The book's profile and content is of direct interest for historical linguists working on OE and/or OHG (and Old Germanic languages in general), but it can also greatly benefit several other groups of researchers: scholars applying corpus methods to the study of dead languages, historical linguists generally, linguists researching element order as well as specialists in translation studies.
Beowulf and the Grendel-Kin : politics and poetry in eleventh-century England
A critical history of old English literature
Aelfric's De temporibus anni
First steps in Anglo-Saxon
Prefacing and praising : two functions of "hearing" formulas in the Beowulf story
The origins of Beowulf and the pre-viking kingdom of East Anglia
Studies in the accidence of the Lindisfarne Gospels
The Old English Exodus
The decline of the prefixes and the beginnings of the English phrasal verb : the evidence from some Old and Early Middle English texts
An Anglo-Saxon reader in prose and verse
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary : based on the manuscript collections of the late Joseph Bosworth
A descriptive syntax of the Parker manuscript of the Anglo-Saxon chronicle from 734 to 891
Ashgate critical essays on early English lexicographers. Vol. 1, Old English
Old English prose and verse : an annotated selection with introductions and notes
To the cultures of medieval northwestern Europe, the annual changing of the seasons was a material and economic reality that strongly informed the labour, travel and ritual calendars. However, while there has been much research into the interplay between society and its physical surroundings as reflected in medieval literature, the seasonal aspect of this dynamic has hitherto been neglected. This book analyses the narrative and psychological functions of seasonal settings in the literatures of medieval England and Iceland from the eighth to the fourteenth century, including such important texts as Beowulf and Sir Gawain and the Green Knight. Dealing with both the material realities and the figurative functions of the seasonal cycle, it interprets seasonal spaces in myth and literature as conventionalised environments, where society deals with outside threats and powers which manifest themselves in marginal landscapes.
The old English version of Bede's Ecclesiastical history of the English people. Part 1,1
Introduction to the paperback edition.
Poetry and prose of the Anglo-Saxons. Vol. 1, Texts with introductions, translations, and bibliographies
A second Anglo-Saxon reader : archaic and dialectal
An Anglo-Saxon primer : with grammar, notes, and glossary
Medieval lord : a diachcronic study of dryhten and hlaford in Old and Middle English
"Through innovative close-readings of surviving manuscripts, this book explores how early Anglo-Saxon poetry adapted Biblical narratives to construct and disseminate a coherent Anglo-Saxon cultural identity"--
Generative grammatical studies in the Old English language
Honour, exchange and violence in beowulf
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1993-1996. Part 3.
The Old English riming poem
Legends of the Holy Rood : symbols of the Passion and cross-poems
The literature of penance in Anglo-Saxon England
Anglo-Saxon and Old English vocabularies. Vol. 1, Vocabularies
Impoliteness in an example of early conflict talk : a study of heroic flyting in Beowulf (ll. 499-606)
Say what I am called : the Old English riddles of the Exeter Book and the Anglo-Latin riddle tradition
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1993-1996. Part 1.
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary : based on the manuscript collections of Joseph Bosworth
Strange likeness : the use of old English in twentieth-century poetry
Evidence for Wulfstan's authorship of the Old English Ad.
Anglo-Saxon England and the continent
Introduction to the history of English
Probable Truth : Editing Medieval Texts from Britain in the Twenty-first Century
The dating of Beowulf : a reassessment
Old English lexical items relating to baptism
Poetry and prose of the Anglo-Saxons. Vol. 2, Glossary
Beowulf 1763 adl oððe ecg : a corruption of adl oððe ece?
Ælfric's catholic homilies : the first series text
Old English metre: an introduction
Studies in English historical linguistics and philology : a festschrift for Akio Oizumi
Poems of wisdom and learning in Old English
The seafarer
Genesis B and the comedic imperative
An elementary old English grammar
A concise Anglo-Saxon dictionary
A journey through the history of the English language in England and America. Vol. 1, The continental backgrounds of English and its insular development until 1154
Evidence for Old English : material and theoretical bases for reconstruction
Syntax and style in Old English : a comparison of two versions of Wærferth's translation of Gregory's dialogues
The Old English vision of St. Paul
Be Domes Dæge, De Die Judicii : an Old English version of the Latin poem ascribed to Bede
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1993-1996. Part 2, The parts of speech and their functions
Making sense : constructing meaning in Early English
An Anglo-Saxon primer with grammar, notes and glossary
Old English glosses, chiefly unpublished
Text and gloss : studies in insular learning and literature presented to Joseph Donovan Pheifer
The old English version of Bede's Ecclesiastical history of the English people. Part 2
Element order in Old English and Old High German translations
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary
Scandinavian influence on the Vocabulary of the Peterborough Chronicle (1070-1154)
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1989-1992. 1.
The old English version of Bede's Ecclesiastical history of the English people. Part 1,2
Ten old English poems
Non-finite constructions in Old English : with special reference to syntactic borrowing from Latin
The early English impersonal construction : an analysis of verbal and constructional meaning
The use of the infinitive in old English prose
The endless knot : essays on Old and Middle English in honor of Marie Borroff
Her onginþ seo boc : on the loss and retention of grammatical gender in Early Middle English
Englische Sprachwissenschaft und Mediävistik : Standpunkte - Perspektiven - neue Wege ; proceedings of the conference in Bamberg, May 21 - 22, 2004 = English linguistics and medieval studies : positions - perspectives - new approaches
The Lay folks mass book or The manner of hearing mass, with rubrics and devotions for the people, in four texts, and offices in English according to the use of York
The written poem : semiotic conventions from Old to Modern English
Naming a rite : Old English vocabulary of baptism
"Gewat + infinitive" and "uton + infinitive"
Leod: six Old English poems : a handbook
The Old English metrical calendar (Menologium)
Early English homilies from the twelfth century ms. Vesp. D. XIV
The influence of text type on word order of Old Germanic languages : a corpus-based contrastive study of Old English and Old High German
The rule of S. Benet : Latin and Anglo-Saxon Interlinear version
Three Old English elegies : The wifeʹs lament : The husbandeʹs message : The ruin
Old English chronicles : including Ethelwerd's chronicle. Asser's life of Alfred. Geoffrey of Monmouth's British history. Gildas. Nennius. Together with The spurious chronicle of Richard of Cirencester
Two Ælfric texts : The twelve abuses and The vices and virtues ; an edition and translation of Ælfric's Old English versions of De duodecim abusivis and De octo vitiis et de duodecim abusivis
Defensor's Liber scintillarum with an Interlinear Anglo-Saxon version made early in eleventh century
Language and style in Old English composite homilies
Secular learning in Anglo-Saxon England : exploring the vernacular
The Salisbury psalter
Britain 400-600 : language and history
Gold-Hall and earth-dragon : Beowulf as metaphor
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1989-1992. 3.
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1989-1992. 2.
Another French word from an Anglo-Saxon manuscript : gravirs
The Old English Phoenix, L.407B : ToÞas idge
The syntax of prenominal and postnominal adjectives in old English
An introduction to the grammar of Old English : a systemic functional approach
A short dictionary of Anglo-Saxon poetry : in a normalized Early West-Saxon orthography
An introduction to Old English
Widsith
Finnish summary.
Purloined letters : the twelfth-century reception of the Anglo-Saxon illustrated Hexateuch (British library, Cotton Claudius B. IV)
Early English text and corpus studies (EETACS)
Towards a diatopic approach to the Old English s-stem declension
Aspects of Old English poetic syntax : where clauses begin
The Gospel of Nicodemus
The Old English martyrology : edition, translation and commentary
King Alfred & Boethius, an analysis of the Old English version of the Consolation of philosophy
A new theory of Old English meter
Anglo-Saxon poetry : an essay with specimen translations in verse
A sub-sense of Old English fyrn(-)
"Becoming a Poet in Anglo-Saxon England creates a new, more complete picture of who and what pre-Conquest English poets really were. It includes a study of Anglo-Saxon words for 'poet' and the first list of named poets in Anglo-Saxon England. Its survey of known poets identifies four social roles that poets often held "--
King Alfred's old English version of Boethius De consolatione philosophiae
A descriptive syntax of the Peterborough chronicle from 1122 to 1154
An Anglo-Saxon dictionary : based on the manuscript collections of the late Joseph Bosworth : supplement
Anglo-Saxon England experienced a process of multicultural assimilation similar to that of contemporary England. At the end of the ninth century Old Norse speakers from present-day Denmark, Norway and Sweden started to settle down in the so-called 'Danelaw' amongst the Anglo-Saxon inhabitants, and brought with them cultural traditions and linguistic elements that are still a very significant part of our lives and our speech in the twenty-first century. This book analyses the first Norse terms to be recorded in English. After revising the list of terms recorded in Old English texts which can be considered to be Norse-derived, the author explores their dialectal and chronological distribution, as well as the semantic and stylistic relationship which the Norse-derived terms established with their native equivalents (when they existed). This approach helps to clarify questions such as: Why were the terms borrowed?
Becoming a poet in Anglo-Saxon England
Eadwine's Canterbury Psalter. Part 2, Text and notes
The beginnings of Old English lexicography
Infinitival perception reports in Old English
A critical bibliography of Old English syntax : supplement 1997-2000.. Part 1.
The Old English dialogues of Solomon and Saturn
Aelfric's Lives of saints : being a set of sermons on saints' days formerly observed by the English church. Part 2
Specimens of Anglo-Saxon prose
Ælfric's catholic homilies : introduction, commentary and glossary
Comparative syntax of old English and old Icelandic : linguistic, literary and historical implications
A manual of Old English Biblical materials
The poetics of old English
Representations of the natural world in Old English poetry
Dictionary of Old English. Æ
Cynewulf : structure, style, and theme in his poetry
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 2, Introduction, notes, and index
A guide to Old English : revised with texts and glossary
A study of Old English Literature
Old English syntax. Vol. 1, Concord, the parts of speech, and the sentence
The language of the Northumbrian Gloss to the Gospel of Saint Matthew. Part 1, Phonology
Medieval English : an Old English and Middle English anthology. [1]
Old English prose and verse : an annotated selection
Information structure and syntactic change in the history of English
The lexical effects of Anglo-Scandinavian linguistic contact on Old English
Two of the Saxon Chronicles : parallel with supplementary extracts from the others. Vol. 1, Text, appendices and glossary
Beowulf : reproduced in facsimile from the unique manuscript British museum Ms. Cotton Vitellius A. XV
The long arm of coincidence : the frustrated connection between Beowulf and Grettis saga
Beatus vir : studies in early English and Norse manuscripts in memory of Phillip Pulsiano
Old English syntax. Vol. 2, Subordination, independent elements and element order
