http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p169 cheat
cheat
Introduction to security
Cheating : gaining advantage in videogames
Plagiarism, intellectual property and the teaching of L2 writing
The book brings together diverse views from around the world and provides a comprehensive overview of the subject, beginning with different definitions of academic integrity through how to create the ethical academy. At the same time, the Handbook does not shy away from some of the vigorous debates in the field such as the causes of academic integrity breaches. There has been an explosion of interest in academic integrity in the last 10-20 years. New technologies that have made it easier than ever for students to 'cut and paste', coupled with global media scandals of high profile researchers behaving badly, have resulted in the perception that plagiarism is 'on the rise'. This, in combination with the massification and commercialisation of higher education, has resulted in a burgeoning interest in the importance of academic integrity, how to safeguard it and how to address breaches appropriately. What may have seemed like a relatively easy topic to address - students copying sources without attribution - has in fact, turned out to be a very complex, interdisciplinary field of research requiring contributions from linguists, psychologists, social scientists, anthropologists, teaching and learning specialists, mathematicians, accountants, medical doctors, lawyers and philosophers, to name just a few. Despite or perhaps because of this broad interest and input, there has been no single authoritative reference work which brings together the vast, growing, interdisciplinary and at times contradictory body of literature. For both established researchers/practitioners and those new to the field, this Handbook provides a one-stop-shop as well as a launching pad for new explorations and discussions.
The politics of lying : implications for democracy
The folly of fools : the logic of deceit and self-deception in human life
Managing elections in Russia : mechanisms and problems
Factors influencing auditors' self-perceived ability to assess fraud risk
Plagiarism, the internet and student learning : improving academic integrity
Ethics and values in industrial-organizational psychology
Academic dishonesty : an educator's guide
Deception in the marketplace : the psychology of deceptive persuasion and consumer self-protection
Love and lies : and why you can't have one without the other
Handbook of academic integrity
Cheating in school : what we know and what we can do
A handbook for deterring plagiarism in higher education
Studying  fraud as white collar crime
White-collar crime : accounts of offending behaviour
Using moral reminders to reduce cheating in university students
The philosophy of deception
Home care fraud and abuse : critical questions, essential answers
Web of deceit : misinformation and manipulation in the age of social media
"Despite efforts to tackle fraud and white collar crime, they still thrive in our society. This book explores the themes, theories and issues that are essential for understanding these crimes, using extensive examples drawn from recent events. This is an ideal guide to the changing landscape of fraud for students of Criminology and Sociology"--
Bullshit and philosophy : guaranteed to get perfect results every time
True enough : learning to live in a post-fact society
Investigative computer forensics : the practical guide for lawyers, accountants, investigators, and business
The great betrayal : fraud in science
Why we lie
Psychology of academic cheating
On bullshit
Cheating lessons : learning from academic dishonesty
The handbook of business security : a practical guide to managing the security risk
Risky business : corruption, fraud, terrorism and other threats to global business
Detecting and preventing classroom cheating : promoting integrity in assessment
The rainmaker
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Telling lies : clues to deceit in the marketplace, politics, and marriage
Educating the first digital generation
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
The Rainmaker
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
Deception : from ancient empires to Internet dating
Crime at work. 3, Managing security
"But can't you see they are lying" : student moral positions and ethical practices in the wake of technological change
On the edge of truth and honesty : principles and strategies of Fraud and deceit in the early modern period
"Fraud permeates all types of institutions today and now the world of science, the last bastion of respect and trust, is no exception. Dozens of cases have been uncovered in the past quarter-century-and the headlines continue. We can no longer shrug off fraud in science as the work of aberrant individual scientists, Horace Freeland Judson argues. Instead, we must look for its causes and its remedies in the structures and cultures of the scientific institutions themselves. Judson carefully details all types of scientific fraud and how they happen; considers the self-government of the sciences, including peer review and the refereeing of papers; and exposes the failures of academic, governmental, and legal responses. He also shows how the movement toward Internet publication of papers promises remarkable new checks on fraud and suggests how we can restore and defend the integrity of the greatest monument of human endeavor- the sciences."
Student plagiarism in an online world : problems and solutions
Risky business : corruption, fraud, terrorism & other threats to global business
