http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16943 cirrhosis
cirrhosis
Complement system and alcoholic liver disease
This proceedings volume will contain chapters based upon the presentation of the 2nd International Conference on Alcohol and Cancer in Colorado, 2013. The various topics explore the affects of alcohol on: liver and breast cancer, cell signaling and cancer, stem cells, biomarkers and metabolomics, aerodigestive cancers, cancer and the immune system, and more. In the recent years, a significant amount of research has emerged connecting the link between alcohol and cancer. The field has rapidly advanced, especially since the complex connection between alcohol and cancer has several unique sub areas that are being investigated and this volume gives a comprehensive overview of these advancements.
Experimental cirrhosis of the liver in rabbits induced by gastric instillation of desiccated whole bile
Biological Basis of Alcohol-Induced Cancer
Trends in nutrition research
A placebo-controlled trial of primary biliary cirrhosis treatment with colchicine and ursodeoxycholic acid
Oral health in liver transplant recipients
Ethanol metabolism by gastrointestinal bacteria : a new approach to the pathogenesis of alcohol-related gastrointestinal diseases
MR imaging of the liver : studies on the detection and characterization of focal liver lesions and liver cirrhosis
Biochemical Roles of Eukaryotic Cell Surface Macromolecules
Metabolism of cholesterol and low- and high-density lipoproteins in primary biliary cirrhosis: cholesterol absorption and synthesis related to lipoprotein levels and their kinetics
Liver disease in pediatric onset intestinal failure
Biliary atresia : treatment results and native liver function
Ursodeoxycholic acid treatment lowers the serum level of antibodies against pyruvate dehydrogenase and influences their inhibitory capacity for the enzyme complex in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis
Summary.
Diagnosis: liver cirrhosis : leaflet on the disease and patient's self-care
Gene expression and synthesis of fibronectin isoforms in rat hepatic stellate cells : comparison with liver parenchymal cells and skin fibroblasts
Experimental liver cirrhosis induced by alcohol and iron
Epidemiology and treatment options of primary biliary cirrhosis
Alcohol consumption and alcoholic liver disease : epidemiology, pathogenesis and genetic risk factors
Intestinal bacteria : post-mortem changes, migration and association with alcoholic liver cirrhosis
Early perivenular fibrogenesis : precirrhotic lesions among moderate alcohol consumers and chronic alcoholics
Biomarkers for assessing ethanol consumption and the development of alcoholic liver disease : immune responses against ethanol metabolites, cytokine profiles and markers of fibrogenesis
Metabolic effects of liver transplantation in cirrhotic patients
The purpose of this thesis was to compile a written self-care guide for the liver cirrhosis patients. A written guidebook supports the spoken guidance given e.g. in the hospital. This thesis was also intended to be used by those who are studying medical-surgical nursing. The understanding of pathophysiology caused by liver cirrhosis is fundamental for both, patients and nurses. The objective of this thesis was to provide more information from liver cirrhosis, its etiology and symptoms, and to give advice for a patient's self-care. Well-designed written patient instructions were also analyzed. The importance for this project arouse from the fact that over 500 people are dying of the cirrhosis in Finland every year. Referring to studies liver cirrhosis is a serious, growing health problem in Finland. Cirrhosis is a state of a liver disease that cannot be cured, but the objective of the care is to stop the progress of the cirrhosis. Information provided by a health care professional can have an essential effect on keeping the condition of the liver cirrhotic patient from getting worse. This thesis was a functional process. The information was gathered from professional literature and from electronic sources; articles regarding liver cirrhosis, care and self-care. The theoretical part of this thesis is the basis of the final product which is a printed leaflet. The leaflet describes the background of the disease and gives the basic instructions for a liver cirrhosis patient's self-care. The information in the guide was demonstrated as clearly as possible, so it would be understandable and easy to follow by the patients. Plenty of information about liver cirrhosis and its etiology and symptoms was found successfully. However, a new medical research provides constantly a lot of new information about the subject. Therefore, the information of this thesis related to the subject has to be updated regularly.
