http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16969 cognitive science
cognitive science
Knowledge transfer between programming languages through schemas and focal expansion
The architecture of cognition
Beyond the desktop metaphor : designing integrated digital work environments
Comparative causal mapping : the CMAP3 method
Special issue : art, mind, and cognitive science
The sciences of cognition : theory and research in psychology and artificial intelligence
Liaisons : philosophy meets the cognitive and social sciences
Pattern recognition by humans and machines. 1, Speech perception
Anticipatory look-ahead fixations in real curve driving
Embodied visions : evolution, emotion, culture, and film
Phi : a voyage from the brain to the soul
Brain, mind, and human behavior in contemporary cognitive science : critical assessments of the philosophy of psychology
Cognitive science and the mind-body problem : from philosophy to psychology to artificial intelligence to imaging of the brain
What do epistemic logic and cognitive science have to do with each other?
Representations : philosophical essays on the foundations of cognitive science
The main paradigms and challenges of cognitive science
Encyclopedia of cognitive science. 2, Epilepsy - Mental imagery, philosophical issues about
Roger Penrose's "The emperor's new mind" : implications for critical thinking
Psychoanalysis and cognitive science : a multiple code theory
Without good reason : the rationality debate in philosophy and cognitive science
Brain-wise : studies in neurophilosophy
Time warps, string edits, and macromolecules : the theory and practice of sequence comparison
How to think like a neandertal
Coregistration of eye movements and EEG data : a methodological study
Toward a developmental theory of meaning : grounding mental representations in cognitive science
"Providing a new conceptual scaffold for further research in biology and cognition, this book introduces the new field of cognitive biology, a systems biology approach showing that further progress in this field will depend on a deep recognition of developmental processes, as well as on the consideration of the developed organism as an agent able to modify and control its surrounding environment. The role of cognition, the means through which the organism is able to cope with its environment, cannot be underestimated. In particular, it is shown that this activity is grounded on a theory of information based on Bayesian probabilities. The organism is considered as a cybernetic system able to integrate a processor as a source of variety (the genetic system), a regulator of its own homeostasis (the metabolic system), and a selecting system separating the self from the non-self (the membrane in unicellular organisms). Any organism is a complex system that can survive only if it is able to maintain its internal order against the spontaneous tendency towards disruption. Therefore, it is forced to monitor and control its environment and so to establish feedback circuits resulting in co-adaptation. Cognitive and biological processes are shown to be inseparable".
Expertise and relevancy perceptions : how product development experts and novices differ in design brief interpretations
Cognitive biology : dealing with information from bacteria to minds
Cognitive science and information technology : prerequisites and consequences of the use of information technology
Thinking styles
Cognitive science : an introduction to the study of the mind
Cognition workbook : essays, demonstrations, and explorations
Content-based design engineering thinking : in the search for approach
The symbolic and nonsymbolic in connectionism
Intentionality and cognitivism
Cognitive science : contributions to educational practice
Cognition, agency, and rationality
Scale in conscious experience : Is the brain too important to be left to the specialists to study?
Readings in philosophy and cognitive science
Connectionist psychology : a text with readings
Encyclopedia of cognitive science. 1, Academic achievement - Environmental psychology
The role of loss in the development of wisdom : practical knowledge, personality, structure and self-transcendence
Cognitive sciences at the leading edge
What computers can't do : a critique of artificial reason
Technology in culture : a theoretical discourse on convergence in human-technology interaction
"This exciting textbook introduces students to the dynamic vibrant area of cognitive science - the scientific study of the mind and cognition. Cognitive science draws upon many academic disciplines, including psychology, computer science, philosophy, linguistics and neuroscience. This is the first textbook to present a unified view of cognitive science as a discipline in its own right, with a distinctive approach to studying the mind. Students are introduced to the cognitive scientist's 'toolkit' - the vast range of techniques and tools that cognitive scientists can use to study the mind. The book presents the main theoretical models that cognitive scientists are currently using, and shows how those models are being applied to unlock the mysteries of the human mind. Cognitive Science is replete with examples, illustrations, and applications, and draws on cutting-edge research and new developments to explore both the achievements that cognitive scientists have made, and the challenges that lie ahead"--Provided by publisher.
Mind and cognition : an anthology
"Why is the set of human beliefs and behaviours that we call "religion" such a widespread feature of all known human societies, past and present, and why are there so many forms of religiosity found throughout history and culture? "Mental Culture" brings together an international range of scholars - from Anthropology, History, Psychology, Philosophy, and Religious Studies - to answer these questions. Connecting classical theories and approaches with the newly established field of the Cognitive Science of Religion, the aim of "Mental Culture" is to provide scholars and students of religion with an overview of contemporary scientific approaches to religion while tracing their intellectual development to some of the great thinkers of the past." --Publisher's description.
Cognitive science : an introduction to the science of the mind
Philosophy and cognitive science
The challenges and opportunities of human technology
Cognitive science and the unconscious
Towards a science of consciousness : Conscious and its place in nature
Encyclopedia of cognitive science. 4, Similarity - Zombies
New directions in cognitive science
Existential cognition : computational minds in the world
Duality of the mind : a bottom-up approach toward cognition
Foundations of cognitive science : the essential readings
A study on the foundations of cognitivism
The problem of implementation and its relation to the philosophy of cognitive science
The search for mind : a new foundation for cognitive science
Connectionism and the philosophy of psychology
Brain and mind : for better understanding of the dynamic function of mind and its supporting brain mechanism
The modularity of mind : an essay on faculty psychology
Brain development and cognition : a reader
Conceptual change in cognitive science education : towards understanding and supporting multidisciplinary learning
Philosophical applications of cognitive science
Cognitive carpentry : a blueprint for how to build a person
Perspectives on cognitive science : theories, experiments, and foundations
Topics in cognitive science
Applications of cognitive work analysis
Cognitive science in Europe : a report from the FAST programme of the Commission of the European Communities
Glossary of cognitive science
Mind out of matter : topics in the physical foundations of consciousness and cognition
How tacit is tacit knowledge? : Polanyi's theory of knowledge and its application in knowledge management theories
The socially distributed cognition of musical timbre : a convergence of semantic, perceptual, and acoustic aspects
Contemporary philosophy of mind : a contentiously classical approach : Georges Rey
Early cognitive science : a challenge to analytic philosophy?
Two sciences of mind : readings in cognitive science and consciousness
Truth, rationality, cognition, and music : proceedings of the seventh International Colloquium on Cognitive Science
Changing minds : religion and cognition through the ages
The bounds of cognition
Comparative Causal Mapping: The CMAP3 Method, by Mauri Laukkanen and Mingde Wang, is an introduction to the conceptual backgrounds of causal (cognitive) mapping and to the typical methods in comparative and composite causal mapping, based on either interview or questionnaire primary data or on secondary documentary data. The discussed CCM research is supported by CMAP3, a freely downloadable (www.uef.fi/cmap3) Windows software platform for CCM studies. The book has three parts. The first discusses the theoretical underpinnings and methodological issues in causal mapping including the target phenomena and different interpretations of causal maps/mapping, the motives for using CCM methods and the criteria of method selection. The second part focuses on the technical aspects of using CMAP3 in typical CCM research. The third part presents three CCM study cases: a classical document-based study; a semi-structured interview-based (SIM) study; and a methodological study comparing SIM with an electronically administered structured hybrid CCM approach. In addition to demonstrating CCM practices, they suggest that different methods produce divergent results and are thus not substitutable. The research task should determine which CCM approach is appropriate. The book will appeal to both academic and professional audiences, in particular to doctoral students and experienced researchers looking for new topics and method approaches, but also to practitioners in fields such as management and organization studies, organizational development, public policy and education, and knowledge management.
Readings in cognitive science : a perspective from psychology and artificial intelligence
The Freudian unconscious in the context of the cognitive orientation
On the difference between quantum and classical potentials - a reply to Hiley and Pylkkänen
A systemic-structural theory of activity : applications to human performance and work design
Designing with the mind in mind : simple guide to understanding user interface design rules
Smart machines in education : the coming revolution in educational technology
From cute to content : user experience from a cognitive semiotic perspective
Cognitive psychology
The innate mind : culture and cognition. Vol. 2, Culture and cognition
Throughout history, different fields of inquiry have attempted to understand the great mystery of mind and answer questions like: What is mind? How does it operate? What is consciousness? Only recently have these efforts in traditional and cutting edge disciplines become more united in their focus. Cognitive Science is the comprehensive result of the authors' drawing together of this work. Key features: -Includes numerous ancillaries to promote the book's effective use, a companion student website at www.sagepub.com//CSstudy featuring online student-friendly exercises, E-flash cards, and interactive quizzes; and an Instructors CD-ROM with a test bank, chapter outlines, PowerPoint slides, a sample syllabus, and ideas for student projects - After introducing a major perspective, an 'Evaluating' section discusses the strengths and weaknesses of that perspective 'Thought Balloons' in margins further encourage students to think critically about key concepts; - 'In-Depth' boxes elaborate on specific models, illustrating them in concrete terms, and 'Minds On' exercises help students to familiarize themselves with key concepts in a hands-on fashion; - Student study is assisted via key terms (which are boldfaced and defined in context when first introduced), suggestions for further reading, and end-of-chapter 'Food for Thought' discussion questions; - Covers all the traditional concerns of cognitive science together with analysis of newer areas such as robotics and the evolutionary approach. Cognitive Science is the perfect introductory textbook for cross-disciplinary courses on the mind in psychology, linguistics, philosophy, and computer science.
Cognitive science : an introduction to the study of mind
Foundational issues in artificial intelligence and cognitive science : impasse and solution
Mind, morality and magic : cognitive science approaches in biblical studies
Transfer : review, reconstruction, and resolution
Rationality in an uncertain world : essays on the cognitive science of human reasoning
What's within? : nativism reconsidered
Keeping religion in mind
Mind and morals : essays on cognitive science and ethics
Philosophy and cognitive science : categories, consciousness, and reasoning : proceedings of the Second International Colloquium on Cognitive Science
Debates on psychological explanation. Vol. 2, Connectionism
Computational developmental psychology
Tuning the mind : connecting aesthetics to cognitive science
Security applications for converging technologies : impact on the constitutional state and the legal order
Dual-process theories and hybrid systems
The new science of the mind : from extended mind to embodied phenomenology
Economic theory and cognitive science : microexplanation
Awareness in logic and cognitive neuroscience
Language, brain, and cognitive development : essays in honor of Jacques Mehler
Minds, brains, computers : an historical introduction to the foundations of cognitive science
Cognitive science : the science of intelligent systems
Is David Bohm's notion of active information useful in cognitive science?
The mechanization of the mind : on the origins of cognitive science
Advances in cognitive informatics and cognitive computing
Neuroeconomics and the decision-making process
Computers and thought : a collection of articles
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
How the brain works
The language of thought
Cognitive aspects of religious ontologies : how brain proceses constrain religious concepts
Thinking and problem solving
Beyond AI : creating the conscience of the machine
Dictionary of cognitive science : neuroscience, psychology, artificial intelligence, linguistics, and philosophy
Minds and machines : connectionism and psychological modeling
Situated cognition in search of an agenda
Questioning external and internal representation : the case of scientific models
Dynamic concept analysis (DCA) : integrating information in conceptual models
From being to doing : the origins of the biology of cognition
Mind, body, world : foundations of cognitive science
Gognitive science : an introduction
The innate mind. 3, Foundations and the future
Computation, cognition, and Pylyshyn
First IEEE International Conference on Cognitive Informatics : ICCI 2002 : proceedings : 19-20 August 2002, Calgary, Alberta, Canada
Rational models of cognition
Connectionism in context
The dawn of cognitive science : early European contributors
Purity and danger now : new perspectives
What is cognitive science?
The application of motion capture to embodied music cognition research
Thinking : readings in cognitive science
The effect of computer use on the cognitive performance of preschool children
Laws, language and life : Howard Pattee's classic papers on the physics of symbols with contemporary commentary
I’ll tell you why Cognitive Science is important
A neural network model of the mismatch negativity and the sensory memory trace
Understanding cognitive science
Rules and representations
The computational infant : looking for developmental cognitive science
Cognitive science : a multidisciplinary journal of artificial intelligence, linguistics, neuroscience, philosophy, psychology
Perspectives in cognitive science : theories, experiments and foundations
Processing inaccurate information : theoretical and applied perspectives from cognitive science and the educational sciences
Dynamics of musical knowledge ecology : knowing-what and knowing-how in the world of sounds
Naturalism in the cognitive sciences and the philosophy of mind
Readings in animal cognition
Cognition and chance : the psychology of probabilisticreasoning
The legacy of Alan Turing.. Vol. 2
The strong and weak division in distributed cognition theory : a comparison
I-language : an introduction to linguistics as cognitive science
Reconstructing the cognitive world : the next step
Categories and cognitive models
Models and cognition : prediction and explanation in everyday life and in science
Speech acts, communication and collective intentionality
Knowing and the mystique of logic and rules : including true statements in knowing and action, computer modelling of human knowing activity, coherent description as the core of scholarship and science
Tacit attributes of the concept of intelligence : static vs. dynamic
The dissolution of mind : a fable of how experience gives rise to cognition
Rethinking cognitive theory
The cognitive science of religion that has emerged over the last twenty years is a multidisciplinary field that often challenges established theories in anthropology and comparative religion. This new approach raises many questions for biblical studies as well. What are the cross-cultural cognitive mechanisms which explain the transmission of biblical texts? How did the local and particular cultural traditions of ancient Israel and early Christianity develop? What does the embodied and socially embedded nature of the human mind imply for the exegesis of biblical texts? "Mind, Morality and Magic" draws on a range of approaches to the study of the human mind - including memory studies, computer modeling, cognitive theories of ritual, social cognition, evolutionary psychology, biology of emotions, and research on religious experience. The volume explores how cognitive approaches to religion can shed light on classical concerns in biblical scholarship - such as the transmission of traditions, ritual and magic, and ethics - as well as uncover new questions and offer new methodologies.
The cognitive sciences : an interdisciplinary approach
Mental culture : classical social theory and the cognitive science of religion
Grounding social sciences in cognitive sciences
Mind : introduction to cognitive science
Summary: "There have been many books, movies, and even TV commercials featuring Neandertals--some serious, some comical. But what was it really like to be a Neandertal? How were their lives similar to or different from ours? In How to Think Like a Neandertal, archaeologist Thomas Wynn and psychologist Frederick L. Coolidge team up to provide a brilliant account of the mental life of Neandertals, drawing on the most recent fossil and archaeological remains. Their eye-opening portrait of Neandertals paints a remarkable picture of these long-vanished people and provides insight, as they go along, into our own minds and culture"--.
Cognition, the implicate order and rainforest realism
Complexity and cognition : Kolmogorov complexity and its application to cognitive science
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Encyclopedia of cognitive science. 3, Mental models - Signal detection theory
Moral psychology. Volume 2, The cognitive science of morality : intuition and diversity
Knowledge representation and metaphor
The symbolic and subsymbolic theories in cognitive science
