http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16955 diversification
diversification
Research in science and technology studies : gender and work
Two languages, two modalities:a special type of early bilingual language acquisition in hearing children of Deaf parents
Divergent regional economies in Europe : Helsinki and Baltic Sea metropolises in the network of European regions
The globalisation of crime : understanding transitional relationships in context
The vanishing neighbor : the transformation of American community
The creative society of the 21st century
Employment, unemployment,  marginalization : studies on contemporary labour markets
English summary.
Resisting marginalization : unemployment experience and social policy in the European Union
Access to social rights in Europe
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation : domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
Falling behind : how rising inequality harms the middle class
Differentiation in European Union law
The ghetto underclass : social science perspectives
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Governance in the 21st century
Limits of meritocracy : how fields of study and gender segregation affect social stratification in Finland
Which Europe? : the politics of differentiated integration
Inclusion and democracy
Separate societies : poverty and inequality in U.S. cities
IQ and global inequality
The self under siege : a therapeutic model for differentiation
The social control of cities? : a comparative perspective
Differentiation between social groups : studies in the social psychology of intergroup relations
On Cadavers & Images
Globalization and marginality in geographical space : political, economic and social issues of development in the new millennium
Strategic divide management in pharmaceutical alliances : a partner's strategic evolution as a reason for strategic divide
A cognitive and pragmatic account of innovation: domesticating the probiotic Gefilus in Finland
Choosing a better life? : evaluating the Moving to Opportunity social experiment
Urban housing segregation of minorities in Western Europe and the United States
Finnish yearbook of population research. 47, 2012
Separation of powers in practice
OECD questionnaire : country report of Finland
The challenge of transcultural diversities : transversal study on the theme of cultural policy and cultural diversity : final report
Behind the gates : life, security, and the pursuit of happiness in fortress America
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
Criminology and social theory
The differentiated countryside
"In this thought-provoking book, noted clinical psychologist Robert Firestone and his co-authors explore the struggle that all of us face in striving to retain a sense of ourselves as unique individuals. An important addition to the area of personality development theory, it offers a new perspective on differentiation and the battle to separate ourselves from the chains of the past".
Differentiation and guidance in the comprehensive school : report on the Sigtuna course organized by the Swedish government under the auspices of the Council of Europe August 1958
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
China's emerging cities : the making of new urbanism
A conceptual analysis of the oceanic feeling : with a special note on painterly aesthetics
"Identifies [what the author sees as] an epochal shift in the structure of American life--a shift unnoticed by many. Routines that once put doctors and lawyers in touch with grocers and plumbers--interactions that encouraged debate and cultivated compromise--have changed dramatically since the postwar era. Both technology and the new routines of everyday life connect tight-knit circles and expand the breadth of our social landscapes, but they've sapped the commonplace, incidental interactions that for centuries have built local communities and fostered healthy debate. The disappearance of these once-central relationships ... lies at the root of America's economic woes and political gridlock"--Amazon.com.
People, demography and social exclusion
Genetic and phenotypic divergence in Drosophila virilis and D. montana
Socio-economic and ethnic differentiation of neighbourhoods in Helsinki
Urban sores : on the interaction between segregation, urban decay, and deprived neighbourhoods
City form and everyday life : Toronto's gentrification and critical social prectice
The Eurogang paradox : street gangs and youth groups in the U.S. and Europe
Sammandrag. - Summary.
Border lines : the partition of Judaeo-Christianity
Divergences in the Euro area : a cause for concern?
Socio-economic differentiation and selective migration in rural and urban Sweden
Abstract.
Inclusion : the politics of difference in medical research
Dual city : restructuring New York
Statistical methods for detecting signals of natural selection in the wild
The social construction of diversity : recasting the master narrative of industrial nations
The withering of the welfare state : regression
Language and identity in the Balkans : Serbo-Croatian and its disintegration
The variable position of Arctic charr (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) in subarctic lake food webs
Barriers evolving : reproductive isolation and the early stages of biological speciation
National overview on distressed urban areas in Finland
Bourdieu's theory of social fields : concepts and applications
In Brown's wake : legacies of America's educational landmark
Bourdieu's theory of social fields is one of his key contributions to social sciences and humanities. However, it has never been subjected to genuine critical examination. This book fills that gap and offers a clear and wide-ranging introduction to the theory. It includes a critical discussion of its methodology and relevance in different subject areas in the social sciences and humanities. Part I "Theoretical investigations" offers a theoretical account of the theory, while also identifying some of its limitations and discussing several strategies to overcome them. Part II "Education, culture and organization" presents the theory at work and highlights its advantages and disadvantages. The focus in Part III devoted to "The State" is on the formation and evolution of the State and public policy in different contexts. The chapters show the usefulness of field theory in describing, explaining and understanding the functioning of the State at different stages in its historical trajectory including its recent redefinition with the advent of the neoliberal age. A last chapter outlines a postcolonial use of the theory of fields.
"This book will provide therapists with the tools necessary to help their clients differentiate themselves from their parents, families of origin, and other influences that have unconsciously dominated and predetermined their lives. The authors argue that most of us are unaware of the extent to which our lives have been predetermined and pre-empted by a parent whose thoughts, beliefs, and feelings can actually be antagonistic to our own goals and desires. An integrative theoretical approach to personality development and human behavior is introduced, providing the foundation for an innovative cognitive-affective-behavioral therapeutic process centered around Firestone's Voice Therapy technique".
