http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16956 Hellenism
Hellenism
Handbook of classical rhetoric in the Hellenistic period 330 B.C. - A.D. 400
Hellenistic sculpture : a handbook
The Antikythera shipwreck reconsidered
Hellenistic architecture in Asia Minor
This book is intended as an introduction to the archaeology of the easternmost regions of Greek settlement in the Hellenistic period, from the conquests of Alexander the Great in the late fourth century BC, through to the last Greek-named kings of north-western India somewhere around the late first century BC, or even early first century AD. The 'Far East' of the Hellenistic world - a region comprising areas of what is now Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran and the former-Soviet Central Asian Republics - is best known from the archaeological remains of sites such as Ai Khanoum, which attest the endurance of Greek cultural and political presence in the region in the three centuries following the conquests of Alexander the Great. The 'Hellenistic Far East' has become the standard catch-all term for a network of autonomous and semiautonomous Greek-ruled states in the region east of the Iranian Plateau, which remained in only intermittent political contact with the rest of the Hellenistic world to the west - although cultural and commercial contacts could at times be very direct. These states, their rulers and populations, feature only occasionally in Greek and Latin historical sources. The two great challenges of HFE studies lie in integrating scholarship on this region into work on the Hellenistic world as a whole in a more than superficial way; and in understanding the complex cultural and ethnic relationships between the dominant Greek elites of the region and their neighbours, both within the Greek kingdom of Bactria and in its Central Asian hinterland.
The Hellenistic world from Alexander to the Roman conquest : a selection of ancient sources in translation
The Oxford history of the classical world. [1], Greece and the Hellenistic world
Identity, religion and historiography : studies in Hellenistic history
Aristotle and after
Hellenistic philosophy : stoics, epicureans, sceptics
The Hellenistic world : using coins as sources
In a series of studies, Ian Moyer explores the ancient history and modern historiography of relations between Egypt and Greece from the fifth century BCE to the early Roman Empire. Beginning with Herodotus, he analyzes key encounters between Greeks and Egyptian priests, the bearers of Egypt's ancient traditions. Four moments unfold as rich micro-histories of cross-cultural interaction: Herodotus' interviews with priests at Thebes; Manetho's composition of an Egyptian history in Greek; the struggles of Egyptian priests on Delos; and a Greek physician's quest for magic in Egypt. In writing these histories, the author moves beyond Orientalizing representations of the Other and colonial metanarratives of the civilizing process to reveal interactions between Greeks and Egyptians as transactional processes in which the traditions, discourses and pragmatic interests of both sides shaped the outcome. The result is a dialogical history of cultural and intellectual exchanges between the great civilizations of Greece and Egypt.
Greek civilization and character : the self-revelation of ancient Greek society
Rabbinic law in its Roman and Near Eastern context
Dialectic-history: the past is more than just one other country. Marshall Sahlins, Apologies to Thucydides In his classic study, Alien Wisdom: The Limits of Hellenization, Arnaldo Momigliano explored what he called "an intellectual event of the first order, the confrontation of the Greeks with four other civilizations" in the Hellenistic period: Romans, Celts, Jews, and Iranians.1 Remarkable for its absence from his account is the ancient civilization of the Egyptians, which had long fascinated the Greeks, and, after the conquests of Alexander, confronted them more directly than ever before.
Reproducing Athens : Menander's comedy, democratic culture, and the Hellenistic city
Judaism and Hellenism : studies in their encounter in Palestine during the early Hellenistic period
Land and power in Ptolemaic Egypt : the structure of land tenure
Christian origins and Hellenistic Judaism : social and literary contexts for the New Testament
The heritage of Hellenism
The sculpture of Taras
Polygamy, prostitutes and death : the Hellenistic dynasties
Byzantine studies and other essays
Israel and Hellas. Vol. 3, The legacy of Iranian imperialism and the invividual ; with cumulative indexes to vols. 1-3
The histories
Paul and Palestinian Judaism : a comparison of patterns of religion
Rethinking the Judaism-Hellenism dichotomy : a historiogrpahical case study of second Peter and Jude
Fragments from Hellenistic Jewish authors. Vol. 4, Orphica
The Library of Alexandria : centre of learning in the ancient world
A history of the Hellenistic world 323-30 BC
Hellenistic philosophy : introductory readings
The social and economic history of the Hellenistic world. 1
Jews in a Graeco-Roman environment
Proximity to power and Jewish sectarian groups of the ancient period : a review of lifestyle, values, and halakhah in the Pharisees, Sadducees, Essenes, and Qumran
Judaism and Hellenism in antiquity : conflict or confluence?
The archaeology of the Hellenistic far east : a survey
Greek fiction has never been more popular. New approaches to ancient literature, and the increase in courses in literature in translation, have made the ancient novel a fertile field for scholar and student alike. This volume extends the boundaries of the subject beyond the "canon" of the romances properly called and examines Greek fictional writing in the widest possible context, including texts that are not normally treated as novels, such as various kinds of sacred or quasi-historical texts. The editors hope to open up the definition of Greek fiction to further debate and to create cross-currents between scholars working in diverse fields.
Athens from Alexander to Antony
The age of the successors and the creation of the Hellenistic kingdoms (323-276 B.C.)
The Hellenistic West : rethinking the Ancient Mediterranean
Alien wisdom : the limits of Hellenization
The Hellenistic age
Jews and Christians in their Graeco-Roman context : selected essays on early Judaism, Samaritanism, Hellenism, and Christianity
Alexandrian poetry under the first three Ptolemies, 324-222 B.C
Interpreting early Hellenistic religion : a study based on the cult of Isis and the mystery cult of Demeter
Early Christianity as a social movement
The Oxford illustrated history of Greece and the Hellenistic world
Paul's language of grace in its Graeco-Roman context
Jewish identities in antiquity : studies in memory of Menahem Stern
Light from the Gentiles : Hellenistic philosophy and early Christianity : collected essays, 1959-2012 by Abraham J. Malherbe. Volume 2
Jewish wisdom in the Hellenistic age
Power and pathos : bronze sculpture of the Hellenistic world
Studies in classics and Jewish Hellenism
Ancient Alexandria between Egypt and Greece
Civilization in the West. Vol. A, To 1500
Themes, character, and politics in Plutarch's Life of Lucullus : the construction of a Roman aristocrat
Aspects of Hellenism in Italy : towards a cultural unity?
Aspects of Hellenistic kingship
"Most people think about the sanctuary of Delphi as the seat of the famous oracle and of Olympia as the site of the Olympic games. The oracle and the games, however, were but two of the many activities ongoing at both sites. This book investigates the physical remains of both sanctuaries to show how different visitors interacted with the sacred spaces of Delphi and Olympia in an important variety of ways during the archaic and classical periods. It highlights how this fluid usage impacted upon, and was itself affected by, the development of the sanctuary space and how such usage influenced the place and relationship of these two sites in the wider landscape. As a result, it argues for the re-evaluation of the roles of Delphi and Olympia in the Greek world and for a re-thinking of the usefulness of the term 'panhellenism' in Greek politics, religion and culture"--
Margaret H. Williams presents a selection of studies, most of them epigraphically based, on the Jewish Diaspora in Graeco-Roman antiquity. Those collected in the first part deal with problems connected with the Jewish community in Rome, its history, organisation and burial practices. The papers in the second part are mainly concerned with other Jewish settlements in the Roman Empire, most notably those of Aphrodisias and Corycus in Asia Minor and Venusia in Italy. The third part focuses entirely on Jewish naming practices such as the use of alternative names, the formation of festal names and the increasing preference in Late Antiquity for Hebrew names. The reception of these studies, previously dispersed over a variety of publications, forms the subject of the over-arching introductory essay. Since the original articles were written, many of the inscriptions have been re-edited in new corpora. References to these are systematically included in this volume.
Hellenistic poetry in context
Jewish cult and Hellenistic culture : essays on the Jewish encounter with Hellenism and Roman rule
Alexandria, third century BC : the knowledge of the world in a single city
A history of the Hellenistic world provides a new, authoritative account of the period following the reign of Alexander the Great. With clear narration and extensive documentation, the book explains the highly complex political history of the Hellenistic period. The text throughly explores each region of the Hellenistic world, emphasizing the political metamorphosis of Greek society under the impact of Macedonian expansion. It highlights the evolving relationship between Greek city-states and the new monarchies and traces the Macedonian roots of the creation of the Hellenistic world while examining the development of new Hellenistic period, especially on Roman expansion and on Late Antiquity.
Gregory of Nazianzus : images and reflections
Cultural responses to the Persian Wars : antiquity to the third millennium
The Ara Pacis Augustae and the imagery of abundance in later Greek and early Roman imperial art
Early christianity and Greek paideia
Coinage is one of our key sources for the rich and fascinating history of the Hellenistic world (323-31 BC). This book provides students of the period with an up-to-date introduction to Hellenistic gold, silver and bronze coins in their cultural and economic contexts. It also offers new perspectives on four major themes in contemporary Hellenistic history: globalisation, identity, political economy and ideology. With more than 250 illustrations, and written in a lucid and accessible style, this book sheds new light on the diverse and multicultural societies of the Hellenistic world, from Alexander to Augustus. The author assumes no prior knowledge of Hellenistic history, and all Greek and Latin texts are translated throughout.
The Old Testament library. Jewish wisdom in the Hellenistic age
The Jewish dialogue with Greece and Rome : studies in cultural and social interaction
Pindar's library : performance poetry and material texts
Alexander to Actium : the historical evolution of the hellenistic age
Ancient Judaism in its Hellenistic context
Seeking the favor of god, 2. Volume 2, The development of penitential prayer in Second Temple Judaism
The stoics
Anatolia : land, men, and Gods in Asia Minor. Vol. 1, The Celts in Anatolia and the impact of Roman rule
Hellenism in the East : studies on Greek intellectuals in Palestine
Belonging and isolation in the Hellenistic world
The history of philosophy. [2], The Hellenistic and Roman age
Hellenistic constructs : essays in culture, history, and historiography
The Hellenistic period began with the considerable expansion of the Greek world and ended with Rome becoming the predominant political force in the world. Michel Austin provides a panoramic view of this world through the medium of ancient sources and reference to recent scholarship.
Greeks and barbarians
Memory as history : the legacy of Alexander in Asia
Greek fiction : the Greek novel in context
Histories
Post-Hellenistic philosophy : a study of its development from the Stoics to Origen
History of the Hellenic world. [2], The archaic period [to 1100 B.C.]
Caesar and Christ : a history of Roman civilization and of Christianity from their beginnings to A.D. 325
The Oxford history of Greece and the hellenistic world
Alexander in Africa
Traveller's guide to classical philosophy
The culture of Kitharôidia
Poetry as window and mirror : positioning the poet in Hellenistic poetry
Pindar's library' is the first volume to explore how readers during the Hellenistic period encountered Pindar's poetry in book form, analysing in detail the role played by Pindar's literary, cultic, and scholarly reception in affecting readers' engagement with his epinician odes. The volume examines the poet's literary devices of encomiastic techniques, mythical narratives, and paraenetic discourses against the background of the song culture of the fifth century, considering the poems as both material documents and performance pieces. With a particular focus on the poems that begin and end the Olympian and Pythian books, the volume considers the continuities between reading and attending performances, highlighting elements of readers' experiences distinctive to Hellenistic culture. It also investigates the issue of quotations of poets in ancient commentaries, and how such citations influenced readers' understanding of intertextual relationships.0Throughout the volume, the relations between Pindar's epinicians and the contextual factors that influence their reception are seen in dialogic terms: as well as exerting a powerful influence over subsequent literature, the poems are also recontextualized in ways that shift and extend their cultural significance.
The Greco-Roman East : politics, culture, society
In the footsteps of Alexander the Great : a journey from Greece to Asia
Egypt and the limits of Hellenism
Philo of Alexandria : an exegete for his time
Bilingual notaries in Hellenistic Egypt : a study of Greek as a second language
The making of Roman India
The social & economic history of the Hellenistic world. Vol. 1
The Cambridge companion to the Hellenistic world
From Alexander to Cleopatra : the Hellenistic world
Arche : a collection of patristic studies
Hellenistic poetry and art
The social and economic history of the Hellenistic world
The social and economic history of the Hellenistic world. 3
The rhetoric of interruption : speech-making, turn-taking, and rule-breaking in Luke-Acts and ancient Greek narrative
The Alexandrian Library, glory of the Hellenic world : its rise, antiquities, and destructions
War, food, and politics in early Hellenistic Athens
Alexander's gate, Gog and Magog, and the inclosed nations
Rather than viewing the Graeco-Roman world as the "background" against which early Christian texts should be read, Abraham J. Malherbe saw the ancient Mediterranean world as a rich ecology of diverse intellectual traditions that interacted within specific social contexts. These essays, spanning over fifty years, illustrate Malherbe's appreciation of the complexities of this ecology and what is required to explore philological and conceptual connections between early Christian writers, especially Paul and Athenagoras, and their literary counterparts who participated in the religious and philosophical discourse of the wider culture. Malherbe's essays laid the groundwork for his magisterial commentary on the Thessalonian correspondence and launched the contemporary study of Hellenistic moral philosophy and early Christianity.
Faces of Hellenism : studies in the history of the Eastern Mediterranean (4th century B.C.-5th century A.D.)
History of the Hellenic world. [1], Prehistory and protohistory [to 1100 B.C.]
A history of the Greek world from 323 to 146 B.C
Before the God in this place for good remembrance : a comparative analysis of the Aramaic votive inscriptions from Mount Gerizim
The apostolic and post-apostolic times
Divine men and women in the history and society of late Hellenism
The New Testament in its Hellenistic context : proceedings of a Nordic Conference of New Testament Scholars, held in Skálholt = af norrænu þingi nýjatestamentisfræđinga í Skálholti
Judaism and Hellenism : studies in the encounter in Palestine during the early Hellenistic period
Cytherica : aesthetic-political essays in an aphrodisian key
Hellenistic Athens : an historical essay
Christianity and Hellenism in the fifth-century Greek east : Theodoret's apologetics against the Greeks in context
To today's confrontations between religion and science Jovanovic contrasts the vibrant collaboration that characterizes Jewish, Christian, and Islamic beginnings. Designation of the patriarch Joseph as both a dream interpreter and a diviner (Gen. 44.4, 15) is a specific example of biblical appropriation of the ancient Mediterranean understanding of cup divination and dream interpretation as among the scientific activities of its social, spiritual and academic elite. Jovanovic argues that the image of Joseph as a Hellenistic scientist nourished the popularity of early Jewish and Christian literature on Joseph. The works of Josephus and Philo, Rabbinic midrashim, and the newly discovered The Ethiopic Story of Joseph, as well as Jubilees, The Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and Joseph and Aseneth, hold that Joseph's profession was that of a scientist of vision. The interpretation of the symbolic images in dreams and cup divination was a scientific method of communication with the divine and of prediction of the future, which Jovanovic calls revelation by visual effects. Joseph's image as an Egyptian academic provoked varied responses in Hellenistic Jewish circles. The dismay expressed by Jubilees and Philo arose from Joseph's perceived betrayal of religious and traditional values. The acclamation of Josephus and The Ethiopic Story of Joseph demonstrates that a number of Hellenistic Jews believed that their creative integration into the vibrant Hellenistic culture could be successful and deepen their own Jewish identity. While previous scholarship has focused on representations of Joseph either as an ethical model or as a type of Christ, this is the first major work that explores the image of Joseph as an ancient scholar and spiritual expert.
Hellenic religion and Christianization, c. 370-529
Panorama of world art : Art of grete, mycenae ..
The art of Dura-Europos
The Hellenistic monarchies : selected papers
Hellenistic sculpture. 3, The styles of ca.100-31 B.C
Imagination of a monarchy : studies in Ptolemaic propaganda
Survey of rock-cut chamber-tombs in Caria. Part 2, Central Caria
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 7, pt. 1, The Hellenistic world
Egypt from Alexander the Great to the Arab conquest : a study in the diffusion and decay of Hellenism : being the Gregynog lectures for 1946
Latin and especially Greek texts of the imperial period contain a wealth of references to 'India'. Professor Parker offers a survey of such texts, read against a wide range of other sources, both archaeological and documentary. He emphasises the social processes whereby the notion of India gained its exotic features, including the role of the Persian empire and of Alexander's expedition. Three kinds of social context receive special attention: the trade in luxury commodities; the political discourse of empire and its limits; and India's status as a place of special knowledge, embodied in 'naked philosophers'. Roman ideas about India ranged from the specific and concrete to the wildly fantastic and the book attempts to account for such variety. It ends by considering the afterlife of such ideas into late antiquity and beyond.
Delphi and Olympia : the spatial politics of Panhellenism in the archaic and classical periods
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 7, P. 1, The Hellenistic world
An authoritative and accessible study of the foundations, development, and enduring legacy of the cultures of Greece and Rome, centered on ten locations of seminal importance in the development of Classical civilization. Starting with Troy—where history, myth and cosmology fuse to form the origins of Classical civilization—Nigel Spivey explores the contrasting politics of Athens and Sparta, the diffusion of Classical ideals across the Mediterranean world, science and philosophy, the eastward export of Greek culture with the conquests of Alexander the Great, the power and spread of the Roman imperium, and the long Byzantine twilight of Antiquity.
Early Hellenistic coinage : from the accession of Alexander to the Peace of Apamea (336-188 B.C.)
Religion in Hellenistic Athens
Judah between East and West : the transition from Persian to Greek rule (ca. 400-200 BCE) : a conference held at Tel Aviv University, 17-19 April 2007 sponsored by the ASG (the Academic Study Group for Israel and the Middle East) and Tel Aviv University
Istoria tou Buzantiou = History of Byzantium. Tomos 3, Ē Usterē Buzantinē autokratoria kai o Mesaiōnikos Ellēnismos (1025-1461 m.Kh.) = The Later Byzantine Empire and Medieval Hellenism (A.D. 1025-1461)
The social world of the first Christians
The New Testament and Hellenistic Judaism
In a 1988 conference, American and British scholars unexpectedly discovered that their ideas were converging in ways that formed a new picture of the variegated Hellenistic mosaic. That picture emerges in these essays and eloquently displays the breadth of modern interest in the Hellenistic Age. A distrust of all ideologies has altered old views of ancient political structures, and feminism has also changed earlier assessments. The current emphasis on multiculturalism has consciously deemphasized the Western, Greco-Roman tradition, and Nubians, Bactrians, and other subject peoples of the time are receiving attention in their own right, not just as recipients of Greco-Roman culture.
Judaism and Hellenism reconsidered
Hellenism : the history of a civilization
Porphyry, a native of Phoenicia educated in Athens and Rome during the third century AD, was one of the most important Platonic philosophers of his age. In this book, Professor Johnson rejects the prevailing modern approach to his thought, which has posited an early stage dominated by 'Oriental' superstition and irrationality followed by a second rationalizing or Hellenizing phase consequent upon his move west and exposure to Neoplatonism. Based on a careful treatment of all the relevant remains of Porphyry's originally vast corpus (much of which now survives only in fragments), he argues for a complex unity of thought in terms of philosophical translation. The book explores this philosopher's critical engagement with the processes of Hellenism in late antiquity. It provides the first comprehensive examination of all the strands of Porphyry's thought that lie at the intersection of religion, theology, ethnicity and culture.
Ancient Greece and the Near East
Humanism : the Greek ideal and its survival
Joseph of Genesis as Hellenistic scientist
Greece and Babylon : a comparative sketch of Mesopotamian, Anatolian and Hellenic religions
Fair Greece sad relic : literary philhellenism from Shakespeare to Byron
This is the first comprehensive study of the history of Asia Minor in antiquity to be written for nearly fifty years and the first attempt to treat Anatolian history as a whole over the millennium from the time of Alexander the Great to the hey day of the Byzantine Empire. The first volume is in two parts. The first examines the region in the Hellenistic period, when it was dominated by Celtic tribes who settled in the interior of Asia Minor in the first half of the third century BC. The second covers the period of the Roman Empire and looks in detail at the changes brought about by imperial rule. Two relationships dominated every aspect of Asia Minor's history throughout the period: that of the people to the land and that of men to the gods. An enormous quantity of information derived from written sources, archaeological remains, inscriptions, and coins make it possible to explore these relationships at a level of detail which is hardly possible for any other part of the ancient world. Both themes have a significance which reached far beyond the boundaries of Anatolia.
The Oxford history of Greece and the Hellenistic world
Classical philosophy : collected papers. 8, Hellenistic philosophy
On the Greek style : selected essays in poetry and Hellenism
Placing modern Greece : the dynamics of Romantic Hellenism, 1770-1840
Greece - Uzbekistan : common cultural traditions : catalogue of the exhibition of ancient artefacts from the collection of the Fine Arts Scientific Research Institute of the Academy of Fine Arts of Uzbekistan
The classical world : the foundations of the West and the enduring legacy of antiquity
Ikaros : the Hellenistic settlements. Vol. 3, The sacred enclosure in the early Hellenistic period : with an appendix on epigraphical finds
Leitourgia papyri : documents on compulsory public service in Egypt under Roman rule
Euripides and tragic theatre in the late fifth century
Greek and Hellenic culture in Joyce
Hellenistic history and culture
Alexandria illustrated
The Cambridge ancient history. Vol. 7, P. 2, The rise of Rome to 220 B.C
The Hellenistic world : new perspectives
Mutations of Hellenism in late antiquity
Conventional values of the Hellenistic Greeks
By the same word : creation and salvation in Hellenistic Judaism and early Christianity
Religion and identity in Porphyry of Tyre : the limits of Hellenism in late antiquity
The social and economic history of the Hellenistic world. 2
An Ancient Greek Computer
Macedonia and Greece : the struggle to define a new Balkan nation
