http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16967 childlessness
childlessness
Before I was yours
Finnish yearbook of population research. XLIX, 2014
The proposition
Finnish yearbook of population research. 45, 2010
Something to hide
Japan: the childless society? : the crisis of motherhood
Ghost children
A baby at last! : the couple’s complete guide to getting pregnant from cutting-edge treatments to commonsense wisdom
Ageing without children : European and Asian perspectives
The couple's guide to in vitro fertilization : everything you need to know to maximize your chances of succes
Mutations at the mitochondrial DNA polymerase (POLG) locus associated with male infertility
The nanny goat's kid
Get a life : his & hers survival guide to IVF
Oocyte donation in the treatment of infertility
The stork and the syringe : a political history of reproductive medicine
Summary.
Secrets of the sea
Creating a life : professional women and the quest for children
Infertility and patriarchy : the cultural politics of gender and family life in Egypt
I can barely take care of myself : tales from a happy life without kids
Infertility following pelvic inflammatory disease
It's the little things
The normal chaos of love
Infertility and its treatment : association with ovarian granulosa cell tumour and impact on vascular endothelial growth factor, leptin and selected tumour markers in serum
Childless by choice : a feminist anthology
Infertility
This is the complete guide to getting pregnant and improving fertility naturally -- even if you've been told your chances of conception are low. A nationally renowned women's health and fertility expert, Aimee Raupp has helped thousands of women optimize their fertility and get pregnant. Now, in this book, she provides her complete program for improving your chances of conceiving and overcoming infertility, including the most effective complementary and lifestyle approaches, the latest nutritional advice, and ways to prepare yourself emotionally and spiritually.
Pieces of you
Using data from Eurobarometer Surveys 2001-2011 we examine trends and correlates of childlessness intentions and ideals across Europe over the past decade. We distinguish childlessness as a personal preference (personal ideal number of children is zero) from intended childlessness (intention to have no children) as these reflect somewhat different dimensions of childlessness as a conscious decision. We find that, on average, childlessness as a personal preference is relatively rare in Europe, although in some western European countries a sizeable proportion of young adults express a desire to have no children. Intentional childlessness is slightly more common than ideal childlessness is, since about 11% of currently childless young adults aged 18 to 40 years in Europe intend to have no children. We analyse factors related to childlessness intentions and ideals on the individual and country levels. A weaker individual socioeconomic position influences the intention to remain childless through various channels, such as unemployment or low socioeconomic status. Associations between individual's social position and ideal childlessness are less clear. Results also indicate that macro-economic conditions do not have a direct impact on intentional childlessness, whereas a higher prevalence of traditional family values in a country is related to a lower likelihood of individuals considering childlessness to be their ideal family form.
Olds' maternal-newborn nursing & women's health across the lifespan
Carpe fucking diem
The secrets of married women
The developing father : emerging roles in contemporary society
Quest for conception : gender, infertility, and Egyptian medical traditions
Transition to parenthood
Coping with infertility : clinically proven ways of managing the emotional roller coaster
Epidemiological and clinical studies on the etiology of infertility
Hedelmöityshoidot 2009-2010 = Assisterad befruktning 2009-2010 = Assisted fertility treatments 2009-2010
Suffer the little children
The odd life of Timothy Green
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with The Corrigan poems
Childlessness Intentions and Ideals in Europe
Voluntary or Involuntary Childlessness? Socio-Demographic Factors and Childlessness Intentions among Childless Finnish Men and Women aged 25-44
Childless by choice? : ambivalence and the female identity
Hedelmöityshoidot 2011-2012 : Assisterad befruktning 2011-2012 = Assisted fertility treatments 2011-2012
Adopting after infertility : messages from practice, research and personal experience
ivf an emotional companion
Mixed blessings
A perfect match
Improving Outcomes for Breast Cancer Survivors : Perspectives on Research Challenges and Opportunities
The snow child
Once more with feeling
How many people are involuntarely childless?
Tell me something
Good people : a novel
Intrauterine insemination (IUI) treatment in subfertility
When IVF fails : feminism, infertility, and the negotiation of normality
Counselling and communication in health care
The study investigates parental child rearing methods, structural factors relating to the family during adolescence geographic segregation, individual resource deficits and social background of first time late live births among 32 to 37 years old women and compare to teenagers before becoming teenage mothers. The purpose is to study if results will be consistent with the hypotheses that poverty, social deprivation during adolescence and low education are causes of teen childbearing but also childlessness among elder women in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Could childlessness as well as teenage motherhood bee seen as a consequence of social deprivation and lack of educational possibilities? A discrete-time proportional hazard Cox model is applied to analyze the longitudinal observations of population-based registers covering 1980-2003 for girls born in 1966. Results show a significant economic and social gradient for first-time teenage mothers. Teenagers who had experienced family separation or who were formerly in out-of-home care in particular had an increased risk of early childbearing. Results showed that teenage mothers were in every respect in a more disadvantaged position than pregnant teenagers who had an induced abortion. Quite the opposite pattern is disclosed for late motherhood. Late first time childbirth is more commonly seen among women with a better family background and educated position than childless women in the same age group. The late first-time pregnant women who chose abortion are in a more disadvantaged position than the women who become a mother for the first time in the age group 32 to 37 years old. Conclusion: Disadvantage during adolescence is a precursor for teenage child bearing while parental unemployment and poverty are precursors of lifetime childlessness. While social disadvantage is a precursor for first time late abortion among 32 to 37 years old women, the teenage mothers are in a more disadvantage position than teenagers who choose induced abortions. Social disadvantages inflict at the same time early motherhood and childlessness because social disadvantages influence young women differently than elder women. .
Mind, body, baby : how to overcome stress & enhance your fertility with CBT, mindfulness & good nutrition
This is where I leave you
Introductory maternal-newborn nursing
In contemporary Western society, people are more often called upon to justify the choice not to have children than they are to supply reasons for having them. In this book, Christine Overall maintains that the burden of proof should be reversed: that the choice to have children calls for more careful justification and reasoning than the choice not to. Arguing that the choice to have children is not just a prudential or pragmatic decision but one with ethical repercussions, Overall offers a wide-ranging exploration of how we might think systematically and deeply about this fundamental aspect of human life. Writing from a feminist perspective, she also acknowledges the inevitably gendered nature of the decision; although both men and women must ponder the issue, the choice has different meanings, implications, and risks for women than it has for men. Overall considers a series of ethical perspectives on procreation, examining approaches that rely on reproductive rights; on fundamental religious, family, or political values; and on the anticipated consequences of the decision for both individuals and society. She examines some of the broader issues relevant to the decision, including population growth, resource depletion, and social policies governing reproduction. Finding the usual approaches to the question inadequate or incomplete, she offers instead a novel argument. Exploring the nature of the biological parent-child relationship--which is not only genetic but also psychological, physical, intellectual, and moral--she argues that the formation of that relationship is the best possible reason for choosing to have a child.
Sing you home
Infertility in practice
Trying to conceive  : true stories of how couples overcame infertility
Baby hunger : the new battle for motherhood
Women, motherhood and childrearing
Foundations of maternal-newborn and women  ́s health nursing
The two week wait
Prevalence and socio-demographic determinants of infertility, success of infertility treatments and health of treated women
Otherhood : modern women finding a new kind of happiness
Lifetime childlessness is expected to increase in the future. Recent research suggests that also voluntary childlessness in increasing among young adults. As childbearing decisions are increasingly based on individual preferences and choices it is believed that also those who do not favor family life with children can now more freely express their preferences. This study aims to investigate the prevalence of voluntary childlessness among Finnish young adults and factors associated with it. Data come from Finnish Social Relationships and Well-being Survey, conducted in 2008 among 25-44-year-old childless or one-child men and women. This study focuses on childless respondents (N=1244). Two types of intentional childlessness are distinguished. Persons are classified as voluntarily childless if they do not intend to have children and prefer life without children. Those, who also have no intentions to have children, but whose personal ideal number of children is above zero are defined as persons who have relinquished parenthood intentions. Childhood characteristics are found to predict voluntary childlessness more, while socioeconomic circumstances and lack of a suitable partner explain relinquished parenthood intentions. Respondents personal accounts on the reasons behind their childbearing choices support the findings from multivariate analyses. .
Factors affecting the outcome of IVF/ICSI
Pride and joy : the lives and passions of women without children
Elina Brotherus : carpe fucking diem
Voluntarily childless couples : the emergence of a variant lifestyle
Outcome of singleton pregnancy after assisted reproductive treatment
Why have children? : the ethical debate
The complete guide to IVF : an insider's guide to fertility clinics and treatments
Early and late motherhood : economic, family background and social conditions
Yes, you can get pregnant : natural ways to improve your fertility now & into your 40s
Sexual health promotion
The lay of Aotrou and Itroun : together with the corrigan poems
As couples marry and society evolves, a new generation of families is answering important questions pondered by professionals and couples alike. When should we have children? How many children should we have? What if we can't conceive? When is adoption an option? Can we--should we--fulfill what is expected of us? A comprehensive, multidisciplinary handbook boasting findings across traditional areas of study, Transition to Parenthood brings the contemporary family into clear, useful focus. Its expert coverage tracks current trends in family structures, roles, and dynamics, and explores the impact of individual members and the environment on the family unit. A variety of perspectives (e.g., ecological, life course, TPEX) are presented to best apply to clinical understanding, and the book considers topics as varied as the social class factor in women's fertility, patterns of relationship maintenance, and teaching children about money. And contrary to some schools of thought, the authors argue that macro and micro theories of families must be considered in combination for optimal results. Included in the coverage: A history of fertility in America. The family: diversity and demographics. Childlessness, voluntary and involuntary. The cost of raising a child. Maintaining your relationship across and after the transition to parenthood. Parenting programs and program evaluations. Navigating the transition to parenthood with a child with special needs. Fresh in approach and accessibly written, Transition to Parenthood will be a core reference for a variety of professionals, including family sociologists, family therapists, developmental psychologists, social workers, and counselors.
The childless marriage : an exploratory study of couples who do not want children
Break in case of emergency
Christian couples coping with childlessness : narratives from Machame, Kilimanjaro
The saving graces
Women without children : nurturing lives
Reconceiving women : separating motherhood from female identity
Childlessness and the skewed regional sex ratios in Finland
Astonishing splashes of colour
The childless revolution : [what it means to be childless today]
Selfish, shallow, and self-absorbed : sixteen writers on the decision not to have kids
How to break your own heart
Yearbook of population research in Finland. XLI, 2005
Reproductive health : women and men's shared responsibility
Unwomanly conduct : the challenges of intentional childlessness
Motherhood is a central fact of many women's lives. Despite this, relatively little has been written about how maternity and childcare affect women's lives. This book looks at the relationship between women's identity and the capacity for motherhood. It examines the changing social and economic conditions in which women become mothers or, in fewer cases, do not have children; the opportunities women have to control their own fertility and the implications of 'new' reproductive technologies. This book brings together a wide range of topics, as well as considering some of the contradictions and neglected questions in feminist thinking about reproduction and childrearing.
Living life unexpected : 12 weeks to your plan B for a meaningful and fulfilling future without children
Infertility : the essential guide
Motherhood and infertility in Ireland : understanding the presence of absence
"Three letters to a child" : producing a documentary film with mid-range technology
The most fertile man in Ireland
The complete guide to IVF  : an insider's guide to fertility clinics and treatments
Maternal-newborn nursing
Comparison of danazol and high-dose medroxyprogesterone acetate for the management of endometriosis genitals externa
The light between oceans
Donor conception : a guide for people who are considering treatments or already have a donor-conceived child
In collaboration with the Breast Cancer Research Foundation (BCRF), this timely volume provides a comprehensive review on all areas of breast cancer survivorship research, highlighting research that is underway or in development. The range of topics covered include the biology and management of fatigue and cognitive dysfunction on breast cancer survivorship, the biology and management of Neuropathy and Arthralgias, the ongoing research on the biology of diet and lifestyle interventions in survivors, and more. With the tremendous growth in the number of breast cancer survivors, researchers have moved beyond describing the outcomes of breast cancer treatments and are focusing their research on understanding the mechanisms underlying the development of the late effects of breast cancer treatment, as well as the development and evaluation of interventions to mitigate some of the persistent symptomstopics which are also explored in this volume. In addition, current research on how to improve survivorship and reduce recurrence of breast cancer through behavioral and lifestyle modifications is also discussed.
The house of hidden mothers
Lost dogs and lonely hearts
Prenatal representations predicting parent-child relationship in transition to parenthood : risk and family dynamics considerations
Baby proof
