http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16983 soft drinks
soft drinks
For God, country & Coca-Cola : the definitive history of the world's most popular soft drink
Belching out the devil : [global adventures with Coca-Cola]
Packaging of carbonated beverages
Coca-Cola collectibles : The new compact study quode and idetifier
Schools as oral health promoters : evaluation of national sweet selling recommendation and oral health education material
Caffeinated : how our daily habit helps, hooks and hurts us
I'd like the world to buy a coke : the life and leadership of Roberto Goizueta
A history of the world in six glasses
English summary.
Marketing research for Coca-Cola Thailand Limited : implementation of Fanta Free in Thailand
An overview of the beverage companies of Bangladesh and Finland
A simple shrub is made from fruit, sugar, and ... vinegar? Raise your glass to a surprising new taste sensation for cocktails and sophisticated sodas: Shrubs. Not the kind that grow in the ground, but a vintage drink mixer that will knock your socks off. "Mixologists across the country are reaching back through the centuries to reclaim vinegar's more palatable past...embracing it as 'the other acid,' an alternative to the same-old-same-old lemons and limes," said the New York Times. The history of shrubs, as revealed here, is as fascinating as the drinks are refreshing. These sharp and tangy infusions are simple to make and use, as you'll discover with these recipes. Mix up some Red Currant Shrub for a Vermouth Cassis, or Apple Cinnamon Shrub to mix with seltzer, or develop your own with Michael Dietsch's directions and step-by-step photographs.
The wonderful world of Coca-Cola
A pre-study of the operational performance indication system for beverage processes
Plants for man
For God, country and Coca-cola : the unauthorized history of the great American soft drink and the company that makes it
Carbonated beverages industry : inspection manual
Shrubs : an old-fashioned drink for modern times
Coca-Cola collectibles : the new compact study guide and identifier
Tea ; a perfect brew
Citizen Coke : the making of Coca-Cola capitalism
Transnational corporations in food and beverage processing
Soft drink consumption situations
Beverages in nutrition and health
The real thing : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
Carbonated soft drinks : formulation and manufacture
The real Coke, the real story
True brews : how to craft fermented beer, wine, cider, sake, soda, kefir, and kombucha at home
Schweppes : the first 200 years
Market domination! : the impact of industry consolidation on competition, innovation, and consumer choice
A study of the evolution of concentration in the beverages industry for the United Kingdom. 2, The distribution of alcoholic and soft drinks
Food science
Encyclopedia of junk food and fast food
Belching out the devil
Coca-cola : a collector's guide to new and vintage coca-cola memorabilia
The good water guide : the world's best bottled waters
A secret history of coffee, coca & cola
Competition and concentration : the economics of the carbonated soft drink industry
Pop : truth and power at the Coca-Cola company
Soft drinks : their origins and history
Soda pop : the history, advertising, art and memorabilia of soft drinks in America
Sport drink studies with an animal model : special reference to dental caries and erosion
"An accessible homebrew guide for alcoholic and non-alcoholic fermented drinks, including beer, mead, soda, kefir, kombucha, hard cider, sake, and fruit wines"--Provided by publisher.
Improving Sales Promotion of a Beverage Company in Nigeria
Liquidator. The brand-new, delicious and wildly popular energy drink. For those who wanna win! The company that makes it is set to earn a fortune, with its global launch climaxing at an international rock concert that will shake the planet. The only problem? An innocent child is dying. Meet Vicky and her class-mates: their work experience is about to spin totally out of control as they uncover a secret that could change the world. And put them all in mortal danger...
Beverages : technology, chemistry and microbiology
Alicyclobacıllus : thermophilic acidophilic bacilli
The pocket guide to non-alcoholic drinks
For God, country and Coca-Cola : the unauthorized history of the great American soft drink and the company that makes it
Seasonality in dynamic regression models : an application to the aggregate demand for beverages
Coca-globalization : following soft drinks from New York to New Guinea
Fortified and soft drinks
