http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1698 conscription
conscription
The international human right to freedom of conscience : some suggestions for its development and application
The will to defend : a Nordic divide over security and defence policy
Has civilian service become punitive in character since the changes to the terms of military service in Finland?
The debate on gender equality within the armed forces : a case study of Finland
Constitution, conscription and conscientious objection in Finland
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Swedish summary - Sammanfattning.
Equal democracies? : gender and politics in the Nordic countries
A nation in barracks : modern Germany, military conscription, and civil society
German military reform and European security
Defence of Finland in One Hour
Swedish summary. - Sammanfattning.
To draft or not to draft? : inefficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
Service in the Roman army
The economic costs and the political allure of conscription
The changing face of European conscription
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
Child soldiers : the role of children in armed conflict
Militarizing men : gender, conscription, and war in post-Soviet Russia
Military draft and economic growth in OECD countries
The comparative study of conscription in the armed forces
Summary.
Expected adjustment of basic trainees in the Finnish defence forces
Conscientious objectors of the First World War : a determined resistance
The right of youth to alternative service
The soldier and the state : the theory and politics of civil-military relations
General Conscription in an EU Country After 2008? : population's and conscripts' attitudes in Finland
Multi-ethnic empires and the military : conscription in Europe between integration and desintegration, 1860-1918
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
Soldiering and the making of Finnish manhood : conscription and masculinity in interwar Finland, 1918-1939
Youth and conscription
Conscientious objection as a national right and an international obligation
The German case
Conscription : economic costs and political allure
Manhood and the making of the military : conscription, military service and masculinity in Finland, 1917-39
Conscientious objection to military service : rep. prep. in pursuance of resolutions 14 (XXXIV) and 1982/30 of the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
