http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16991 women
women
Hush Hush
The hating game
Italian for beginners
Dangerous intersections : feminism, population and the environment
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
A house with no windows : a novel
Towards a women's agenda for a culture of peace
Death of an Irish diva
"You have lipstick on your teeth" : and Other Things You'll Hear from Your Friends in the Powder Room
Europe for women, women for Europe
In this challenging book, Kim Chernin argues that our society's increasing demand that women should be thin is no accident of fashion but has a political meaning. It is, she insists, an unrecognised aspect of male-imposed image of the child-woman, and the threat to male culture that a mature woman, and a mature woman's body, represent. When we starve ourselves, she reflects, or stuff ourselves with food, we reverse problem and solution: we need to understand not only that dieting may be dangerous to our health, but that it may also represent giving up on to our health, but that it may also represent giving up on the attempt to change the patriarchy which denies us the right to grow.
Midwest farmer's daughter
The price of salt
"Set in Cedar Cove's charming Rose Harbor Inn, Debbie Macomber's captivating new novel follows innkeeper Jo Marie and two new guests as they seek healing and comfort, revealing that every cloud has a silver lining, even when it seems difficult to find.  Since opening the Rose Harbor Inn, Jo Marie Rose has grown close to her handyman, Mark Taylor. Jo Marie and Mark are good friends--and are becoming something more--yet he still won't reveal anything about his past. When Mark tells her that he's moving out of town, Jo Marie is baffled. Just when she is starting to open herself up again to love, she feels once more that she is losing the man she cares about. And as she discovers the secret behind Mark's decision to leave, she welcomes two visitors also seeking their own answers.  Best friends Kellie Crenshaw and Katie Gilroy have returned to Cedar Cove for their ten-year high school reunion, looking to face down old hurts and find a sense of closure. Kellie, known as Coco, wants to finally confront the boy who callously broke her heart. Katie, however, wishes to reconnect with her old boyfriend, James--the man she still loves and the one who got away. As Katie hopes for a second chance, Coco discovers that people can change--and both look to the exciting possibilities ahead.  Heartwarming and uplifting, Silver Linings is a beautiful novel of letting go of the past and embracing the unexpected"--
The hormone cure : reclaim balance, sleep, sex drive, and vitality naturally with the Gottfried protocol
Heartless
The Rook
Everything you ever wanted : a memoir
It was only ever you
The ladies of the Cumberland Scrapbook Crop are welcoming an eccentric newbie into their fold. A self-proclaimed witch, Cookie Crandall can whip up a sumptuous vegan meal and rhapsodize about runes and moon phases with equal aplomb. She becomes fast friends with her fellow scrapbookers, including freelance reporter Annie, with whom she shares shallow roots in a community of established family trees. So when Cookie becomes the prime suspect in a series of bizarre murders, the croppers get scrappy and set out to clear her name.
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Bad Girls Throughout History features some of the fiercest women of all time - the famous, the infamous, and the ones you haven't even heard of yet. Explore the notable works, impressive feats, and striking portraits of these wild women from around the globe who challenged the status quo.
Tragic story of Lily Bart, a beautiful young lady caught up in the glittering but shallow and corrupt world of New York society at the turn of the 20th century.
Shooting at the stars
So that you know me : an anthology of Pakistani women writers
The Avalon ladies scrapbooking society : a novel
Edge of midnight
The rules of life
The story of three women whose friendship will change their lives forever.
Lilith was born into slavery on a Jamaican sugar plantation at the end of the eighteenth century. Even at her birth, the slave women around her recognize a dark power that they--and she--will come to both revere and fear. The Night Women, as they call themselves, have long been plotting a slave revolt, and as Lilith comes of age and reveals the extent of her power, they see her as the key to their plans. But when she begins to understand her own feelings and desires and identity, Lilith starts to push at the edges of what is imaginable for the life of a slave woman in Jamaica, and risks becoming the conspiracy's weak link.
Daisy in chains
A language barrier is no match for love. Lauren Collins discovered this firsthand when, in her early thirties, she moved to London and fell for a Frenchman named Olivier--a surprising turn of events for someone who didn't have a passport until she was in college. But what does it mean to love someone in a second language? Collins wonders, as her relationship with Olivier continues to grow entirely in English. Are there things she doesn't understand about Olivier, having never spoken to him in his native tongue? Does "I love you" even mean the same thing as "je t'aime"? When the couple, newly married, relocates to Francophone Geneva, Collins--fearful of one day becoming "a Borat of a mother" who doesn't understand her own kids--decides to answer her questions for herself by learning French.  When in Frenchis a laugh-out-loud funny and surprising memoir about the lengths we go to for love, as well as an exploration across culture and history into how we learn languages--and what they say about who we are. Collins grapples with the complexities of the French language, enduring excruciating role-playing games with her classmates at a Swiss language school and accidently telling her mother-in-law that she's given birth to a coffee machine. In learning French, Collins must wrestle with the very nature of French identity and society--which, it turns out, is a far cry from life back home in North Carolina. Plumbing the mysterious depths of humanity's many forms of language, Collins describes with great style and wicked humor the frustrations, embarrassments, surprises, and, finally, joys of learning--and living in--French -
I'll be right there : a novel
The female of the species : tales of mystery and suspense
Feminist perspectives on land law
Leaving abusive partners : from the scars of survival to the wisdom for change
The siren
Women's visions : theological reflection, celebration, action
The second Mrs Darcy
Applying of   Emotional Intelligence in the Workplace:Success Strategies for Russian Female Leaders in Finland
King of morning, queen of day
The regional office is under attack!
Loneliness among elderly widows and it’s effect on their mental well being : Literature review
Murder on wheels
Vagina : a new biography
Strong curves : a woman's guide to building a better butt and body
Planning, implementation and evaluation of a team-building programme in a female youth football team : an action research case study
"If the slipper fits, you wear it, whore" : the construction of female gender in Amanda Palmer's lyrics (1995-2009)
Breaking from traditional studies of women that focus on how women differ from men or use psychotherapy clients as research subjects, this book examines how "normal" women forge their individual identities. Presenting the stories of ordinary women who were interviewed first as college students and then 12 years later, living with the choices they made, the author shows the subtle yet significant differences in ways women form relationships, raise children, pursue careers and develop values. The author describes four divergent pathways women follow and outlines the choices, challenges and struggles each path presents.
Women transforming communications : global intersections
100 places in Italy every woman should go
Into the dark
Adventures in the Rocky Mountains
The Christie curse
The perfect lie
"#1 New York Times bestseller Harlan Coben delivers his next impossible-to-put-down thriller.  In the course of eight consecutive #1 New York Times bestsellers, millions of readers have discovered Harlan Coben's page-turning thrillers, filled with his trademark edge-of-your-seat suspense and gut-wrenching emotion. In Fool Me Once, Coben once again outdoes himself.  Former special ops pilot Maya, home from the war, sees an unthinkable image captured by her nanny cam while she is at work: her two-year-old daughter playing with Maya's husband, Joe--who had been brutally murdered two weeks earlier. The provocative question at the heart of the mystery: Can you believe everything you see with your own eyes, even when you desperately want to? To find the answer, Maya must finally come to terms with deep secrets and deceit in her own past before she can face the unbelievable truth about her husband--and herself"--
My nine lives : chapters of a possible past
The effect of discrimination on job performance and job satisfaction
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
The hot zone
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
"Only two can keep a secret if one of them is dead. David and Adele seem like the ideal pair. He's a successful psychiatrist, she is his picture-perfect wife who adores him. But why is he so controlling? And why is she keeping things hidden? As Louise, David's new secretary, is drawn into their orbit, she uncovers more puzzling questions than answers. The only thing that is crystal clear is that something in this marriage is very, very wrong. But Louise can't guess how wrong - and how far a person might go to protect their marriage's secrets. "--
Women and national development : the complexities of change
The Macmillan dictionary of women's biography
Spectacles and artist-creators : representation of women through fashion on CD-ROM Ambitious bitch by Marita Liulia
Women and leadership: factors that influence women's career success : female leaders' reflections on their career development and leadership
EFFECTS OF LANGAUGE BARRIER ON THE HEALTH OF AFRICAN IMMIGRANT WOMEN LIVING IN HELSINKI. : A STUDY ON PREVENTION AND PROMOTIONAL TOOLS.
Shades of blue
The days of abandonment
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Congress of secrets
Finding herself : pathways to identity development in women
Muscle co-activation and ground reaction forces during stair walking in old and young women
This thesis concerns feminist sociological analysis of war loss and its consequences as experienced and told by Finnish Karelian war widows of World War 2. They lost their partners and had to leave their homes by force, when Karelia was evacuated twice in 1939\1944. Over 400,000 refugees from this ceded South-Eastern area were permanently resettled elsewhere in Finland. Finnish war widows\2019 telling of history has been missing from academic research, for this the subject has not been investigated prior to this present work. The research material the thesis reports on was gathered in interviews with five Karelian war widows, through examining Karelian life stories in the Finnish Literature Society\2019s Folklore Archive, and also researching war widows\2019 assistance pension letters in the State Treasury.
"On his thirty-fifth birthday, Jake St. Cloud inherits a fortune--and learns the whereabouts of his mysterious half-brother. On her deathbed, Selma St. Cloud revealed that Jake had a sibling, a product of his father's affair. At last, Jake is in a position to track down Alex Rosario and make amends for their father's past neglect. At least, that's the plan. When their initial meeting goes badly, a distraught Jake crashes his car and is sentenced to community work--with Alex as his parole officer. Jake must spend a year helping Angelica Dancer and her daughter, Fancy, at the Dancer Foundation for neglected children. Fancy, scarred within and without by the accident that ended her ballet career, is even less happy with the arrangement than Jake. Yet as they're thrown together, Jake, Alex, Angelica, and Fancy make unexpected connections. And as he unravels the painful truths of his past, Jake realizes that his mother's greatest gift to him lies not in his inheritance, but in the future, and the family, he's slowly piecing together" --
The suffragette scandal
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
Some consequences of women's emancipation
The girl before : a novel
The Italian wife
Daughters of time : an anthology from the history girls
A vision of loveliness
Clio's consciousness raised : new perspectives on the history of women
When in French : love in a second language
Sponsoring in a Finnish Women's Football Club : Case: Pallokissat Kuopio Ry
My lord eternity
Wild by nature : from Siberia to Australia, three years alone in the wilderness on foot
Nutshell : a novel
Mothering justice : working with mothers in criminal and social justice settings
Women of the vine : inside the world of women who make, taste, and enjoy wine
The woman in cabin 10
Fool me once
"A psychological thriller that spins one woman's seemingly good fortune, and another woman's mysterious fate, through a kaleidoscope of duplicity, death, and deception"--
The misadventures of awkward black girl
Dressed to kill
Women of Ireland : a biographic dictionary
A leisure of one's own : a feminist perspective on women's leisure
The international who's who of women 2004
This is a best-selling text for Psychology of Women, Sex and Gender, or Sex Roles undergraduate courses offered by Psychology departments. Known for its engaging, never oversimplified style, Women and Gender features an integrated thematic organization synthesized in the final chapter. The authors, who are well-known, active scholars in the field, offer a feminist perspective - advocating basic equality of women and men socially, economically, and politically - while objectively reporting research findings.
If you could be mine : a novel
Finnish female coaches' career development and perceptions : a case study of six Finnish female coaches
Women artists : 1550-1950
The house of mirth
He's a serial killer. A murderer of young women, all killed in brutal attacks. But despite Hamish Wolfe's conviction, he's always stuck to his story--he's innocent and he's been wrongly imprisoned. And now he wants someone to investigate and, more importantly, to write his story. Maggie Rose is a notorious defense attorney and writer whose specialty is getting convictions overturned. At first, Maggie is reluctant to even acknowledge Hamish's requests to meet, ignoring his letters. But this is a very charismatic and persuasive man, good-looking and intelligent. Eventually even she can't resist his lure...
The hidden face of Afghan women : poetess women of Afghanistan : anthology
Sisters of the revolution : a feminist speculative fiction anthology
Compensative mechanisms among women
The portrait of a lady
Elegy for Eddie
The international who's who of women
Measurements of lower extremity muscle activation on menopausal women
Empowering credit - more than just money : the socio-economic impact of micro-finance on women in Nairobi, Kenya
Women and the environment
A year at the star and sixpence
Everything you want me to be
Uninvited study guide : living loved when you feel less than, left out, and lonely
The rain before it falls
In transit : hidden directions
Women's ice hockey in Estonia
MEMORY HEALTH PROMOTION: MIDDLE AGED WOMEN`S MOTIVATION FOR PHYSICAL EXERCISE TOWARDS CHANGING THEIR LIVING HABIT.
No longer a gentleman
Telling absence : war widows, loss and memory
Purple for sky
Danger Girl : the ultimate collection
The red and the green
Christmas at Twilight
A woman's guide to sex
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Magic breaks
Famous last words
Ladies in armour : a phenomenological investigation of experiences of highly skilled Finnish female kendo athletes
Fear of flying
Scrapped
The sleeping dictionary
Women and gender : a feminist psychology
"Aurora Teagarden is basking in the news of her pregnancy when disaster strikes her small Georgia town: four kids vanish from the school soccer field in an afternoon. Aurora's 15-year-old brother Phillip is one of them. Also gone are two of his friends, and an 11-year-old girl who was just hoping to get a ride home from soccer practice. And then there's an even worse discovery--at the kids' last known destination, a dead body. While the local police and sheriff's department comb the county for the missing kids and interview everyone even remotely involved, Aurora and her new husband, true crime writer Robin Crusoe, begin their own investigation. Could the death and kidnappings have anything to do with a group of bullies at the middle school? Is Phillip's disappearance related to Aurora's father's gambling debts? Or is Phillip himself, new to town and an unknown quantity, responsible for taking the other children? But regardless of the reason, as the days go by, the most important questions remain. Are the kids still alive? Who could be concealing them? Where could they be? With Christmas approaching, Aurora is determined to find her brother...if he's still alive. After more than a decade, #1 New York Times bestseller Charlaine Harris finally returns to her fan-favorite Aurora Teagarden series with All the Little Liars, a fabulously fun new mystery"--
Women, resistance and revolution : a history of women and revolution in the modern world
Abstract: The motivational factors of finnish women to become entrepreneurs.
Enchanted
The folded clock : a diary
If not, winter : fragments of Sappho
Child's bone
Coyote Sisters
Aspects of women's entrepreneurship
Shadow rider
Bound by marriage
The Structure of ladies' figure skating short program in 2010 Olympic Games
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
Women, violence and nonviolent change
Best women's erotica 2011
Female entrepreneurs performance : a systematic literature review of forces influencing the performance of African female entrepreneurs
Truly madly guilty
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
"Trudy has betrayed her husband, John. She's still in the marital home - a dilapidated, priceless London townhouse - but John's not here. Instead, she's with his brother, the profoundly banal Claude, and the two of them have a plan. But there is a witness to their plot: the inquisitive, nine-month-old resident of Trudy's womb. Told from a perspective unlike any other, Nutshell is a classic tale of murder and deceit from one of the world's master storytellers"--
Almost famous women : stories
Risk Factors for Poor Mental Health among Indian Women : a Systematic Literature Review
The core of the sun
Social Representations of Violence Against Women in Algeria
Understanding and integrating gender issues into livestock projects and programmes : a checklist for practitioners
Spring is in the air, but the ladies of the Cumberland Creek Scrapbook Crop hardly have time to stop and smell the roses. Not when famed Irish dancer Emily McGlashen is found murdered in her studio just after the St. Patrick's Day parade - and one of the Crop's own members is the prime suspect. Vera's dance studio may have suffered when Emily waltzed into town, but the croppers know she's not a vengeful murderer. Lucky for her, co-scrapbooker Annie is a freelance reporter eager to vindicate her friend.
Cast in flight
Kitchens of the great Midwest
Changes in body composition with separate day combined strength and endurance training in men and women
The lost
The California club
Music and women : the story of women in their relation to music
Barefoot season
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
The dream of the red chamber
An enabling environment for female leadership in Finnish comprehensive school
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
101 poems by 101 women
Women in the land of socialism
Muscle fibre adaptations, strength and power development during strength and/or endurance training in 40 to 65-yr-old women
The prince
The secret life of bees
A heartbroken baker and a charming but womanizing tour guide embark on an experiment to prove their respective gender's quality and trustworthiness while regaining self-respect, only to become the subject of gossip in their small hometown.
Best women's erotica. 2009
If the shoe kills
"A novel of Mata Hari's final days, as written by the woman herself while accused of espionage" --
Electrocardiographic predictors of six-minute walking distance among 63-76-year-old women
Japanese anime and women's gender-role changing
Two serious ladies : a novel
Three sisters
Women : a world report
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Hollywood wives : the new generation
The handmaid's tale
Psychoanalysis and women : contemporary reappraisals
Why men love bitches
Womansize : the tyranny of slenderness
Identity development meets emotional stability : transcending borders through music therapy with an intercultural group of women : a case study
Immigrant women and work : qualitative research on integration of working Russian women in Lappeenranta-Imatra area
The awakening
Women's work, health and ill health : concepts and relations in question
"I'm not like Indian women" : reflections of young European women in Varanasi, India
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
The one & only : a novel
Changes in strength and endurance performance during a competitive season in female basketball players : strength training sessions before vs. after sport specific training
Encounters in the medical context : issues of gender and sexuality
The silent sister : a novel
Tora Hamilton is an outsider at her new home on the rocky, wind-swept Shetland Islands, a hundred miles from the northeastern tip of Scotland. Though her husband grew up here, it's the first time he's been back in twenty years. Digging in the peat on their new property, Tora unearths a human body, at first glance a centuries-old bog body, interesting but not uncommon. But realizing that the body is in fact much newer, that the woman's heart has been cut out and that she was killed within a few days of bearing a child, Tora, herself an obstetrician, becomes obsessed with finding out what happened to her--even when the police, her colleagues and eventually her husband warn her against getting involved.
The entropy of bones : a novel
Best of my love
If snow hadn't fallen (a lacey flint short story)
From rationality to liberation : the evolution of feminist ideology
In this grave hour : Maisie Dobbs Series, Book 13
Angela Carter's book of wayward girls and wicked women : an anthology of stories
Ready set rogue
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
In this tightly wound, enthralling story reminiscent of Agatha Christie's works, Lo Blacklock, a journalist who writes for a travel magazine, has just been given the assignment of a lifetime: a week on a luxury cruise with only a handful of cabins. The sky is clear, the waters calm, and the veneered, select guests jovial as the exclusive cruise ship, the Aurora, begins her voyage in the picturesque North Sea. At first, Lo's stay is nothing but pleasant: the cabins are plush, the dinner parties are sparkling, and the guests are elegant. But as the week wears on, frigid winds whip the deck, gray skies fall, and Lo witnesses what she can only describe as a dark and terrifying nightmare: a woman being thrown overboard. The problem? All passengers remain accounted for--and so, the ship sails on as if nothing has happened, despite Lo's desperate attempts to convey that something (or someone) has gone terribly, terribly wrong
Delusions of grandma
The book of night women
The "good battered woman" : a silenced defendant
Little black lies
Woolgathering
Lesley Castle
Tapestry of fortunes : a novel
Difficult women
Their eyes were watching God : [a novel]
Bad girls throughout history
This collection of original critical essays by well-known feminist scholars and activists presents a multicultural, international scope on the major global issues of the day: environment, development, and population control. Dangerous Intersections provides crucial alternative voices and approaches to the short-sighted policies supported by many mainstream politicians and nongovernmental organizations policies that focus on the fertility of poor women of color, North and South, as the primary threat to the ecological viability of the planet. The authors make a reasoned yet impassioned argument for making women the central agents of their own fate and the fate of the planet.
Sparks erupt when Sedona Snow, who manages a small hotel and tavern on Rainshadow Island with her faithful sidekick, Lyle, and who is trying to put her tragic past behind her, catches the attention of a new Guild boss in town.
Lye in wait : a home crafting mystery
Shadows before the sun
Florence Gordon
A dazzling new collection that explores the lives of unforgettable women in history, defined by their creative impulses, fierce independence, and sometimes reckless decisions.
13 Rue Therese : a novel
The perfect gift
Between two worlds : my life and captivity in Iran
The female advocate, or, An attempt to recover the rights of women from male usurpation
Patti Smith tells real and imagined stories from her childhood.
The Penguin biographical dictionary of women
Fear of dying
Women and working lives : divisions and change
Women in the fiction of F. Scott Fitzgerald
The border town;  a novel
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
100 places in Spain every woman should go
Sex discrimination in a nutshell
"In this spirited sequel to the acclaimed The Rook, Myfanwy Thomas returns to clinch an alliance between deadly rivals and avert epic - and slimy - supernatural war.  When secret organizations are forced to merge after years of enmity and bloodshed, only one person has the fearsome powers - and the bureaucratic finesse - to get the job done. Facing her greatest challenge yet, Rook Myfanwy Thomas must broker a deal between two bitter adversaries:  The Checquy - the centuries-old covert British organization that protects society from supernatural threats, and...  The Grafters - a centuries-old supernatural threat.  But as bizarre attacks sweep London, threatening to sabotage negotiations, old hatreds flare. Surrounded by spies, only the Rook and two women who absolutely hate each other, can seek out the culprits before they trigger a devastating otherworldly war.  Stiletto is a novel of preternatural diplomacy, paranoia, and snide remarks, from an author who "adroitly straddles the thin line between fantasy, thriller, and spoof " (Booklist)"--
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
The Meaning of Work for Immigrant Women Nurses in Finland
This book explores the interconnections between women's domestic lives and their paid employment in order to demonstrate how male definitions of work need to be reformulated. Women's continued disadvantage in the labour market is examined through contemporary, cross-national and historical research studies. The cross-national studies used in this book show how French mothers are advantaged by state and employer policies compared to their British counterparts. The contributors to this book question the adequacy of male definitions of work for women, showing that women use a range of strategies, intimately connected with their domestic lives, to produce results. Two themes orient this collection of papers from the 1990 British Sociological Association Conference: first, an examination of alternative explanations for gender inequality in the labour market, focusing on the ideologies of motherhood, the domestic division of labour and the impact of social policies. Second, a questioning of the meaning of work, suggesting that a simple dichotomy between waged and unpaid domestic labour is inadequate to describe the contemporary situation of women. Ranged between waged work and unpaid domestic labour are various forms of self-employment, petty enterprise and exchanges used by women to generate resources.
Sport science perspectives for women : proceedings from the Women and Sports Science Conference sponsored by the United States Olympic Committee. Sports Medicine Council, November 30 to December 2, 1985, Colorado Springs, Colorado
Reader, I married him : Stories Inspired by Jane Eyre
Distress signals
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Journey to Munich
Staring at the sun
Alabaster : pale horse
You can't touch my hair and other things I still have to explain
Murder of a small-town honey : a Scumble River mystery
Another Brooklyn : a novel
The spy : a novel
Best of Best women's erotica 2
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
All the little liars
When a Scot ties the knot
The motivational factors of finnish women to become entrepreneurs
Sweeter with you
One of your own : the life and death of Myra Hindley
The angels of Lovely Lane
The angel at no. 33
The book borrower : a novel
The blue-ribbon jalapeño society jubilee
The Sayers Swindle
And then there are none : on the exclusion of women in processes of executive search
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
Women, work, and technology : transformations
The winged histories
