http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16990 plant nutrients
plant nutrients
Diagnoses of mineral disordes in plants. Vol. 2, Vegetables
Detecting mineral nutrient deficiencies in tropical and temperate crops
Handbook of reference methods for plant analysis
The control of soil fertility
Free amino acids in horticulture
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Mineral nutrition of plants : principles and perspectives
Comparison of growth, nutrition and soil properties of pure and mixed stands of Populus deltoides and Alnus subcornata
Plant mineral nutrition
Nutrient fluxes through a boreal coniferous forest and the effects of clear-cutting
Encyclopedia of aquarium plants
Studies of the availability of soil phosphorus (P) and potassium (K) in organic farming systems, and of plant adaptions to low P- and K-availability
We conducted a pot experiment to study the fertilization effects of four N- and P-rich organic waste resources alone and in combination with K-rich bottom wood ash at two application rates (150 kg N ha-1 + 120 kg K ha-1, 300 kg N ha-1 + 240 kg K ha-1). Plant-available N was the growth-limiting factor. 48-73% of N applied with meat and bone meal (MBM) and composted fish sludge (CFS) was taken up in aboveground biomass, resulting in mineral fertilizer equivalents (MFE%) of 53-81% for N uptake and 61-104% for yield. MFE% of MBM and CFS decreased for increasing application rates. Two industrial composts had weak N fertilization effects and are to be considered soil conditioners rather than fertilizers. Possible P and K fertilization effects of waste resources were masked by the soil's ability to supply plant-available P and K, but effects on plant-available P and K contents in soil suggest that the waste resources may have positive effects under more nutrient-deficient conditions.
Sustainable handling and utilisation of livestock manure from animals to plants : proceedings, NJF-Seminar no. 320, Denmark, 16-19 January 2001
Herbivory on willows : abiotic constraints and trophic interactions
Sustainable nutrient management in agriculture : a simulation programme for calculating field level plant nutrition recommendations
Abatement costs for agricultural nitrogen and phosphorus loads : a case study of crop farming in south-western Finland
Nutritional disorders in glasshouse lettuce
Soil organic phosphorus : a review of world literature
Nutrient cycling in terrestrial ecosystems
Nutrition of the angiosperm embryo
The environmental effects of conventional and organic/biological farming systems. Part 1, Soil structure and erosion ; Part 2 : Soil eclogy, fertility and nutrient cycles
Marginal abatement costs for reducing leaching of nitrates in Croatian agriculture
Lectures on the inorganic nutrition of plants
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Afforestation of farmland : soil changes and the uptake of heavy metals and nutrients by trees
Iron nutrition and interactions in plants
Water relations of plants and soils
Transport and transformations of nitrogen in an arable soil
The aim of this study was to determine the effect of meat and bone meal (MBM) used as an organic fertilizer on maize grown for grain. A two-factorial field experiment in a randomized block design was carried out in 2010 and 2011, in north-eastern Poland. Experimental factor I was MBM dose (1.0, 1.5, 2.0 and 2.5 t ha-1 year-1), and experimental factor II was the year of the study (two consecutive years). Increasing MBM doses contributed to an increase in maize grain yield and 1000-grain weight. The yield-forming effect of MBM applied at 1.5 t ha-1 year-1 was comparable with that of nitrogen and phosphorus contained in mineral fertilizers. A dose of 2.5 t ha-1 MBM led to a significant increase in maize grain yield. The P and K content of maize grain was determined by MBM dose, whereas the concentrations of N, Mg and Ca in grain were not affected by MBM dose. Significantly higher N, P, K and Mg uptake by maize plants was observed in treatments with the highest MBM dose, compared with the control tratment. Nitrogen and phosphorus uptake per 1 t MBM reached 101 kg and 26 kg, respectively. The results of a two-year study show that the maximum MBM dose (2.5 t ha-1 year-1) met the fertilizer requirements of maize with respect to nitrogen and phosphorus.
Offers valuable information for the commercial grower, the researcher, the hobbyist, and the student interested in hydroponics. It provides details on methods of growing that are applicable to a range of environmental growing systems.
Fertilization effects of organic waste resources and bottom wood ash: results from a pot experiment
Scaling soil nutrient balances : enabling mesolevel applications for African realities
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Nutrient relations in short rotation forestry : a bibliography
Soil-plant relationships
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Soil microbiology : a model of decomposition and nutrient cycling
Nutritional diseases in glasshouse tomatoes
Land resources information systems in Asia : proceedings of a regional workshop held in Quezon City, the Philippines, 25-27 January 2000.
Assessment of methods for determination of nitrogen status in winter wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) = Vurdering av metoder for bestemmelse av nitrogenstatus i høstvete (Triticum aestivum L.)
Diagnosis of mineral disorders in plants. Vol. 1, Principles
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Assessment of soil nutrient balance : approaches and methodologies
Environmental plant physiology
The utilization of secondary and trace elements in agriculture : proceedings of a Symposium organized jointly by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations at Geneva, 12-16 January, 1987
Allocation of added selenium in lettuce and its impact on roots
Workshop Ecological Aspects of Vegetable Fertilization in Integrated Crop Production in the Field : Neustadt an der Weinstrasse, Germany 25-29 September 1995
Solute movement in the rhizosphere
Marschner's mineral nutrition of higher plants
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Proceedings of the IInd International Organic Fruit Symposium : Leavenworth, Washington, USA, June 18-21, 2012
Status of cadmium, lead, cobalt and selenium in soils and plants of thirty countries
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 1, Farming guidelines
Area-wide integrated recycling of pig effluent in Thailand : effluent treatment and handling
Novel methods for reducing nutrient losses from fields to water
Effects of P level in nutrient solution and the colonization of roots by arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) on P uptake by tomato plants, their nutritional status, yield and quality of fruits were studied. Plants were grown on rockwool or coconut coir. Inoculation by a mixture of several AMF species was performed three times during the growing period. The mycorrhizal frequency in roots inoculated with AMF amounted to 35.79 - 50.82%. The highest level of mycorrhiza was found in plants receiving nutrient solution with a lower concentration of P. Among the experimental factors, only P level influenced the fruit yield, being higher from plants receiving a nutrient solution with a higher P level. A higher concentration of P in nutrient solution imposed better nutritional status of plants. Higher contents of ascorbic acid and total soluble sugars were found in fruits collected from inoculated plants, grown on rockwool.
Three trials were performed on two organic farms with dairy and suckler cows and using home-produced forage and feed crops, predominantly grass-clover ley, in order to determine whether boron (B) is a limiting factor for legumes on coarse-textured soils in an area predisposed to low B soil concentrations. The effects of B fertilisation (applied as sprayed liquid) on biomass yield, botanical composition and plant macro- and micronutrient concentrations relative to soil concentrations and livestock requirements were investigated. Boron fertilisation (i) did not affect any yield, (ii) increased the white clover percentage significantly in forage on one farm and (iii) increased B concentrations in plants and soil on both farms, and (iv) did not affect concentrations of other nutrients in forage on either farm. Thus, B was not an obvious limiting factor on these farms. Effects of management practices on interactions and   ratios between B, calcium (Ca), potassium (K), magnesium (Mg) and sodium (Na) and their implications are discussed.
Growing media
Effect of mycorrhiza and phosphorus content in nutrient solution on the yield and nutritional status of tomato plants grown  on rockwool or coconut coir
Applied soil trace elements
Proceedings from the seminar : manure - an agronomic and environmental challenge. NJF-seminar 372, arranged by NJF sections, soil, water and environment; engineering. Nils Holgersson gymnasiet Skurup, Sweden September 5-6, 2005.
Movement, distribution and utilisation of ammonium- and nitrate nitrogen in Swedish agricultural soils
Soil-plant relationships : an ecological approach
Physiological ecology of forest production : principles, processes and models
Ecology of woodlands and forests : description, dynamics and diversity
Variation in needle nutrient concentrations in the crown of Scots pine on peatland
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Soilless Culture and Hydroponics : Almeria, Spain. November 14-19, 2004
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Soil organic matter and biological activity
Nutritional disorders of plants : development, visual and analytical diagnosis
Workshop Towards and [i.e. an] Ecologically Sound Fertilisation in Field Vegetable Production : 11-14 September, Wageningen, The Netherlands
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Copper metabolism : a symposium on animal, plant and soil relationships
Simulation of soil nitrogen storage and leaching : applications to different Swedish agricultural systems
Status of sulphur in soils and plants of thirty countries
In easy-to-understand language, the author illuminates the science behind plant nutrition and offers 100 percent organic recommendations on what to feed plants, including fertilizer recipes tailored to specific kinds of plants.
Plant analysis handbook II : a practical sampling, preparation, analysis and interpretation guide
Isotopes and radiation in research on soil-plant relationships : proceedings of an International Symposium on the Use of Isotopes and Radiation in Research on Soil-Plant Relationships jointly organized by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and held in Colombo, 11-15 December, 1978.
Plant nutrition : manual
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
On diversity effects of alternative agricultural policy reforms in Finland : an agricultural sector modelling approach
Modern greenhouse pepper production should evolve towards more sustainable systems. The growing technique which combines soilless culture and biostimulants may reduce nutrient and water use with beneficial impact on the environment. Therefore, this work aimed to investigate effects of biostimulants application on hydroponically produced pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.) in conditions of reduced fertilization. Positive influence of biostimulant treatment on yield parameters was observed along with significant decrease in incidence of blossom-end rot (BER) in two pepper cultivars. Biostimulants application resulted in overall increase in macro- and microelement content in fruits of treated pepper cultivars. Generally, biostimulants improved the yield of pepper plants grown hydroponically by increasing the nutrient uptake and decreasing the occurrence of BER. Thus, the application of biostimulants could be considered as a good production strategy for obtaining high yields of nutritionally valuable vegetables with lower impact on the environment.
Aluminium and iron fluxes through podzolic soil profile and the effects of clear-cutting
Metals and micronutrients: uptake and utilization by plants
Optimisation of nutrient cycling and soil quality for sustainable grasslands : proceedings of a satellite workshop on the XXth International Grassland Congress, July 2005, Oxford, England
The objective of this research was to study the effects of nutrient solution aeration [no aeration (NA), low aeration (LA) or high aeration (HA)] and growing cycle (autumn, winter and summer) on the yield, quality, and shelf life of red lettuce as a fresh-cut product grown in a floating system. The specific leaf area, yield and root diameter were affected by the growing cycle. The percentage of dry matter and the nitrate content were affected by growing cycle and aeration, total phenolics and mesophilic microorganism by aeration and storage time, hue angle and chromacity by growing cycle and storage time, and antioxidant capacity, vitamin C, lightness and psychrophilic microorganisms were affected by all three factors. NA conditions increased the antioxidant capacity in summer and vitamin C content in winter. The lowest mesophilic and psychrophilic count was observed in autumn. The effect of aeration on most of the quality parameters measured was influenced by the growing cycle.
"This new edition of a bestseller examines plant nutrition's role as one of the most important limiting factors that must be overcome to optimize food production. Extensively revised and updated, the new edition provides comprehensive coverage on topics such as genetic, physiological, and agronomic bases of crop growth. It covers soil-plant-climatic relationships that govern the growth and mineral nutrition of crops in temperate and tropical regions. The book contains two new chapters covering remediation of heavy metal contaminated soils and cover crops as well as several new figures, references, and tables"--
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Growth of planted Norway spruce seedlings in mineral soil and forest organic matter : plant and soil interactions with implications for site preparation
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Nutrient solution aeration and growing cycles affect quality and yield of fresh-cut baby leaf red lettuce
Physiological roles of boron in higher plants
Nutrient retranslocation within Pinus sylvestris
Soil pH and nutrient uptake in cauliflower (Brassica oleracea L. var botrytis) and broccoli (Brassica oleracea L. var italica) in Northern Sweden : multielement studies by means of plant and soil analyses
Green auctions with joint environmental benefits
Analyses of the growth of Scots pine : matching structure with function
Plant nutrition : growth and diagnosis
Mineral nutrition of crops : fundamental mechanisms and implications
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Proceedings of Ist International Symposium on Sustainable Vegetable Production in Southeast Asia : Salatiga, Indonesia, March 14-17, 2011
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 4, Farm examples
Inorganic nitrogen metabolism
Bibliography of the literature on the minor elements and their relation to plant and animal nutrition. Volume I
Handling of digestate on farm level : economic calculations = Hantering av rötrest på gårdsnivå - ekonomiska beräkningar
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Crop and soil specific N and P efficiency and productivity in Finland
Biomass production and control of nutrient leaching of willows using different planting methods with special emphasis on an appraisal of the electrical impedance for roots
Nutrient relations in short rotation forestry : a compilation of papers presented at workshops: Uppsala 1987 and Seattle 1988
Nitrogen efficiency in agricultural soils
The effect of nitrogen and phosphorus concentrations on nutrient balances of cereals and grass silage
Fertilization of dryland and irrigated soils
Plant availability of micronutrient cations : interactions between soil and plant factors
"Respected and known worldwide in the field for his research in plant nutrition, Dr. Horst Marschner authored two editions of Mineral Nutrition of Higher Plants. His research greatly advanced the understanding of plant nutrition ranging from rhizosphere processes to nutrient uptake and utilization by plants in the field. While visiting field experiments in West Africa in 1996, Dr. Marschner contracted malaria and passed away, and until now this legacy title went unrevised. Despite the passage of time, it remains the definitive reference on plant mineral nutrition. Since the last edition, great progress has been made in the understanding of various aspects of plant nutrition. In recent years, the perspective on the mode of action of nutrients in plant metabolism and yield formation has shifted. Much progress has been made in the molecular aspects of nutrient uptake and transport within plants as well as the responses of plants to nutrient deficiency or toxicity. These and many other developments are covered in this long-awaited new edition."--P. [4] of cover.
Hydroponic basics
Handbook of plant nutrition
An analysis of the influence of water and nutrient deficiencies on the spectral signature of barley : field measurements in the wavelength range 0.4-2.3 m
Tropical and Sub-Tropical Reservoir Limnology in China : theory and practice
Proceedings of the South Pacific Soilless Culture Conference (SPSCC) : Palmerston North, New Zealand, 10-13 February 2003
Plant and soil interfaces and interactions : proceedings of the International symposium: plant and soil: interfaces and interactions : Wageningen, The Netherlands, August 6-8, 1986
Base-cations in relation to weathering of phyllosilicates and forest management in Swedish forest ecosystems
Chemistry of the soil
Irrigation with treated sewage effluent : management for environmental protection
Land resources information systems for food security in SADC countries : proceedings of a subregional workshop held in Harare, Zimbabwe, 3-5 November 1999.
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Biogeochemical cycles of elements : an introduction to behaviour of main mineral nutrients of plants and microorganisms
The diagnosis of mineral deficiencies in plants by visual symptoms : a colour atlas and guide
Quantification of protein nitrogen in boreal forest ecosystem
Effects of meat bone meal as fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet and carrot
Characterization of soils in relation to their classification and management for crop production : examples from some areas of the humid tropics
Sugar-beet nutrition
Agroforestry for soil conservation
Soils : an introduction to soils and plant growth
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 3, Marketing guidelines
The effect of increasing doses of meat and bone meal (MBM) on maize (Zea mays L.) grown for grain
Advances in plant nutrition. Volume 1
Evaluation of mulching in organically grown black currant (Ribes nigrum) in terms of its effects on the crop and the environment
Land husbandry : components and strategy
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
Germination of weed seeds and competition in stands of weeds and barley : influences of mineral nutrients
Growth and mineral nutrition of field crops
Land resources information systems in the Caribbean : proceedings of a subregional workshop held in Bridgetown, Barbados 2-4 October 2000.
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Ecological recycling agriculture : guidelines for farmers and advisors. Vol. 2, Economic guidelines
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Nitrogen and phosphorus balances on Finnish dairy farms
Teaming with nutrients : the organic gardener's guide to plant nutrition
Cost-effective nitrogen leaching reduction as influenced by linkages between farm-level decisions
Soil and vegetation systems
Chemical mobility and reactivity in soil systems : proceedings of a symposium
Turfgrass soil fertility and chemical problems : assessment and management
Sand and water culture methods used in the study of plant nutrition
Nutrient disequilibria in agroecosystems : concepts and case studies
Nitrogen fertilizer rates, N balances, and related risk of N leaching in Finnish agriculture
Changes in the amounts of inorganic nutrients in the soil after clear-felling
Improvement of soil fertility : Nanjing, China, April 1993.
Soil conditions and plant growth
Natural biostimulants reduce the incidence of BER in sweet yellow pepper plants (Capsicum annuum L.)
Variation in nutrient concentrations of Pinus sylvestris roots
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Meat and bone meal (MBM) is a by-product of the meat industry and is an important pathway for recycling of N and P. MBM contains about 8% N, 5% P, 1% K and 10% Ca. Field trials compared the effects of MBM and mineral  fertilizer on yield and quality of sugar beet (2008-2009) and carrot (2010-2011) in Finland. MBM fertilisation of sugar beet grown on clay loam and sandy clay soil gave 11.4% (2008) and 19.6% (2009) lower yields than mineral fertilizers. The lower root yield in 2008 was compensated by higher extractable sugar content and lower amino-N, K and Na in root but no such compensation in root quality was detected for 2009. Mixing MBM with mineral NPK fertilizers had similar effects as MBM-alone. MBM (80 kg N ha-1 2010 and 60 kg N ha-1 2011) together with K fertilizer (Patentkali®, 180 kg K ha-1) were applied for carrot to a fine sandy till soil in 2010 and sandy loam in 2011. MBM alone gave 14% lower total and marketable root yield than mineral fertilization. The lower yield was compensated by improved quality, lower NO3- content in the carrot and good storability. Adding extra fertilizer during growth or separating fertilization applications had no effect on root yield or quality. MBM performed in these cases mainly as an organic N fertilizer. The N supply from MBM is not sufficient for achieving same yields as with mineral fertilizers. The relative N efficiency of total N of MBM was 83% that of mineral fertilizers. MBM should be targeted on soils with low P status.  We conclude that MBM is a reasonably competitive alternative to mineral fertilizers, and as a recycled fertilizer it is a good option for organic production.
Iron nutrition in soils and plants : proceedings of the Seventh International Symposium on Iron Nutrition and Interactions in Plants, June 27-July 2, 1993, Zaragoza, Spain
Ecology of arable land - perspectives and challenges : proceedings of an International symposium, 9-12 June 1987, Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, Uppsala, Sweden
Complete guide for growing plants hydroponically
Plant nutrition for food security : a guide for integrated nutrient management
Nitrogen turnover in the soil-crop system : modelling of biological transformations, transport of nitrogen and nitrogen use efficiency
Boron deficiency : its prevention and cure
Sedimentation in small constructed wetlands : retention of particles, phosphorus and nitrogen in streams from arable watersheds = Sedimentasjon i fangdammer : tilbakholding av partikler, fosfor og nitrogen i landbrukspåvirkede bekker
The commercial greenhouse
Principles of plant nutrition
Assessment and mitigation of agricultural water pollution
Boron fertilisation of organically managed grass-clover swards on coarse-textured soils: effects on botanical and element composition
Physiology of stressed crops. Vol. 2, Nutrient relations
Manganese in soils and plants : proceedings of the International symposium on "Manganese in soils and plants" held at the Waite Agricultural Research Institute, the University of Adelaide, Glen Osmond, South Australia, August 22-26, 1988 as an Australian bicentennial event
Requirement for magnesium fertilization in Finland
Graded quality of 30-year-old Norway spruce grown on agricultural and forest land
