http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16981 conception of knowledge
conception of knowledge
Aesthetics and cognition in Kant's critical philosophy
From green fingers to green eyes : exploring the conception of knowledge and knowledge construction of horticultural entrepreneurs
Subject knowledge and teacher education : the development of beginning teachers' thinking
"The internet is a complex environment that affronts many practices while constraining others. The challenge is to develop language and tools to critically engage with these environments and to navigate the topology of being a citizen in a technologically mediated environment. This book begins this undertaking." -- Back Cover
Knowledge : critical concepts. Vol. 2, Knowledge and society : forms of knowledge
Essays in the economics of knowledge
"Small nations tied to Russia" : Baltic identity conveyed by Finnish schoolbooks from 1860s to the 2000s
Spirits and clocks : machine and organism in Descartes
Didactical reconstructions for organizing knowledge in physics teacher education
Imagination and diversity in the philosophy of Hobbes
Knowledge and knowers : towards a realist sociology of education
Nordic Cold War cultures : ideological promotion, public reception, and East-West interactions
Transfiguring the arts and sciences : knowledge and cultural institutions in the Romantic age
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International Network-based education (NBE) Conference (Former PEG) 2005 14́th-17th September 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
Dimensions of university student learning in medicine and pharmacy
Teaching-studying-learning (TSL) processes and mobile technologies : multi-, inter- and transdisciplinary (MIT) research approaches : proceedings of the 12th International NBE 2005 Conference : September 14-17, 2005, Rovaniemi, Finland
Stakeholder perceptions of climate change and the need to adapt
Knowledge in context : representations, community and culture
Knowledge of environmental issues : where pupils acquire information and how it affects their attitudes, opinions, and laboratory behaviour
Understanding variation : the key to managing chaos
Citizen perceptions of the European Union : the impact of the EU web site
The experiences and perception of Somali clients and Finnish nurses in primary health care services
Science's first mistake : delusions in pursuit of theory
Values and stances towards expert knowledge
Looking beyond the obvious : theoretical, empirical and methodological insights into critical thinking
Knowledge management in organizations : a critical introduction
Summary.
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
A new theory of information & the Internet : public sphere meets protocol
Tacit and explicit knowledge
The complexity of food-related activities in a household context : study of Finnish homemakers' food choices and nutrition knowledge
Understanding green consumer behaviour : a qualitative cognitive approach
The politics of knowledge
Cancer patients' participation in decision-making about treatment and nursing care
Knowledge of sexual issues, moral beliefs and sexual experiences among adolescents in Estonia and Finland
When cultures collide : leading across cultures
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
Architecture and the history of ideas
Mystical experience of God : a philosophical inquiry
Hot topic - cold comfort : climate change and attitude change
Informaatiolukutaito osana oppimisprosessia = Information literacy and its role in the learning process
Assemblages and swing-arounds : nomadic writings on the becoming of a research (and the gender agreement of craft).
Students' scientific thinking in higher education : logical thinking and conceptions of scientific thinking in universities and universities of applied sciences
