http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16966 vitamin C
vitamin C
To the dissent : [response Thomas Chalmers]
Metabolic engineering of the fungal D-galacturonate pathway
Do vitamins C and E affect respiratory infections ?
Effects of temperature sum on vitamin C concentration and yield of sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides) fruit : optimal time of fruit harvest
Genetic diversity, evolution and domestication in sea buckthorn (Hippophae rhamnoides L.)
Vitamin C supplementation and the common cold : was Linus Pauling right or wrong?
The role of vitamin C in the growth of higher plants
Summary.
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish mobile clinic health examination survey
Biomarkers for risk of breast cancer during pregnancy : a nested case control study
Vitamin C intake and susceptibility to the common cold
Metabolic engineering of salmonid fish
Laboratory experiments for organic and biochemistry
Flavonoids in fruits and vegetables : non-destructive estimation by chlorophyll fluorescence and effects of postharvest storage and UV-B irradiation
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Modern experimental biochemistry
Do vitamins C and E affect respiratory infections?
Nutritional benefits of kiwifruit
Vitamin C intake and susceptibility to the common cold : [invited commentary-reply]
Epidemiological follow-up study on dietary antioxidant vitamins : results from the Finnish Mobile Clinic Health Examination Survey
Vitamin C, the placebo effect, and the common cold : a case study of how preconceptions influence the analysis of results
Scurvy : how a surgeon, a mariner and a gentleman solved the greatest medical mystery of the age of sail
"Improve your knowledge and treat patients with confidence using today's most advanced cosmeceutical treatments and expert guidance from author Zoe Diana Draelos, MD. Cosmeceuticals, 3rd Edition, a volume in the Procedures in Cosmetic Dermatology Series, covers cutting-edge content, keeping you up to date with developments in this rapidly-moving field so you can offer your patients the latest cosmeceutical therapies with optimal results." -- p. 4 of cover.
Vitamin C : new research
Maternal diet during breastfeeding, breast milk composition and allergic disease in the infant
Vitamin C in breast milk may reduce the risk of atopy in the infant
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
Effect of salt iodization on the quality of pickled vegetables
Antioxidants and the skin
Pro-oxidant activity of vitamin C in drinking water : role of copper, iron and bicarbonate
Passive smoking and atherogenesis
Hormonal regulation of endocrine-resistant breast cancer
Vitamins C and E in cancer prevention
The antioxidant vitamins C and E
Antioxidant release from synthetic bioabsorbable polymer films
Lipid hydroperoxides: effects of tocopherols and ascorbic acid on their formation and decomposition
Morphological, nutraceutical and sensorial properties of cultivated Fragaria vesca L. berries: influence of genotype, plant age, fertilization treatment on the overall fruit quality
Isolation, characterization and osteogenic differentiation of dental stem cells in vitro for bone tissue engineering
Vitamin C and common cold incidence : a review of studies with subjects under heavy physical stress
Vitamin C intake and susceptibility to pneumonia
Vitamin C and infectious diseases
The influence of fertilization and environment on some nutritionally important quality criteria in vegetables - a review of research in the Nordic countries
Leaf apoplastic ascorbate as ozone scavenger and its transport across the plasma membrane
Sucrose, glucose, fructose, citric, malic, ascorbic (AA) and dehydroascorbic (DHAA) acids, total polyphenols (TP), radical scavenging activity (RSA), physicochemical and sensorial properties were determined on F. vesca Alpine (ALP) and Regina delle Valli (RDV) berries in relation to plant age and fertilisation treatment (Effective Microorganism Technology, EMT vs. traditional fertilization, TFT). ALP berries had a sum of AA and DHAA about 20% lower and TPs about 30% higher than RDV. Plant age affected most physicochemical parameters, sugars and organic acids, as well as sensorial appreciation, being them generally higher in berries produced in the second year. TPs were not affected by plant age. EMT produced an increase of 50%, 70% and 20% for TP, organic acids and RSA, respectively. Although changes in berry quality are expected with plant age, EMT cultivation of ALP should be preferred to the growth of RDV under TFT, to obtain fruits more valuable from the nutraceutical viewpoint.
