http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16951 flax
flax
Studies in ancient technology. 4
The dry-line method in bast fibre production
Notes on the archaeobotanical records of flax (Linum usitatissimum) in Finland
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The book of fine linen
Cellulosic bast fibres of flax and hemp as alternative raw materials for thermal insulations
On the possibilities of growing oil flax in Finland : on the quality of Finnish linseed oil and some factors affecting it
Life cycle assessment of natural fiber reinforced composites
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Linen : technical aspects of production
Flax : the super food
Cadmium and fatty acid contents of linseed in Finland
Studies on seed-setting and seed yield in oil flax
Linen, wool, cotton / 25 simple projects to sew with natural fabrics ; [translation by Karen Sandness ; photographs by Chiemi Nakajima ; illustrations by Junko Raigo]
Flaxseed as a functional food
Bast and other plant fibres
The effect of increasing nitrogen dose, growth regulator and variety on seed and stalk yields, and some quality aspects of fibre flax
Microbial emissions from fibrous thermal insulations
The production of linen in pharaonic Egypt : by Gillian Vogelsang-Eastwood
Effects of gradual replacement of rapeseed cake with linseed cake in a grass silage-based diet for dairy cows
Flax and linen
Linen on net : the common roots of the European linen patterns
Measured opinions : collected papers on the conservation of paintings
Fabric for fashion : a comprehensive guide to natural fibres
The East Anglian linen industry : rural industry and local economy, 1500-1850
Emission measurements from fibrous thermal insulation materials
Linseed law : a handbook for growers and advisers
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican period
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Bast fibre content, fibre yield and fibre quality of different linseed genotypes
New combination in Linum sect. Syllinum (Linaceae)
How to wet-clean undyed cotton and linen
Hygienic quality of stem fractions of mechanically processed fibre hemp and linseed
What a glorious day : searching for the luxurious linen look in contract residential interiors
Equilibrium moisture content of flax/linseed and fibre hemp straw fractions
Russian cloth seals in Britain : trade, textiles and origins
Linum hirsutum subsp. platyphyllum, stat. nov. (Linaceae)
Flax: breeding and utilisation : proceedings of the EEC Flax workshop, held in Brussels, Belgium, 4-5 May, 1988
Linen : hand spinning and weaving
Textile-making in central Tyrrhenian Italy from the final Bronze Age to the Republican Period
White linen - cloth of luxury
Innovation in linen manufacture
Biodegradable and sustainable fibres
Non-textile application of flax : how to overcome technological and marketing barriers
Quality of Linum usitatissimum L. (flax and linseed) and Cannabis sativa L. (fibre hemp) during the production chain of fibre raw material for thermal insulations
Towards bast fibre production in Finland : Stem and fibre yields and mechanical fibre properties of selected fibre hemp and linseed genotypes
Cadmium content of Finnish linseed and estimated consumer intake
Harvesting and handling of flax for the production of short fibres under Swedish conditions : a literature review
The modern natural dyer : a comprehensive guide to dyeing silk, wool, linen and cotton at home
Effects of seed weight on growth, reproduction and competitive ability of Linum usitatissimum seedlings
Towards bast fibre production in Finland : stem and fibre yields and mechanical fibre properties of selected fibre hemp and linseed genotypes
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
Microbial quality of hemp (Cannabis sativa L.) and flax (Linum usitatissimum L.) from plants to thermal insulation
Pellavaproteiinikonsentraatin toiminnalliset ominaisuudet = Functional properties of linseed protein concentrate
