http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1695 armed military service
armed military service
The red coffin
Women and the army
The debate on gender equality within the armed forces : a case study of Finland
Crow Nation values and the meaning of military service
Abstract: The impact of military service on the career and study paths of young women and men.
The political economy of conscription
Manhood and the making of the military : conscription, military service and masculinity in Finland, 1917-39
To draft or not to draft : an alternative view
This text explores the post-national defense and its gender implications. It explores how the United Nations Security Council resolution to increase the participation of women in peace negotiations, humanitarian planning, peacekeeping operations, and governance has influenced the policy practices of the post-national defense.
Volunteers on the Veld : Britain's citizen-soldiers and the South African War, 1899-1902
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education? : evidence from OECD countries
Non occupational noise : sources, exposure and effects on hearing
The paper reconsiders the relative efficiency of the draft versus the professional army in the case where countries belong to different risk classes. We refute the earlier result that the welfare with a draft is always lower than with a professional army. The welfare comparison is shown to depend on the national security determined by the risk class of the country. The existence of the reserve strengthens the case for the draft army. We use Israel, Finland, and Sweden as examples of countries which belong to different risk classes with different approaches to the optimal national defense.
China's National Defense in 2004.
How did the major European imperial powers and indigenous populations experience imperialism and colonisation in the period 1880-1960? In this richly-illustrated comparative account, Robin Butlin provides a comprehensive overview of the experiences of individual European imperial powers - British, French, Dutch, Spanish, Portuguese, Belgian, German and Italian - and the reactions of indigenous peoples. He explores the complex processes and discourses of colonialism, conquest and resistance from the height of empire through to decolonisation and sets these within the dynamics of the globalisation of political and economic power systems. He sheds new light on variations in the timing, nature and locations of European colonisations and on key themes such as exploration and geographical knowledge; maps and mapping; demographics; land seizure and environmental modification; transport and communications; and resistance and independence movements. In so doing, he makes a major contribution to our understanding of colonisation and the end of empire.
Making gender, making war : violence, military and peacekeeping practices
Women and war
The human rights of women : international instruments and African experiences
Defending civil resistance under international law
Does military draft discourage enrollment in higher education : evidence from OECD countries
'You're considered a warrior then' : respect and individualism in Crow military service
Women and war in the twentieth century : enlisted with or without consent
Youth and conscription
Hapless heroes : two discourses of royal service in sixteenth-century Sweden
Determinants of military adjustment and attrition during Finnish conscript service
Facts about National Defence
To draft or not to draft : efficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
Going into the army : a gendered step in transition to adulthood
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces 2005 : [2005-2006]
To draft or not to draft? : inefficiency, generational incidence, and political economy of military conscription
The economic costs and the political allure of conscription
The changing face of European conscription
Facts about the Finnish Defence Forces 2004 : [2004-2005]
Geographies of empire : European empires and colonies, c. 1880-1960
Summary.
Prevalence and predictors of the medicine use in males during common military service in Finland
The courage of cowards : the untold stories of First World War conscientious objectors
The people of forever are not afraid
Conscentious objection and alternative service in Finland
Browned off and bloody-minded : the British soldier goes to war, 1939-1945
Religion in the military worldwide
Has civilian service become punitive in character since the changes to the terms of military service in Finland?
Feminist methodologies for international relations
Gender, sex and the postnational defense : militarism and peacekeeping
