http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16911 historiography
historiography
The historiography of Yugoslavia 1965-1975
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
Japan in five ancient Chinese chronicles : Wo, the land of Yamatai and Queen Himiko
Writing history : theory & practice
The American frontier in film
"Employs archaelogical findings and historical records to describe the kingdom of Puyŏ, an ancient and largely obscure polity that once exercised influence over a large portion of central Manchuria in what is today the northeastern part of China"--Provided by publisher.
Rewriting Russian history
Past and Present in Medieval Chronicles
The Byzantine and early Islamic Near East : (papers of the Second Workshop on Late Antiquity and Early Islam). 2, Land use and settlement patterns
Zaroždenie istoriopisaniâ v obŝestvah Drevnosti i Srednevekov'â = The beginnings of historical writing in Ancient and Medieval societies
The contemporary Dutch historical theorist/philosopher Frank Ankersmit, an erstwhile advocate and promulgator of what has become known as "the linguistic turn" in historical theory, is very well known within the discipline. His early position with regard to the historical text is frequently discussed and evaluated today, and his writings on the subject are often cited. However, this former narrativist position, so robustly and effectively defended by Ankersmit in the past, has been progressively marginalized by Ankersmit himself as his current and radically different theoretical position, most fully expressed in his recent publication Sublime Historical Experience, now (for him) takes precedence. Yet, despite this radical shift in Ankersmit's position, this conspicuous "conversion" of an eminent prime mover in the field of mainstream language centred historical theory, there has been no comprehensive and sustained (investigative) critique of his various works taken in the whole. Consequently, there has until now been no close reading and analytical dissection of that whole, such that Ankersmit's overall trajectory of philosophical thought might be adequately discerned, and perhaps even explained. In short, there is a vacant space here, and the function of this book is, precisely, to fill that space.
A companion to Livy
Essaying the past : how to read, write and think about history
The nation should come first : Marxism and historiography in East Central Europe
Writing West Indian histories
Japan in modern history. Vol. 1, High school
History, Frankish identity and the framing of Western ethnicity, 550-850
Inside out, outside in : essays in comparative history
The six national histories of Japan
German historians and the bombing of German cities : the contested air war
Rewriting Russian history : Soviet interpretations of Russia's past
History as art and as science : twin vistas on the past
Fifty key thinkers on history
"Laurence Nowell (1530-c.1750), author of the first dictionary of Old English, and William Lambarde (1536-1601), Nowell's protégé and eventually the first editor of the Old English Laws, are key figures in Elizabethan historical discourses and in its political and literary society. Through their work, the period between the Germanic migrations and the Norman Conquest came to be regarded as a foundational time for Elizabethan England, overlapping with and contributing to contemporary debates on the shape of Elizabethan English language. Their studies took different strategies in demonstrating the role of early medieval history in Elizabethan--even imperial--identity, while in Lambarde's legal writings Old English law codes become identical with the 'ancient laws' that underpinned contemporary common law. Their efforts contradict the assumption that Anglo-Saxon studies did not effectively participate in Tudor nationalism outside of Protestant polemic; instead, it was a vital part of making history 'English'. Their work furthers our understanding of both the history of medieval studies and the importance of early Anglo-Saxon studies to Tudor nationalism"--Provided by publisher.
Popular Korean historiography in Northeast Asia : a critical survey from the 13th century until the present, pertaining to Early Korea
Presenting the past : essays on history and the public
Saints, legends and forgeries : the formation of the historiographical image of Valaam Monastery
Andrea Mantegna : making art (history)
Frontier and section : selected essays of Frederick Jackson Turner ; with an introduction by Ray Allen Billington
From Babel to dragomans : interpreting the Middle East
Narrative history and ethnic boundaries : the deuteronomistic historian and the creation of Israelite national identity
Japanese historians and the national myths, 1600-1945 : the age of gods and emperor Jinmu
In the Hebrew Bible, war is a prominent topic which is dealt with in both legal and narrative texts. So far, the interplay between the two areas has received only little attention. This volume explores the impact of biblical war legislation on war accounts in the Hebrew Bible and in Early Jewish Literature. It provides case studies which show the importance of the topic and shed new light on redaction- and reception-historical developments.
Modern Russian historiography
Between time and space
East and Central European history writing in exile 1939-1989
History as text : the writing of ancient history
Visions of past glory : nationalism and the construction of early Finnish history
Overcoming the old borders : beyond the paradigm of Slovak national history
Understanding the American experience : recent interpretations. Volume 1
A history of Muslim historiography
Culture and catastrophe : German and Jewish confrontations with National Socialism and other crises
Biblical scholars have long claimed that the Israelites "could not conceive of a disembodied nefesh [soul]." In this book, Richard C. Steiner rejects that claim based on a broad spectrum of textual, linguistic, archaeological, and anthropological evidence spanning the millennia from prehistoric times to the present. The biblical evidence includes a prophecy of Ezekiel condemning women who pretend to trap the wandering souls of sleeping people - prophecy that has been only partially understood until now because of the obscure technical terms that it contains. The extrabiblical evidence suggests that a belief in the existence of disembodied souls was part of the common religious heritage of the peoples of the ancient Near East.--Provided by publisher.
History and the state in nineteenth-century Japan
The Middle Ages without feudalism : essays in criticism and comparison on the medieval West
The varieties of history from Voltaire to the present
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
Using history
"We have left the twentieth century, but this century of violence and extremes has not left us: Its shadow has become longer and blacker. Seventy years after the end of the Second World War, the memory of the Holocaust is less and less anchored in the lived experience of survivors and witnesses. Shadows of Trauma analyzes the transformation of the past from an individual experience to a collective construction, with special attention to the tensions that arise when personal experience collides with official commemoration. In addition to surveying memory's important terms and distinctions, Assmann traces the process that emerged after the fall of the Berlin Wall, of creating a new German memory of the Holocaust. Assmann revisits the pitfalls of "false memory" and lingering forms of denial and repression, as well as the new twenty-first-century discourses, such as that of German "victimhood," as well as the new memory sites for a future in which German memory will be increasingly oriented toward a European context. Combining theoretical analysis with historical case studies, the book revisits crucial debates and controversial issues out of which "memory culture" has emerged as a collective project and a work in progress"--
An intelligent person's guide to history
The reception of biblical war legislation in narrative contexts : proceedings of the EABS research group "Law and Narrative"
Memoirs of the Crusades
Gendering historiography : beyond national canons
The American historian : a social-intellectual history of the writing of the American past
Regimes of historicity : presentism and experiences of time
Disembodied souls : the Nefesh in Israel and kindred spirits in the ancient Near East, with an appendix on the Katumuwa Inscription
Modern historiography : an introduction
After the fall : essays in Russian and Soviet historiography
"This pioneering study explores early medieval Frankish identity as a window into the formation of a distinct Western conception of ethnicity. Focusing on the turbulent and varied history of Frankish identity in Merovingian and Carolingian historiography, it offers a new basis for comparing the history of collective and ethnic identity in the Christian West with other contexts, especially the Islamic and Byzantine worlds. The tremendous political success of the Frankish kingdoms provided the medieval West with fundamental political, religious and social structures, including a change from the Roman perspective on ethnicity as the quality of the 'Other' to the Carolingian perception that a variety of Christian peoples were chosen by God to reign over the former Roman provinces. Interpreting identity as an open ended process, Helmut Reimitz explores the role of Frankish identity in the multiple efforts through which societies tried to find order in the rapidly changing post-Roman world"--
The Italian Risorgimento : state, society and national unification
Political memory in and after the Persian Empire
Interaction on the Page : Paratexts in two manuscripts of the Middle English Polychronicon
Developments in modern historiography
Local history in England
Finnish summary.
History and cultural theory
Historians of India, Pakistan and Ceylon
The Historia imperiale by Riccobaldo Ferrarese translated by Matteo Maria Boiardo (1471-1473)
This is a characteristically provocative and engaging essay from one of the world's most distinguished social scientists. Jack Goody argues that Occidentalist views of our past have continued to dominate, to an unhealthy degree, and that the west has managed to steal credit for the invention of major conceptual categories like democracy, capitalism and individualism, and also to impose its own conceptual categories (especially those of time) onto the rest of the world.The Theft of History will be read by an unusually wide audience of historians, anthropologists and social theorists.
Baroque antiquity : archaeological imagination in early modern Europe
Past imperfect : history according to the movies
A history of historical writing. 1, From the earliest times to the end of the seventeeth century
What do we mean by popular memory
Echoes of the rebellion : the year 1798 in twentieth-century Irish fiction and drama
The Hellenica Oxyrhynchia and historiography : new research perspectives
East Rome, Sasanian Persia and the end of antiquity : historiographical and historical studies
History and religion : narrating a religious past
Main trends in history
The New South : new histories
The uses and abuses of history
A crooked line : from cultural history to the history of society
The wisdom of Egypt : changing visions through the ages
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
What might have been : leading historians on twelve "what ifs" of history
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
"This book studies everyday writing practices among ordinary people in a poor rural society in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Using the abundance of handwritten material produced, disseminated and consumed some centuries after the advent of print as its research material, the book's focus is on its day-to-day usage and on 'minor knowledge,' i.e., text matter originating and rooted primarily in the everyday life of the peasantry"--Provided by publisher.
"Explores the Mantegna's potentially transformative impact on the study of the early Renaissance"--
Historiography in modern India
Marxist historiographies : a global perspective
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
In this provocative analysis of historical narrative, Michel-Rolph Trouillot demonstrates how power operates, often invisibly, at all stages in the making of history to silence certain voices. From the West's failure to acknowledge the Haitian Revolution, the most successful slave revolt in history, to the continued debate over denials of the Holocaust, and the meaning of Columbus's arrival in the Americas, Trouillot shows us that history is not simply the recording of facts and events, but a process of actively enforced silences, some unconscious, others quite deliberate.
Space, borders, maps
On research methodology in ancient and Byzantine history
"This provocative study asks why we have held on to vivid images of the Nazis' total control of the visual and performing arts, even though research has shown that many artists and their works thrived under Hitler. To answer this question, Potter investigates how historians since 1945 wrote about music, art, architecture, theater, film, and dance in Nazi Germany and how their accounts were colored by politics of the Cold War, the fall of communism, and the wish to preserve the idea that true art and politics cannot mix. She doesn't deny that the persecution of Jewish artists and other "enemies of the state" was a high priority in the Third Reich, but this did not erase their artistic legacies from German cultural life. Art of Suppression examines the cultural histories of the Third Reich to help us understand how the circumstances of exile, the Allied occupation of Germany, the Cold War, and the complex meanings of modernism have sustained a distorted and problematic characterization of cultural life in the Third Reich"--Provided by publisher.
Studies of wooden churches in Finland : Josef Strzygowski and Lars Petterson
The Second World War : a Marxist history
Silencing the past : power and the production of history
This volume series presents a collection of critical analyses of the structure, historical development, and composition of the elite strata of late Roman, Byzantine, and early Islamic societies in the eastern Mediterranean basin. Elite culture and elite strata in societies leave an unmistakable record in the literature and in the visual and material culture of the world. The contributors to this series set out to analyze aspects of these phenomena in the late ancient and early medieval eastern Mediterranean world. Culture change, economic foundations, political roles and function, social composition, and background and origins of old and new elites are the focus of the contributions by scholars who deal with the fate of the later Roman elite and its successors. The ways in which elites perceived themselves and how they created, maintained, and enhanced their identity, and the ways in which others both within and outside of their own society and culture saw them are important! themes. The structure of new Byzantine elites and the role of late Roman and Byzantine provincial elite society, the development of new elites in early Islamic society, the role played by pre-state elites and their fluctuating identities in the context of clan and tribal social organizations are all treated.
Public uses and misuses of history in Europe and the United States
History in the making : an absorbing look at how American history has changed in the telling over the last 200 years
This book involves a new historiographical study of the Hellenica Oxyrhynchia that defines its relationship with fifth- and fourth-century historical works as well as its role as a source of Diodorus' Bibliotheke. The traditional and common approach taken by those who studied the HO is primarily historical: scholars have focused on particular, often isolated, topics such as the question of the authorship, the historical perspective of the HO against other Hellenica from the 4th century BC. This book is unconventional in that it offers a study of the HO and fifth- and fourth-century historical works supported by papyrological enquiries and literary strategies, such as intertextuality and narratology, which will undoubtedly contribute to the progress of research in ancient historiography.
Relativism, alternate history, and the forgetful reader : reading science fiction and historiography
Producing the past: making histories inside and outside the academy
Greek historiography
Writing histories in Japan : texts and their transformations from ancient times through the Meiji era
Minor knowledge and microhistory : manuscript culture in the nineteenth century
"As traces left behind by the last two hundred years of profound historical change, architecture and photography contribute both to our contemporary skyline and to our image of the past. Their common history thus provides an indispensable background to every discussion of what has been called the contemporary past - that is, to modernity considered as an open problem rather than a closed historical period. Architecture can be seen as a kind of "macromodernity," a social scope where the diverse discourses of modernity have assumed their most large-scale form. In analogy, photographic media constitute a "micromodernity", where the underside of modern society has been registered, identified, classified, and archived. In both cases, we trace out the irregular borderline between the discursive and its opposite, the "material". At this point of intersection, an interesting confrontation between traditional academic historiography and an artistic application of historical perspectives might be staged. What contribution can architecture and photography make to the exploration of our contemporary past?"--Page [4] of cover.
The reconstruction of American history
University jubilees : a new research area in the history of universities
Conceptualizing/re-conceptualizing Africa : the construction of African historical identity
The Arabs and Islam in late antiquity : a critique of approaches to Arabic sources
The biographer's tale
A history of historical writing. Volume 1 : From the earliest times to the end of the seventeenth century
Emerging themes of African history : Proceedings of the International congress of African historians held at University college, Dar es Salaam, October 1965
The ancient Greek historians
Jan Gossart and the invention of Netherlandish antiquity
National history as cultural process : a survey of the interpretations of Ukraine's past in Polish, Russian, and Ukrainian historical writing from the earliest times to 1914
Art of suppression : confronting the Nazi past in histories of the visual and performing arts
The monk and his message : undermining the myth of history
The history of the Norman people : Wace's Roman de Rou
From the Russian Revolution to the Second World War -- The Post/Word War II Order -- The Soviet Union and its Satellite States -- Pax Americana? -- Blowback -- The Revenge of History.
The classical foundations of modern historiography
On history : Oliver Stone and Tariq Ali  in conversation
The Byzantine and early Islamic Near East : (papers of the First Workshop on Late Antiquity and Early Islam). 1, Problems in the literary source material
Fame and infamy : essays for Christopher Pelling on characterization in Greek and Roman biography and historiography
This volume provides an accessible, comprehensive, and up-to-date survey of the ancient Greek genre of historical writing from its origins before Herodotus to the Greek historians of the Roman imperial era, seven centuries later. Situating historical writing among the forms of epic and lyric poetry, drama, philosophy, and science for which the Greeks are already so well known, Greek Historiography examines individual historians' perspectives on power and human nature as a means of tracing the early evolution of ancient Greek history. From Thucydides to Polybius, the volume considers pervading questions of causation, divine justice, leadership, civilization versus barbarism, legacy, and literary reception. Alongside a sophisticated close reading of texts, Scanlon provides thorough summaries that signpost key passages and highlight thematic links, to help readers navigate their way through the original texts.
A history of historical writing
"This collection explores built environments and visual narratives in Asia via cartography, icons and symbols in different historical settings. It grows out of a three-year project focusing on cultural exchange in the making of Asia's boundaries as well as its architectural styles and achievements. The editors -- architectural scholars at University of Delaware, Seattle University, University of Washington and Harvard University, respectively -- attracted contributions from Asia, Europe, and North America. The manuscript consists of three sections -- in Mapping Asia: Architectural Symbols from Medieval to Early Modern Periods, authors examine icons and symbols in maps and textual descriptions and other early evidence about Asian architecture. Incorporating archival materials from Asia and Europe, the essays present views of Asian architecture seen from those who lived on the continent, those who saw themselves residing along the margins, and those who identified themselves as outsiders. The second section, Conjugating Asia: The Long-Nineteenth Century and its Impetus, explores the construction of the field of Asian architecture and the political imagination of Asian built environments in the nineteenth century. It discusses the parallel narratives of colonialism and Orientalism in the construction of Asia and its architectural environment, mapping how empire-expanding influences from Europe and North America have defined "Asia" and its regions through new vocabularies and concepts, which include, among others, "Eurasia, " "Jap-Alaska, " "Asie coloniale, " "the Orient, " and "Further India." The third section, Manifesting Asia: Building the Continent with Architecture, addresses the physical realization of "Asian" geographic ideas within a set of specific local and regional contexts in the twentieth century. It examines tangible constructions as legible documents of these notional constructions of Asia, and discusses their construction processes, materials and critical receptions as evidence of the physical's reciprocal relationship to the conceptual. Regions and conditions covered include French Indochina, Iran, post-Soviet Central Asia, Japanese landscape, and the construction of the Afro-Asian built environment."--Publisher's website
Catalogue of medieval manuscript fragments in the Helsinki University Library : Fragmenta membranea. 4:1, Antiphonaria : text
The Arabic historical tradition and the early Islamic conquests : folklore, tribal lore, holy war
Frank Ankersmit's lost historical cause : a journey from language to experience
The power of antiquity:the Hyperborean research tradition in early modern Swedish research on national antiquity
Intentional history : spinning time in ancient Greece
"Why were seventeenth-century antiquarians so spectacularly wrong? Even if they knew what ancient monuments looked like, they deliberately distorted the representation of them in print. Deciphering the printed reconstructions of Giacomo Lauro and Athanasius Kircher, this pioneer study uncovers an antiquity born with print culture itself and from the need to accommodate competitive publishers, ambitious patrons, and powerful popes. By analyzing the elements of fantasy in Lauro and Kircher's archaeological visions new levels of meaning appear. Instead of being testimonies of failed archaeology, they emerge as complex architectural messages responding to moral, political, and religious issues of the day. This book combines several histories--print, archaeology, architecture--in the attempt to identify early modern strategies of recovering lost Rome. Many books have been written on antiquity in the Renaissance, but this book defines an antiquity that is particularly Baroque"--
The Peterborough version of the Anglo-Saxon chronicle : rewriting post-conquest history
Western and Russian historiography : recent views
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
The ancient state of Puyŏ in northeast Asia : archaeology and historical memory
Writing history
New perspectives on historical writing
Shadows of trauma : memory and the politics of postwar identity
The future of the past : new perspectives on Ukrainian history
Interpretations of American history : patterns and perspectives. 2, Volume II: Since revolution
Ubi sumus? : the state of naval and maritime history
Reimagining business history
The uses of space in early modern history
Liber Eliensis : a history of the Isle of Ely from the seventh century to the twelfth
The Elizabethan invention of Anglo-Saxon England : Laurence Nowell, William Lambarde, and the study of Old English
The Oxford history of historical writing. Vol. 2, 400-1400
The distorted past : a reinterpretation of Europe
Futures past : on the semantics of historical time
Why study the past? : the quest for the historical church
American history in American thought : Christopher Columbus to Henry Adams
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
The significance of the frontier in the American history
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
The other Malaysia : writings on Malaysia's subaltern history
Perspectives on Brazilian history
Astrological prognostications in MS Beinecke 558 : "Sonday prime drye wether"
Palgrave advances in Byzantine history
Social militarisation and the power of history : a study of scholarly perspectives
The structure of Russian history : interpretive essays
Inside an ancient Assyrian palace : looking at Austen Henry Layard's reconstruction
India-studies in the history of an idea
From martyr to murderer : representations of the Assassins in twelfth- and thirteenth-century Europe
"The past has always been elusive: how can we understand people whose worlds were utterly different from our own without imposing our own standards and hindsight? What did things feel like in the moment when outcomes were uncertain? How can we recover the uncertainties of the past, before the outcomes were known? What kind of imagination goes into the writing of transformative history? Are there latent trends that distinguish the kinds of history we now write? How unique was North America among the far-flung peripheries of the early British empire?" --From publisher's website.
Selvages & biases : the fabric of history in American culture
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
Alexander histories and Iranian reflections : remnants of propaganda and resistance
The invention of science : a new history of the scientific revolution
A history of historical writing. 2, The eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
A global history of modern historiography
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
The use and abuse of history
Mapping historians : historians' orientations and historical production
Memory and change in Europe : Eastern perspectives
Architecture, photography and the contemporary past
A history of historical writing. Volume 2 : The eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
The theft of history
This work provides a critique of Arabic textual sources for the history of the Arabs in late antique times, during the centuries immediately preceding Muhammad and up to and including the Umayyad period. Aziz Al-Azmeh considers the value and relevance of a range of literary sources, including orality and literacy, ancient Arabic poetry, the corpus of Arab heroic lore (ayyam), the early narrative, and the Qur'an, for the reconstruction of the social, political, cultural and religious history of the Arabs.
Crisis in the later Middle Ages : beyond the Postan-Duby paradigm
History and criticism
History and fiction : writers, their research, worlds and stories
Prophets of decline : the global histories of Brooks Adams, Oswald Spengler and Arnold Toynbee in the United States 1896-1961
Shaping identity in Eastern Europe and Russia : Soviet-Russian and Polish accounts of Ukrainian history, 1914-1991
Boulainvilliers and the French monarchy : aristocratic politics in early eighteenth-century France
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Architecturalized Asia : mapping a continent through history
Annotated indices to the Kokand Chronicles
History and communications : Harold Innis, Marshall McLuhan, the interpretation of history
Where is history today? : new ways of representing the past
The present and the past in medieval Irish chronicles
The long twelfth-century view of the Anglo-Saxon past
Heritage and challenge : the history and theory of history
Media history and the archive
The Battle of Kulikovo refought : "the first national feat"
Historical truth and lies about the past : reflections on Dewey, Dreyfus, de Man, and Reagan
"The study of space and place is unquestionably becoming an important research focus in the humanities and social sciences. And while there is an expanding body of theoretical work on the importance of these concepts in various disciplines, less attention has been paid to how spatial ideas and approaches can actually be deployed to understand the societies, cultures, and mentalities of the past. In this volume, leading experts explore the uses of space in two respects: how spatial concepts can be employed by or applied to the study of history, and how spaces and spatial ideas were used for practical and ideological purposes in specific periods. Together, the contributors represent a comprehensive range of disciplines concerned with space and history, including archaeology, social history, intellectual history, imperial history, geography, and cartography, allowing for an unusually broad variety of case studies and perspectives"--
Probing our past
Writing the history of crime
Soviet literature of 1965-1969 on the history of the U.S.S.R.'s foreign policy and international relations
Salomon Ilmonen, early Finnish-American historian
Sometimes an art : nine essays on history
Theories and narratives : reflections on the philosophy of history
Alan Turing : the enigma
The past as text : the theory and practice of medieval historiography
Experience and history : phenomenological perspectives on the historical world
The myth of the 'new history' : the techniques and tactics of the new mythologists of American history
