http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16922 product life cycle
product life cycle product life span
SAP® ERP Upgrade and Testing : Case: Haaga-Helia UAS
Life cycle and internationalization of Finnish software product companies
Life cycle assessment : what it is and how to do it
Aligning corporate lifecycles and product lifecycles
Market research for rainbow aspirator in Germany
Electronics manufacturing processes
Materials and the environment : eco-informed material choice
Life Cycle Assissment of milk production : a comparison of conventional and organic farming
Life-span development : frameworks, accounts and strategies
Application Lifecycle Management for Safety-Critical Software Development
Videogame marketing and product life cycle management : case of Nintendo
Industrial innovation and international trading performance
Systems engineering simplified
Environment and the OECD guidelines for multinational enterprises : corporate tools and approaches
Cloud service life cycle management in context of FreeNest service
Assessment of packaging material life cycle
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment: Measuring the Environmental Performance of Products
Life-Cycle Assessment : Inventory Guidelines and Principles
An Introduction to evolutionary product development
DRIVE YOUR IDEA TO ENTREPRENEURIAL SUCCESS
Life-cycle management for transportable storage and ADR-containers
Technology and manufacturing process selection : the product life cycle perspective
Product lifecycle management. Volume 1, 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Delivery capability in rapid productisation
Sustainability assessment of renewables-based products : methods and case studies
Understanding green building materials
Transitions and the lifecourse : challenging the constructions of 'growing old'
Financial control practices in new product development : Case Nokia TGW unit
A collaborative process of product lifecycle management for railway signalling infrastructure
The long view of crime : a synthesis of longitudinal research
Planned Obsolescence : a question of consumerism and production of waste
Role of wood-based products in absorbing atmospheric carbon
Life cycle assessment of road construction
Customer profitability analysis in the software product business : A constructive case study
Operations management : a system approach
A study on life cycle assessment of dental prosthesis
Life cycle inventory analysis of hard coal based electricity generation
PLM-ERP integration
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Life cycle assessment and ecodesign in a day : lessons learned from a series of LCA clinics for start-ups and small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
Prevention of textile waste : material flows of textiles in three Nordic countries and suggestions on policy instruments
Lifecycle Study for Information Technology Systems in the Cold Rolling Plant 1
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 7, Performance evaluation for feedback of service life data from practice
Slow life : sustainable, local, organic, wholesome, learning, inspring, fun, experiences
Getting competitive : middle managers and the cycle time ethic
Creation and maintenance of material replacement chain
Reliability technology : principles and practice of failure prevention in electronic systems
Regional science-based clusters : a case study of three European concentrations
Product portfolio management over horizontal and vertical portfolios
Integrated lifecycle services for persons with disabilities : a theoretical and empirical perspective
Product concept analysis for guidance monitoring limited
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 5, Life-cycle costing
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 6, Procedures for considering environmental impacts
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 8, Reference service life and service-life estimation
Tools of integrated life cycle management in the search of sustainable development
Rapid productization – empirical study on preconditions and challenges
Sustainability strategies for business : an integrated approach with a life cycle perspective
This thesis project was launched to solve technical problems and to create processes and the technical solutions needed in managing the life cycle of a new full disk encryption software product. Background for the technical problems was that old encryption software needed to be removed and the new version installed but the centralized management tools on the old product were not operational. The following tasks were the project goals: Create a safe removal mechanism for the old encryption product. Create a new delivery and installation mechanism for the new encryption product. This included the changes needed to convert a test environment to production environment by adjusting the environment settings and installation parameters. Write documentation of the environment and guides how to manage the product.    This project was responsible in delivering the solution how the deployment should be done but not to follow through the whole deployment since it could take several months. The project was accomplished by first investigating the old encryption environment and solving the uninstall problem with a few changes to the server.  After that a new installation package and delivery method was created and documented. Installation procedures where tested and improved during the testing phase  This project started on 08.03.2009 and ended on 11.06.2009 The project produced solution for the encryption product change on two operating systems (w2000 & XP) and found out critical problems on the third platform (Vista) which led to a recommendation to study other available options or to wait for a new release of the encryption software.
The introduction of the sport of padel into Finland
Supply web integrated life cycle assessment : introduction to a management model and experiences from a pilot project
IT artefact renewal : triggers, timing and benefits
Environmental issues concerning Wärtsilä's diesel power plant projects and sites
Use less stuff : environmental solutions for who we really are
From the early years of modern software development to almost up to millennium the software development was more concentrated on making applications than making the whole application lifecycle. All the parts of the application lifecycle have been existent but they have not been merged into one entity like ALM process (application lifecycle management) is doing now.    In general ALM process is divided into three main phases which Wikipedia has defined as governance, development and maintenance. Most manufacturers define and name these parts differently, which should be taken into account when discussing ALM solution with different companies or people. There is also another process called SDLC (software devel-opment lifecycle) which has been mistakenly understood equivalent with ALM. Generally speaking, SDLC covers only one part of ALM which is development.    What is ALM process anyway? If you search on the internet you get multiple answers which vary. In brief it can be defined as integrating multiple software development tools into one framework or solution where all tools interact with each other real-time. If you also include business management and engineering skills to this environment you are close to ALM.    What people or companies benefit from ALM process? ALM at its best integrates the whole application lifecycle management, automates processes and integrates tools that are related to each other. This also means that sending emails, making phone calls and having meetings about everything will not be necessary anymore. Thus, a lot of money and time will be saved.
10 years of monitoring business survival and mortality
On the possibilities of life-cycle assessment : development of methodology and review of case studies
The economics of the nuclear fuel cycle
Managing product life cycle data using automatic identification
Energy anf Lifecycle-efficient Metal Processes : final report 5/2014
The culture of planned obsolescence in technology companies
Environmental life cycle assessment of products : backgrounds - October 1992
Land use in life cycle assessment
Life history of an Arctic crustacean Onisimus caricus (Amphipoda: Lysianassidae) as deduced from baited trap samples taken from Adventfjorden, Svalbard
Innovation in product design : from CAD to virtual prototyping
The purpose of this Master’s thesis was to identify the status of the lifecycle for the IT components used in the production in Cold Rolling Plant, Outokumpu Tornio Site. Other purposes were to clarify the availability of support and spare parts, and to analyze if the components can be upgraded or replaced with newer ones. One purpose was also to get a view of the used equipment in production lines and to study methods for lifecycle management. This study covers the basics provided by ITIL and the global manufacturers, ABB and Siemens. The study included field surveys and spreadsheets were created based on the surveys. During the field surveys, all IT components were photographed and finally over 700 photos were analyzed with a system documentation. This study and the result from the field surveys can be used as a base for the IT system development and for developing daily routines. It gives views for the lifecycles and used equipment in the IT systems in the production and acts as a successful approach for collecting data from the field. The results are company confidential information and separated from the published version.
Semantic visualization for smart spaces : merging the material and digital worlds
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 10, When to assess functional performance
Material flow models in environmental policy planning : case: pulp and paper industry
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 1, General principles and framework
STRATEGIC MARKETING PLAN IN PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE
Customer-oriented lifecycle
The Magic School Bus: Inside a Beehive
Environmental Life Cycle Assessment is an introductory college level textbook on the science of Life Cycle Assessment. It provides materials for a full year of study. Over thirty LCA experts were brought together by the American Center for Life Cycle Assessment, with full redundant editing to provide a consistent and comprehensive coverage of this broad field of study. Exercises are provide for each topic, covering everything from the nuts and bolts of the science to issues such as ethics and communication. Students using this textbook need only practical experience (as can be provided in lab courses) to be able to sit the exam for Life Cycle Assessment Certified Professionals.
Everything you need to know about animals
Strengths and challenges in the Finnish waste electrical and electronic equipment recovery system:consumers’ perceptions and participation
Implementing Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration API for the FreeNest platform
Ethical point of view in design
A method for strategic technical life cycle management of real estates
Rapid productization - empirical study on preconditions and challenges
Product lifecycle management : the devil is in the details. Volume 2, 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Tinting systems process and launching plan : case Tikkurila
Environmental impacts of conventionally and year-round produced greenhouse tomato (Solanum lycopersicum L.) production chain in Finland
Decision making towards sustainability in process industry : drivers, barriers and business opportunities
Carbon nanoparticles in aquatic environments : fate of fullerenes (C60) in freshwaters and their effects on organisms
Review of the methods for the development of information security policies at organizations
Environmental aspects related to nanomaterials
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
Assessment of Packaging Material Life Cycle
Energy and Life-cycle Cost Efficient Machines : final report 2/2014 : 2009-2014
Evaluating new product life cycle profitability: Nokia Mobile Phones Special Products
Sustainable LCA of biofuels : comparison of different types of biofuels in their life cycle stages
The environment has of recent become a major concern of individuals, organisations and the government, unlike the non-challant attitude shown towards it in time past. Various positive actions and moves have been taken which are effectively backed up by laws in ensuring a drastic reduction in the burden placed on it from the daily human activities, most especially in the manufacturing sector. Some of these moves involve the determination of the total effects a good or service has on the environment, which is effectively carried out with the Life Cycle Assessment LCA technique. Umberto software for carbon footprint was used in this study which was aimed at determining the effects of the production, assembly, testing, use, and final disposal or recycling of a Hydraulic Water Pump HWP on the environment. The entire life cycle of the HWP was assessed following the basic LCA process. The HWP that was assessed is one of the numerous products made by company X. The HWP had the highest carbon footprint from the raw materials phase of its life cycle, which was 72,96 kg CO2-eq out of the total 95,78  kg CO2-eq calculated for the five life cycle phases, while the least recorded environmental effect was from its distribution/retail phase of the life cycle, with 0,04 kg CO2-eq.
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 2, Service life prediction procedures
Enhancing understanding of company-wide product data management in ICT companies
Analyses for durability and system design lifetime : a multidisciplinary approach
Cleaner technologies and cleaner products for sustainable development
The product lifecycle management of emergency diesel generator set
Life-cycle covering traceability and information management for electronic product using RFID
Full Product Transparency (FTP) is a clear mechanism for showing the environmental impacts of your products and it has been shown to revolutionise and align consumer behaviour, supply chains, policy-making and reporting. This DoShort will provide you with an understanding of how this works and how to implement FTP in your organization.
Decision support approaches : life cycle assessment (LCA) and substance flow analysis (SFA)
cPLM : design of product structure
"The Project Management Lifecycle" is the first book of its kind, providing a complete methodology for the management of projects. No longer will managers have to outsource to large consulting firms to ensure that their project is managed in a methodical fashion. Managers will now be able to implement best practice methods in-house saving them time and money. This book reveals the unique Method 123 Project Management Methodology by defining the phases, activities and tasks required to complete a project. It's different because it describes the lifecycle clearly and prescriptively, without the complex terminology rife throughout the industry. Its comprehensive coverage, consistent depth and suite of tools will help managers to undertake projects successfully.
Contract Lifecycle Management on the sell-side : a case study in upstream Oil and Gas industry
Database design for smarties : using UML for data modeling
And the mountains echoed
Guidelines on life cycle inventory analysis of pulp and paper
Evolution of the automobile industry in MERCOSUR : trends and strategic moves of TNCs in the region
Adults with Down syndrome
Environmental management. Volume III, Instruments for implementation
Towards an Application Lifecycle Management framework
Life-cycle analysis - a challenge for forestry and forest industry : proceedings of the International Workshop organised by the European Forest Institute and the Federal Research Centre for Forestry and Forest products, 3-5 May 1995, Hamburg, Germany
Assessment of environmental impacts with life cycle methods in nanotechnology industry
Managing product life cycles : from start to finish
Sustainability assessment of forest resources - tools for a problem-orientated approach
Cloud product capability assessment method
Counseling across the lifespan : prevention and treatment
PLM-ERP INTEGRATION
Engineering economic analysis international
Life cycle impact assessment
Life Cycle Assessment and its Role in Marketing
Investigation of the energy payback of the Mervento 3.6-118 wind turbine
Atmospheric impact of bioenergy based on reed canary grass cultivation on organic soil
Life-cycle assessment of a spanish wind farm
A case study. Evaluation of utilization of ITIL Service Design Framework service definitions in hosting contract
Life Cycle Assessment Guideline for Protection Relay : 615 series
PLM vision 2016 and beyond
Affordable reliability engineering : life-cycle cost analysis for sustainability and logistical support
Combining ecological and economic assessment of waste management options : case newspaper
Full product transparency : cutting the fluff out of sustainability
New optimal process of making a guitar
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 9, Guidance on assessment of service-life data
Climate impacts of peat fuel utilization chains : a critical review of the Finnish and Swedish life cycle assessments
Life cycle assessment of hydraulic water pump
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
LCA methodology and raw material aspect of forest industry
How to measure the environmental risks from uses of plant protection products for achieving the IPM requirements and risk communication : a case study on the production chain of cereal farming in Finland
Econophysics and companies : statistical life and death in complex business networks
Life cycle assessment in industry and business : adoption patterns, applications and implications
Elinkaaritekniikan sanasto = Ordlista för livscykelteknik = Glossary of Lifetime Engineering = Wörterverzeichnis der Lebenszyklustechnik
Carbon footprint of the raw materials of an urban transit bus : case study: diesel, hybrid, electric and converted electric bus
Integrating forestry into the life cycle assessment (LCA) of forest products
Tiivistelmä: Implementing Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration API for the FreeNest platform.
Creative brand launch in phamaceutical over-the-counter markets : case Burana
Sustainable fashion and textiles : design journeys
Environmental Management Plan for Wärtsilä Power Plants
Supply chain strategy optimization along the product life cycle
LCC & service life planning : ISO15686 is coming
Introduction to energy analysis
Introduction to product/service-system design
Customer Satisfaction through Product Lifecycle Management Process : Action Research
Buildings and constructed assets : service life planning. Part 3, Performance audits and reviews
Architects, Designers, And Contractors are increasingly familiar with the policies, procedures, and guidelines for achieving sustainable, or "green" building standards. But what about the green building materials themselves? What are they, what are the options, and how shuld you decide what to specify? --
From PBX to wireless office
Lifecycle study for information technology systems in the Cold Rolling Plant 1
Property management by calculatory methods
Business ecology : giving your organization the natural edge
Analysis and life cycle assessment of printed antennas for sustainable wireless systems
This thesis covers a market research for the client's new service concept. The new service concept is a networking channel for the client's customers. The client company wants to know whether this service concept is worth investing in. The market research also reveals whether the company?s existing customers will see added value in this service. This market research will also give information to the client company about the possibility to separate from it's competitors with this service. In the conclusion part also the benefits for the client company has been taken into consideration. The theoretical part of this thesis consists of three parts. The first of these parts consists of background information for the work. In this chapter subjects like product life cycle management and product data management are reviewed. The second theoretical part deals with issues concerning data, information and knowledge. Two main topics in the chapter are knowledge management and information systems. In this chapter the meaning of knowledge management is explained. Why companies should pursue it is also described. There are many information systems for various purposes and these are reviewed later on in this chapter. The third and the last theoretical chapter is about how to perform market research. The process and methods around market research are explained carefully. The market research for the client company was carried out by making telephone calls and sending the survey questionnaire to the target group companies. The target group consisted of carefully chosed companies from clients existing customers. Telephone calls for the respondents were made because the service is new and unknown for the target group. In these calls the service was explained closely and the respondents were asked to answer the survey. Many techniques from theorical part of the market research was used in the empirical part.Also other theorical chapters were exploit to fully understand the empirical study. This market research provides a good premise for the decision making unit whether to launch this service concept. At the moment companies use several different techniques and channels to search for customers. This service would help companies to search for potential customers from a single place. Launching this service would also be beneficial for client company.
Pilot thyratron tracking and management system
Environment conscious manufacturing
Comparative life cycle assessment of three office buildings
The groundwater pollution of Korneuburg, Austria : its issue life-cycle in the public discourse and collaboration and confrontation strategies of actors
Greenhouse impact assessment of some combustible fuels with a dynamic life cycle approach
Development of service business case practices in case company
Environmental life cycle analysis
Evaluation of environmental impacts in life cycle assessment
A radical innovations's contribution to a company's development : case: Benecol
Textile exerts various environmental impacts throughout its life cycle. Prevention of textile waste is one means to reduce these impacts. This study seeks to map-out the flow of textile products in the three Nordic Countries - Denmark, Finland and Sweden - from the time they are put on the market until they are discarded. Based on the findings on the flows as well as on the perception of stakeholders, the study reviews and discusses government interventions that may be useful for the enhancement of textile waste prevention. Potential use of various policy instruments based on the concept of extended producer responsibility (EPR) is analysed. The study indicates a handful of areas where further research is needed in order to fine-tune policy actions that would best address the situation specific to the case countries.
SUBSTITUTION OF PLASTIC BAG BY JUTE BAG- CASE COMPANY REDQ : Support on Sustainable Environment
Market research for PLM Group's new service concept
The project management lifecycle : a complete step-by-step methodology for initiating, planning, executing and closing a project successfully
A maze of new products, manufacturers, and standards are routinely introduced, leaving professionals to wonder what's best for their projects. This handy primer--the perfect companion to Traci Rider's Understanding Green Building Guidelines--summarizes the materials available, compares their advantages and disadvantages, explains how to use them and explores the considerations for choosing among them. From eco-friendly sheetrock to sustainable paint finishes, it lays out the basics of green building products, helping architecture and design professionals make sense of the fast-paced building movement. --Book Jacket.
Using ALM tool in quality assurance and cost-effectiveness development
Item-level life-cycle model for maintenance networks : from cost to additional value
Risk Management of Municipal Turnkey Project : Case Evrostroi-S Company
