http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16915 mandolin
mandolin
Chords for mandolin, irish banjo, bouzouki, tenor mandola, mandocello : easy chords in all keys, with sections on tunings, capos and chord-relations
Mandolin fundamentals for all players. 2, Mastering chords and theory
Gibson guitars : 100 years of an American icon
Learn to play the Alfred way mandolin
Old Time Mandolin Solos
Classic bluegrass solos for mandolin
Mandolin Christmas songbook
Vivaldi Concertos for Mandolin
Mandolin chord finder
A guide to octave mandolin & bouzouki
Folk songs for mandolin : [sing, strum, and pick along : over 40 traditional favorites]
Hal Leonard Mandolin Method : for beginning players : Music and tablature
Christmas carols for mandolin
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2009
Essential techniques for mandolin
The mandolin album : a collection of original compositions and newly arranged classical pieces featuring the mandolin, mandola and mandocello
The bluegrass mandolin  of Ronnie McCoury
Acoustic guitars and other fretted instruments : a photographic history
Hal Leonard mandolin method. Book 2
Mel Bay's complete Jethro Burns mandolin book
Basic techniques of classical Mandolin
Mel Bay's deluxe country mandolin method : written in both musical notation and tablature : a complete study for the beginning to intermediate student explaining every facet of country mandolin styles
A mandolin anthology
13 tango passions for mandolin and guitar
The Mel Bay mandolin method. Volume 2
How to play mandolin / tottle
Pop classics for mandolin : strum, sing, and pick along with 20 timeless hits!
Mandolin : chords, scales, tuning, hot licks
Mel Bay's complete Jethro Burns mandolin book : In notation & tablature
Mandolin for dummies [Nuottijulkaisu]
School of mandolin : bluegrass classics
Anyone can play Mandolin
You can teach yourself mandolin
Fretboard roadmaps mandolin : the essential patterns that all the pros know and use
50 tunes for mandolin. Volume 1 : traditional, old time, bluegrass & Celtic solos
Highways and heartaches
Disney songs for mandolin : classic melodies arranged for mandolin
Parking lot picker's songbook : mandolin edition
Deluxe bluegrass mandolin method
Play like a legend : Bill Monroe tunes & songs for mandolin
Home is where the heart is
Mel Bay presents bluegrass mandolin techniques
Below the fold
A mandolin player's guide to jamming
Learn to play the Alfred way mandolin : everything you need to know to play the mandolin. Includes strums and a complete chord dictionary
Mandolin chord finder : easy-to-use guide to over 1000 mandolin chords
Mel Bay's deluxe country mandolin method
Mel Bay's Mandolin Chords
Mandolin uff da! : Let's dance! : Scandinavian fiddle tunes & house party music
Gypsy Swing & Hot Club Rhythm. II : for mandolin
First lessons : mandolin
Mandolin
Fun with strums. Mandolin : level 2
Bluegrass mandolin : music minus one mandolin
First 50 songs you should play on mandolin
Swing & jazz mandolin : chords, rhythm & songs
Celtic mandolin
Gruhn's guide to vintage guitars
How to play mandolin
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2012
Guitar heroes : legendary craftsmen from Italy to New York
Master mandolinist
The Mandolin and Bouzouki of Tim O'Brien : Playing celtic, bluegrass and contemporary songs
TEACH YOURSELF BLUEGRASS MANDOLIN
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2011
The complete mandolinist : a comprehensive method
Mandolin chords
Learn to play the Alfred way mandolin : everything you need to know to play the mandolin : includes strums and a complete chord dictionary
Mandolin fundamentals for all players. 1, Building technique through exercises and melodic studies
The Mel Bay mandolin method. Volume 1
Secrets songs & tunes
Hal Leonard mandolin method : For beginning players
Mandolin chords: made easy
Learn to play the Alfred way Mandolin
The Bob Dylan mandolin chord songbook
Play mandolin today! : a complete guide to the basics. Level one
Mandolin exercises for dummies
Mandolin chord book
The mandolin picker's guide to bluegrass improvisation
Mel Bay's beginning mandolin solos
Mandolin chords made easy : Large print edition
Bluegrass mandolin technique : fully tabulated with guitar accompaniment
Bluegrass mandolin
Mel Bay's anthology of mandolin music
The Sam Bush mandolin method
Shady grove : mandolin solos with melodies and chords
The Music of Bill Monroe : from 1936 to 1994
Mel Bay's mandolin chords
Classical mandolin : the art of the tremolo : enhance your technique, control and musicianship
The chord book
School of mandolin : bluegrass
Mandolin chords [DVD-liite]
The mandolin : a history
Life of sorrow
All about rhythm mandolin! : chops, strums, timing, accents and accompaniments
Cantabile : duets for mandolin and guitar
The encyclopedia of mandolin chords : over 1000 standard chords presented in easy-to-read diagrams
The mandolin manual : the art, craft and science and the mandolin and mandola
Mel Bay's complete mandolin method
Mandolin : learn to play the Alfred way : everything you need to know to play the mandolin : includes strums and a complete chord dictionary
Mandolin method. 1
A method for mandolin
Teach yourself to play mandolin : everything you need to know to start playing now!
Mel Bay's learn to play bluegrass mandolin
Martin guitars : a technical reference
Duo-style A to Z : a comprehensive method for solo mandolin in duo-style, from entry level to artis level
Mandolin for dummies
Exploring classical mandolin : technique & repertoire
Italian favorites for accordion
The Mandolin album
ASAP bluegrass mandolin : learn how to play the bluegrass way
Teach yourself bluesgrass mandolin
Modes on mandolin : improving your improvisation
The irish mandolin
Mandolin blues
Jammin' bluegrass mandolin
Sonatas and partitas for unaccompanied violin
American mandolin method. Volume 2, Intermediate tunes and techniques
Early mandolin classics. Volume 1
American mandolin method. Volume 1
The David Grisman Rounder album
Mandolin chords made easy
History of the mandolin : the instrument, its exponents and its literature from the seventeenth until the early twentieth century
John McGann's sound fundamentals: touch, tone & technique for mandolin
The ultimate bluegrass mandolin construction manual
A complete guide to learning the Irish mandolin
Mandolin scale finder : easy-to-use guide over 1300 mandolin chords
The Mandolin of Bill Monroe. Video one
Mel Bay's learn to play blue grass mandolin
Christmas carols
The official Vintage Guitar Magazine price guide 2002
Jazz mandolin : from Bill Monroe to be-bop
Mandolin chord encyclopedia : 36 chords in each key
Early mandolin classics. 1
A variety of mandolin music
