http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16909 media agencies
media agencies
Journalism in Latvia : a profession in transition
Showreel.02 : 56 projects on audiovisual design
Effects of social media marketing on operations of a travel
Interfax : breaking into global news
The effect of media convergence on advertising and media agencies’ service offering
Media firms : structures, operations and performance
Digital marketing plan for a news agency
The aim of this research was to find out that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations by using social media. Saimaan Matkaverkko is a travelling company founded in 1996 and they are focused on making excursions to Russia. The company made their first Facebook page in spring 2010 and in addition to that they have only home pages. They were interested in finding out that what opportunities can social media and social networks give to the company.  The research is presenting social media and the main social networks and the term Web 2.0 to help Saimaan Matkaverkko to understand what different networks there are and how can the technology benefit the company. Then the research is explaining how the role of marketing and the 4 P's of marketing mix have changed because of social media by using Sami Salmenkivi's CREF model. This is introduced because it is essential to Saimaan Matkaverkko to know how social media has changed marketing behavior. Based on this knowledge the research is introducing benefits and challenges what social media brings to the company.  The research is based on theoretical part but in addition to get more knowledge about the topic, I made an online survey, where is used both quantitative and qualitative research methods. The survey was sent to different travelling agencies, working in Finland to explore how much knowledge they had about social media. Based on the theoretical part and the survey there are different ways introduced in the end of the research that how can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value to their daily business operations when using social networks.
Scandal and silence : media responses to presidential misconduct
How disruption brought order : the story of a winning strategy in the world of advertising
Internet marketing bible for accountants : the complete guide to using social media and online advertising including Facebook, Twitter, Google and Linkedin for cpas and accounting firms
The art of experimental interaction design
Zero to five
Mass communication in Japan
Customer's views of the brand Detur Finland Ltd after the TV program "Matkaoppaat"
The creation of the media : political origins of modern communications
News and news sources : a critical introduction
The practice of advertising
The handwise offices
Digitaaliajan taidelaboratorio = An art laboratory for the digital age
Social communication in advertising : persons, products & images of well-being
Abstract.
Designing a Booking System for Media Agency Use
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications perspective
Global communication : theories, stakeholders and trends
Simply marketing communications
Media system and news selections in Namibia
Breaking news : mastering the art of disruptive innovation in journalism
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Baltic media book. 2000.
Image brokers : visualizing world news in the age of digital circulation
The global and the national : media and communications in post-Communist Russia
Contesting media power : alternative media in a networked world
Magnum cinema : photographs from 50 years of movie-making
Building and testing a framework for understanding and achieving client needing - media company service offering alignment
English summary.
Audience economics : media institutions and the audience marketplace
Social media as a tool for recruiting : in a perspective of a small consulting company
On the frontiers of the media landscape – organisational new media buying in network context
Showreel.01 : 53 projects on audiovisual design
Journalism and new media
Advertising : principles & practice
Global communication : theories, stakeholders, and trends
How to crystallize an organization's identity : case Mediaplanet
The advertising handbook
Advertising and promotion : an integrated marketing communications approach
The travel marketer's guide to social media and social networks : sales and marketing in a web 2.0 world
How can Saimaan Matkaverkko get added value by using social media
Press directory Finland. 2006
The marketing communications industry in flux : large B2C advertisers' viewpoint
