http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p16996 radio advertising
radio advertising
Contemporary advertising
The One Show : judged to be advertising's best print, radio, TV. volume 18
Advertising : principles & practice
Advertising for dummies
Smoke that cigarette : pleasure to burn
But first, these messages... : the selling of broadcast advertising
The one show : advertisingś best print, design, radio, TV. Vol 23
Promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the web
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
D&AD09 : the best advertising and design in the world
The economics of sport and the media
The One Show : judged to be advertising's best print, radio, TV : volume 20
Beyond powerful radio : a communicator's guide to the internet age : news, talk, information & personality for broadcasting, podcasting, internet, radio
"Hey, Whipple, Squeeze This." : a guide to creating great ads
Radio production : a manual for broadcasters
The radio station : broadcast, satellite & internet
The one show volume 29 : advertisingś best print, radio, television and innovative media
Media promotion and marketing for broadcasting, cable, and the Internet
Advertising creative : strategy, copy, design
Advertising in the broadcast and cable media
The One Show : advertising's best print, radio, television and innovative media
Customer relationship marketing
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
The unwritten rules of copywriting : a guide to better press, poster, TV, radio and Web site advertising
Selling radio : the commercialization of American broadcasting 1920-1934
Discrimination and popular culture
Broadcast and cable selling
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Ping : how to tap into the power of traditional and social media to massively improve your profile and profits
Radio active : advertising and consumer activism, 1935-1947
The best of British illustration : the Association of Illustrators 4th annual
Businesses' mental images on advertising on the radio in the Northern Savo region
Vuoden huiput 1999 = the best of the year 1999.
Writing music for commercials : television, radio, and new media
Media research techniques
Media regulation : governance and the interests of citizens and consumers
How to write great copy : learn the unwritten rules of copywriting
Essentials of contemporary advertising
The art of voice acting : the craft and business of performing for voice-over
Stay tuned : a history of American broadcasting
The Advertising Kit : a complete guide for small businesses
Radio production
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
Strategic copywriting : how to create effective advertising
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
How to make great radio : techniques and tips for today's broadcasters and producers
Exploring the media : text, industry, audience
The fundamentals of creative advertising
Advertising creative : strategy, copy + design
Kleppner's advertising procedure
Broadcasting law : A comparative study
Climbing the charts : what radio airplay tells us about the diffusion of innovation
Aurora Dawn or, the true history of Andrew Reale  ..
The One Show 2000 : advertising's best print, radio, TV : volume 22
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
Baltic media book. 2000.
Planning and establishing a radio advertising measurement system
Advertising and the mind of the consumer : what works, what doesn't, and why
The radio & television commercial
The advertising concept book : think now, design later : a complete guide to creative ideas, strategies and campaigns
Latin America by radio
Broadcast/cable copywriting
Introduction to mass communication : media literacy and culture
Radio advertising : the authoritative handbook
As heard on TV : popular music in advertising
Journalism in Latvia : a profession in transition
The practice of advertising
Challenges of Russian-speaking radio in Finland : case study: Radio Sputnik
The dynamics of mass communication : media in the digital age
Gravitational marketing : the science of attracting customers
The media of mass communication
