http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17036 specialisation
specialisation
Spatial processes in ecology and evolution, and implications for conservation
Outokumpu as a knowledge-driven company
Rethinking expertise
Oulu art paper shakes the market
Flavonoids and other phenolic compounds : characterization and interactions with lepidopteran and sawfly larvae
Competitiveness of small travel agencies : impacts of specialization
CRM in action: maximizing value through market segmentation, product differentiation & customer retention
Differentiation in pulp and paper business
The story of the Christmas tree
Population genetics, food-plant specialization, and local adaptation of insect herbivores living in a fragmented landscape
"For readers of Atul Gawande, Andrew Solomon, and Anne Lamott, a profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir by a young neurosurgeon faced with a terminal cancer diagnosis who attempts to answer the question What makes a life worth living? At the age of thirty-six, on the verge of completing a decade's worth of training as a neurosurgeon, Paul Kalanithi was diagnosed with stage IV lung cancer. One day he was a doctor treating the dying, and the next he was a patient struggling to live. And just like that, the future he and his wife had imagined evaporated. When Breath Becomes Air chronicles Kalanithi's transformation from a naive medical student "possessed," as he wrote, "by the question of what, given that all organisms die, makes a virtuous and meaningful life" into a neurosurgeon at Stanford working in the brain, the most critical place for human identity, and finally into a patient and new father confronting his own mortality.  What makes life worth living in the face of death? What do you do when the future, no longer a ladder toward your goals in life, flattens out into a perpetual present? What does it mean to have a child, to nurture a new life as another fades away? These are some of the questions Kalanithi wrestles with in this profoundly moving, exquisitely observed memoir.  Paul Kalanithi died in March 2015, while working on this book, yet his words live on as a guide and a gift to us all. "I began to realize that coming face to face with my own mortality, in a sense, had changed nothing and everything," he wrote. "Seven words from Samuel Beckett began to repeat in my head: 'I can't go on. I'll go on.'" When Breath Becomes Air is an unforgettable, life-affirming reflection on the challenge of facing death and on the relationship between doctor and patient, from a brilliant writer who became both.  Advance praise for When Breath Becomes Air    "Rattling, heartbreaking, and ultimately beautiful, the too-young Dr. Kalanithi's memoir is proof that the dying are the ones who have the most to teach us about life."--Atul Gawande  "Thanks to When Breath Becomes Air, those of us who never met Paul Kalanithi will both mourn his death and benefit from his life. This is one of a handful of books I consider to be a universal donor--I would recommend it to anyone, everyone."--Ann Patchett"--
Contemporary rural systems in transition. Vol. 1, Agriculture and environment
The objective of the research was to map and investigate segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses. Furthermore, the research focused on investigating whether there was a need for segmentation, what kind of criteria can be found for segmentation and what kind of co-operation possibilities there were for golf courses. An international aspect to the research was added by investigating the situation of golf in Sweden. Currently there are 115 golf courses in Finland which are operating mainly on a similar basis. The operation of golf clubs in Finland is professional with profound golf knowledge, golf course masters and training as well as good international contacts. Similarly, the sport itself is traditional possessing rules, etiquette and awareness of environmental issues. However, there is imbalance in the use of golf courses between growth areas and the rest of Finland. Weaknesses can be found in the lack of playing possibilities for players who are not members of a golf club. Similarly, the capacity of golf courses in the growth areas of Finland is limited. These facts formed the background for the research. The research was qualitative with inductive approach. The conceptual framework was derived from the theories in the field of segmentation, consumer behaviour and services. The primary data collection method was group interviews. The data was audio-recorded and transcribed. The transcribed data was categorised and analysed using data reduction, data display and analysis. The research results and conclusions were presented in Finnish. The secondary data sources were various reports and data from the Internet. The research process started in December 2008 and three group interview sessions were held in early May 2009 at HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The research indicated that criteria for segmentation can be found and there were several co-operation possibilities between different golf courses, and with various interest groups. Based on the research findings and conclusions, two different approaches to the differentia-tion of golf courses were suggested; a golf course which would concentrate on a specific area e.g. business golf or competitions or a golf course which would differentiate its internal club and/or course operations based on the needs and requirements of segments/player groups. The research indicated that the identification of potential segments enables a golf course to adjust and optimise its operations. Therefore, it could be suggested that, within the research context, the need for segmentation was found.
The Ostrobothnian model of smart specialisation
Abstract: The functional structure, division of labour and development of Finnish ports.
Openness, specialisation and vulnerability of the Nordic countries
Training in psychiatry in a non-university clinic : a Satakunta experience
Internal migration and specialising labour markets in Finland
The official guide to legal specialties : an insider's guide to every major practice area
Rethinking craft specialization in complex societies : archaeological analyses of the social meaning of production
Regional specialisation [i.e. specialization] and local environment : learning and competitiveness
Trade specialization in the enlarged European Union
Specialization, exchange, and complex societies
When breath becomes air
Be different or be dead : your business survival guide
Regulation of self-renewal and detection of karyotypic changes of pluripotent human embryonic stem cells
Theme park
This new work explores the meaning and implications of professionalism as a form of social organization. Eliot Freidson formalizes professionalism by treating it as an ideal type grounded in the political economy he presents the concept as a third logic, or a more viable alternative to consumerism and bureaucracy. He asks us to imagine a world where workers with specialized knowledge and the ability to provide society with especially important services can organize and control their own work, without directives from management or the influence of free markets. Freidson then appraises the present status of professionalism, exploring how traditional and national variations in state policy and organization are influencing the power and practice of such professions as medicine and law. Widespread attacks by neoclassical economists and populists, he contends, are obscuring the social value of credentialism and monopolies. The institutions that sustain professionalism in our world are simply too useful to both capital and state to dismiss.
Agglomeration and specialisation patterns of Finnish biotechnology : on the search for an economic rationale of a dispersed industry structure
Specialisation within the Finnish comprehensive school system : reasons and outcomes for equity and equality of opportunity
Changing subcontracting : a study on the evolution of supply chains and subcontractors
The anatomy of work : the implications of specialization
Slovenian forest industry and smart specialization strategies : sustainable competitive advantage analysis in a triple helix framework
Regional competitiveness and smart specialization in Europe : place-based development in international economic networks
Corporate level strategy : theory and applications
Research in business disciplines in Finland : evaluation report
Knowledge and learning in the determination of the optimal form of firm organisation
Green sea brand differentiation strategy
Reflections on the Kvarken Region : prospects for a cross-border region within the European Union
High genetic differentiation in marginal populations of European white elm (Ulmus laevis)
On adaptive and strategic behaviour of local level communities
Essays on agglomeration and sectoral diversification in Sweden / Jonas Kjellgren
The technological specialization of advanced countries : draft report prepared for the Commission of the European Communities, D.G.XII - Science, Research and Development Service : Research evaluation
Services blueprint : roadmap for execution
South Ostrobothnia - smart outstanding : strategy for smart specialisation
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
Marketing management : an Asian perspective
Reverse rotogravure printing technology combines electronics and paper
Backward and forward linkages and specialization and concentration in Finnish manufacturing in 1995-1999
Competitive strategy : Sorrin Puutarha
Early involvement and pathway specialization : a dropout track in cross-country skiing?
Knowing everything about nothing : specialization and change in scientific careers
Specialization and concentration patterns in Finland 1995-1999
Islands of intensive agriculture in Eastern Africa : Past and present
Building area studies collections
Specialized industrial services in improving efficiency in forest industry
Preferences for specialization in class teacher's and subject teacher's tasks
The making of rehabilitation : a political economy of medical specialization, 1890-1980
This highly original book presents an accessible methodology for identifying competitors and their particular circumstances in Europe, discusses regional competitiveness from a conceptual perspective, and explores both past and future regional development policies in Europe.
From distress to a cartonboard star
Summary.
Development of human stem cell culture conditions for clinical cell therapy
The specialist : his philosophy, his disease, his cure
The Finnish Health care system : a value-based perspective
Business strategy over the industry life cycle
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 37, 2001
Fast Fourier transforms on energy-efficient application-specific processors
Abstract: Effectiveness in health care decision-making : an ethical analysis.
From neural stem cells to precursors : molecular regulation of self-renewal and differentiation
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
A guide of the core skills and competences and the methods how to achieve them during the practical training period in the postgraduate vocational training programme in general practice at the University of Helsinki
Advances in modern tourism research : economic perspectives
Product differentiation: does it provide competitive advantage for a printing paper company?
In this decade, China's foreign trade has increased rapidly and the share of high-technology goods in China's exports has become outstanding. These developments are partly related to processing trade that reflects the global production fragmentation. This paper discusses the role of processing trade in China by using a concept of vertical specialization (VS). The paper explains approaches to estimate vertical specialization and evaluates the findings of recent research in this field. It seems evident that processing trade has played a major role behind the fast growth of Chinese exports and the increase of high-tech goods in its exports. Moreover, recent research seems to imply that China's and much of Asia's exports are still heavily dependent on American and European consumers and, consequently, exports are not de-coupled from the final demands in the United States or Europe.  Key words: China, vertical specialization, foreign trade, processing imports .
A Finnish-Japanese small giant with specialty production
The philosophy of expertise
Australian tropical rainforests : science, values, meaning
The marketing planning workbook : effective marketing for marketing managers
The smart specialisation of Southern Kymenlaakso 2020 : a preliminary study report
Challenges in retail clothing business : case Sam Wear Oy
Yleislääketieteen erikoistumiskoulutus Oulun yliopistossa = Specialist training in general practice at the University of Oulu
Making links across specialisms : understanding modern social work practice
Differentiate or die : survival in our era of killer competition
Molecular mechanisms underlying tooth morphogenesis and cell differentiation
American medicine and the public interest
Trade specialisation patterns : the case of Russia
The Possibilities for Differentiation in the Chinese Furniture Industry : Case Company: IKEA China
Marketing management : text and cases
Mountains beyond mountains
Specialisms in organizations : an empirical analysis of the development of specialized functions
Marketing strategy : a decision-focused approach
Competitive brand positioning strategy
The only sustainable edge : why business strategy depends on productive friction and dynamic specialization
Abstract.
Essays on agglomeration and sectoral diversification in Sweden
Divide and conquer : a comparative history of medical specialization
Suomen metalliteollisuuden kansainvälinen erikoistuminen = International specialization in the Finnish engineering industry
Smarctic : a roadmap to a smart Arctic specialisation : Tekes - strategic research opening : creation of new knowledge and competences in areas of expertise that are expected to be important for businesses in the future
Strategy, structure and economic performance
Regional economic structures in Finland : analyses of location and regional economic impact
Professionalism, the third logic : on the practice of knowledge
Coastal mass tourism : diversification and sustainable development in southern Europe
Motivations for entering psychiatry : a survey of Finnish psychiatrists and residents
On regional specialization of high- and low-tech industries
Surpassing ourselves : an inquiry into the nature and implications of expertise
Physical geography : a shared future with human geography?
Segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses
Empirical essays on regional specialization and trade in Sweden
