http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17072 surficial geology
surficial geology
Groundwater and factors affecting its quality : examples from the Rovaniemi district of northern Finland and western Nicaragua
Late Weichselian end moraines and deglaciation in eastern and central Finland
The study was planned to find evidence on potential cultural factors in occurrence and distribution of soil-living mites (Oribatida and Mesostigmata) in Finland. Samples were taken from meadows, gardens and forest edges at (a) isolated cottages and (b) culturally exposed farms in two areas, Sipoo/Mäntsälä and Ilomantsi. Multiple factorial analyses revealed significant differences only between the areas. Number of species was lower in Ilomantsi, where several ”southern” species were absent. The typical forest species were more abundant in the forest habitat. There was no difference between ”Cottages” and ”Farms”..
Earth : an introduction to physical geology
High latitude agriculture is rainfed. Climate change could, however, increase water deficiency and initiate a call for development of irrigation systems as a part of field water management systems. This study aimed to develop a basic understanding about the current state of irrigation potential according to region by monitoring proximity of fields to waterways and characterizing their general conditions. One third of Finnish fields are in direct contact with a shoreline of an inland waterway. This coupled with Finland being water-rich country may improve adaptive capacity to cope with the potentially harmful impacts of climate change in the future. However, there are marked differences between regions in access to water resources. Findings of this survey will serve as background information needed to assess future needs for introduction of irrigation and to evaluate the opportunities to close yield gaps and improve yield stability through irrigation.
Morphological analysis of land forms : a contribution to physical geology
Biochar affects the structure rather than the total biomass of microbial communities in temperate soils
Occurrence of unfrozen ground in Finland
Geoecology of Antarctic ice-free coastal landscapes
Influence of soil type on half-highbush blueberry productivity
The lanthanoid content of some minerals from the Pyörönmaa pegmatite in Kangasala, Finland
Preliminary studies on the engineering geological conditions of Dar es Salaam region, Tanzania
Cultural factors in the distribution of soil mites in Finland
Magnetometer array studies in Finland
EVOLUTION OF THE PRECAMBRIAN VOLCANIC COMPLEX IN THE KIURUVESI AREA, FINLAND
Encyclopedia of soil science
Explanation of the section through the area of Bothnian schists and intrusive rocks W. of Tampere in Finland
The schist belt northeast of Tampere in Finland
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Seismicity in the Olkiluoto area
Geological engineering
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
The effect of different paper mulches and two different biodegradable plastic mulches on the yield of field-grown cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) was examined. The studies were conducted during two climatically different growing seasons 2011 and 2012 in Southern Finland.  All the mulches increased the yield as compared to bare ground. In 2011, cucumbers on all the mulches with a dark upper surface produced higher yields than those on kraft paper alone. In 2012, when the average temperatures were lower than in 2011, there were no differences in yield between different types of mulches. Soil temperatures of the experimental plots were monitored throughout the growing seasons. The mulches with a dark-colored upper surface increased the soil temperature more than the ones with a light-colored upper surface. The soil warming effect of the mulches was greater during early season and diminished when the plants grew larger and their leaves covered most of the mulch surface. There was no need for weed control except in uncovered plots. In conclusion, during both years dark-colored paper mulch was comparable to biodegradable film in yield production and could replace it as a mulch material in cucumber production.
Dielectric coefficient surveying for overburden classificat ion
Post-glacial history of the Oulankajoki valley, NE Finland, studied by size, shape and density sorting
On the postglacial development of the bedrock precipices and talus formations in the Keävvu river valley, northern Finnish Lapland
Stratigraphy and age of two postglacial sediment cores from the Baltic Sea
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration. Mineral exploration and mapping within thick glacial overburden, peatlands and different conservation areas is demanding, sensitive and expensive. The best practices for mineral exploration (techniques and concepts) from cost and environmental perspectives have been developed in the project 'Novel technologies for greenfield exploration' funded by Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation (Tekes). Essential exploration techniques include the concurrent use of geological, geochemical and geophysical surveys. These techniques allow the location and thorough investigation of the geological processes responsible for mineral deposits and indications of ore-forming processes, or in suitable conditions, the direct identification of mineral deposits. The efficiency and success of exploration require not only high quality data processing and interpretation, but also the consideration of environmental aspects, which are particularly important in sensitive northern, sub-Arctic areas. The results and methodological advances arising from this project could particularly serve companies and organizations conducting grass root mineral exploration in a regional scale. The techniques can also be adopted in target-scale exploration.
Novel technologies for greenfield exploration
Effects of different paper mulches on soil temperature and yield of cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) in the temperate zone
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
Reconstruction of the vegetation and mire development in Sokli; northeastern Finland, during Holocene
Moving forward from "biochar revolution" to "biochar evolution" : shaping a promising mitigation tool demands future research efforts
Nordic Meeting of Diatomists 2001 : abstracts : Seili, 1.-4.6.2001
Handbook of soil science
Response of the leaf phenology and tree-ring width of European beech to climate variability
The general geological map of Finland : sheet B 3. Vaasa
Understanding earth
Glacial landsystems
Music of the earth : volcanoes, earthquakes and other geological wonders
Proximity of waterways to Finnish farmlands and associated characteristics of regional land use
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 123-126 (1990), Geology
VTT test borehole for bedrock investigations
The geological approach to dating archaeological sites
Glacial till : an inter-disciplinary study
Lake Eutrophication studies in Southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
The geography of soils : formation, distribution, and management
Maaperäntutkimusmenetelmät = Methods for assessing soil quality. Osa 4 = Part 4, Biologiset määritysmenetelmät = Biological methods
Recent sedimentation in the freshwater reservoir of Uusikaupunki, SW-Finland: the diatomological and chemical evidence of the sediments on the development of the water body
Earth : an introduction to physical geology. Student lecture notebook
Maaperäntutkimusmenetelmät = Methods for assessing soil quality. Osa 1 = Part 1, Ohjeistot = Guidance
Serpentine and its vegetation. a multidisciplinary approach
Sedimentology, Ichnology and Sequence Stratigraphy of Four Outcrops from the Early - Late Miocene Pebas Formation, Western Amazonian Foreland Basin, Peru
Svecofennian granitic pegmatites (1.86-1.79 Ga) and quartz monzonite (1.87 Ga), and their metamorphic environment in the Seinäjoki region, western Finland
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi (AMF) play an important role in Zn uptake by plants and can partially mitigate the effects of its deficit. On the other hand, they are involved in reducing the accumulation of Zn and its toxicity to plants when it is present in excessive concentrations in the soil. The aim of the study was to investigate the effect of two AMF, i.e., Funneliformis mosseae and Rhizophagus intraradices on Zn uptake by lettuce plants grown at two P levels and elevated concentrations of Zn in a peat substrate. The experiment demonstrated the effectiveness of mycorrhization of lettuce grown in the peat substrate; however, the arbuscular mycorrhiza did not reduce the uptake of Zn by lettuce. The AMF used in the experiment differentially affected the Zn content in lettuce. Compared to uninoculated  plants, R. intraradices increased the Zn content in lettuce, whereas F. mosseae did not affect the Zn content.
Biochar can restrict N2O emissions and the risk of nitrogen leaching from an agricultural soil during the freeze-thaw period
Lake eutrophication studies in southern Finland employing diatom-based total phosphorus inference models and sedimentary phosphorus fractionations
Late-Weichselian - Flandrian depositional history of the Archipelago Sea, northern Baltic Sea
Urban erosion control in the Triângulo pilot study area Nacala city, Mozambique, Equatorial Africa
On the striations and glacier movements in the Tampere region, Southern Finland
Indication of prehistoric human activity in an area rich in cairns in Ostrobothnia, western Finland
Guide-book of soil excursion over the West Siberia. Tour 6
Surface water and groundwater pollution problems in the Upper Awash River Basin, Ethiopia
Paragenesis of bytownite, chlorite, and manganoan garnet from Kangasala, Finland ; The Västilä area in the Tampere schist belt
An Evaluation of the distributions of polychlorinated biphenyls and organic matter in coastal
Soils : a new global view
On the relation between the stones of the eskers and the local bedrock in the area northwest of Tampere, southwestern Finland : with 9 fiqures and 3 tables in the text
Physical geology
Some observations on the tectonics in the Tampere schist area
The application of ground penetrating radar to the study of Quaternary depositional environments
The soils of Europe : illustrated diagnosis and systematics : with keys and descriptions for easy identification of the most important soil formations of Europe with consideration of the most frequent synonyms
Characterization of structure and diffusion in geological materials
Prolongation of the growing season due to a warming climate could represent new opportunities for northern agriculture. Climatic and biotic constraints may challenge future crop production. The objective of this study was to speculate how a range of arable land use patterns, resulting from various policy driven choices, could be introduced into a farming system, and how they would affect the risks associated with nutrient leaching. We found that while adaptation to climate change must include consideration of crop choices, there are conflicts associated with allocations and rotations for various market and policy situations. The expected increase in nutrient loading in the simulations caused by climate change was moderate. The increase can partly be compensated for by changes in farmland use, more in the shorter term than in the longer term to mid-century. In the future, adaptation at cropping system level is potentially an efficient way to manage nutrient load risks.
Surficial quaternary stratigraphy at the Lintuharju shooting range, and its environmental implications, Jurva, Western Finland
The last postglacial (Holocene) marine transgression in Spencer Gulf, South Australia, as inferred from studies of benthic foraminifera
Active sulphide mine tailings impoundments as sources of contaminated drainage : controlling factors, methods of characterisation and geochemical constraints for mitigation
Yield, SDG lignan, cadmium, lead, oil and protein contents of linseed (Linum usitatissimum L.) cultivated in trials and at different farm conditions in the south-western part of Finland
Maaperäntutkimusmenetelmät = Methods for assessing soil quality. Osa 3, Kemialliset määritysmenetelmät = Chemical methods
Introductory soil mechanics and foundations
Abstract.
Soil Science Society of America journal
Pollution of lakes in a former mining and smeltering area : evidence from successive extraction and pollen analysis of lake sediments. Part 2, Lake Dammsjön
Basics of environmental science
Soils and quaternary geology : a handbook for field scientists
Various environmental conditions (heat waves and drought events) strongly affect leaf and xylem phenology. Disentangling the influence of temperature, precipitation and soil moisture content (AWR) on the forest productivity remains an important research area. We analyzed the impact of climate variability on the leaf phenology (10 sample trees) and radial growth (17 sample trees) of European beech (Fagus sylvatica L.). The study was conducted on 130-year-old European beech trees growing in a temperate forest stand in the Czech Republic. Detailed 20-year phenological monitoring was performed at the study site (1992-2011). As expected, leaf phenological events were mainly driven by the growing season temperatures. Leaf unfolding was highly affected positively by spring temperatures and the top-layer (to 40 cm) AWR in March. The correlation of tree-ring width with the interpolated climate data was positive significant for the growing season AWR and precipitation signal. Furthermore, the water availability in the top soil layer was found to be an important predictor of tree growth and extremely low growth occurrence. The extended phenological growing season, which was caused by a temperature increase, was not followed by an increased tree-ring width. The examined relationships point out the significance of the water availability in the top soil layer in European beech stands..
Description of Neogene-Quaternary tide and wave-influenced estuary-sediments along Nauta-Iquitos Road, km 0-15, Loreto-Peru, NW Amazonia
In February 2013, the 2nd Nordic Biochar Seminar was successfully held in Helsinki, Finland. The fruitful meeting, well organized by Priit Tammeorg, offered a broad kaleidoscope of new insights into the novel interdisciplinary research topic of biochar. The papers in this issue clearly show that biochar use in agriculture can deliver benefits such as reductions in N2O emissions or N leaching (Kettunen and Saarnio), in addition to soil C storage without negative effects (Karer et al. , Anders et al. ). However, they also demonstrate that just one biochar addition does not turn each temperate fertile soil into a fertility miracle. In Terra preta sites, the pyrogenic carbon was likely an important ingredient, but it was combined with organic waste inputs and not used pure. Thus, yield-increasing pure-biochar effects in temperate soils are likely not a low-hanging fruit to be harvested without further ado. Rather, problematic soils should be the primary target; combined biochar-organics usage also deserves further research. However, considering the lack of political efforts to restore our planet's radiative balance, or tackle the challenges associated with soil degradation and resource consumption, no emerging chances should be missed. "Biochar" is such a chance - not more, but also not less. Shaping "biochar use in agriculture" into a safe, sustainable and economically feasible tool will only come at the cost of good hard research efforts; but it offers the unique chance to turn agricultural practices from being part of the problem into being part of the solution.
Pollution of lakes in a former mining and smeltering area : evidence from successive extraction and pollen analysis of lake sediments. Part 1, Lake Lissjön
Climate change adaptation in arable land use, and impact on nitrogen load at catchment scale in northern agriculture
Stratigraphy and the properties of the Iquitos white sand formation in the Allpahuayo-Mishana Reserve, north-eastern Peru
Ground penetrating radar : theory and applications
Geology of Iceland : rocks and landscape
The dynamic earth : an introduction to physical geology
Geology and the environment in Western Europe : a coordinated statement by the Western European geological surveys
Maaperäntutkimusmenetelmät = Methods for assessing soil quality. Osa 4, Biologiset määritysmenetelmät = Biological methods
The late Holocene vegetation and erosion history of Möðrudalur floodplain in northeast Iceland
Geology of the Nokia region, Southwest Finland
On the structure of a tilted dome near Tampere in Southwestern Finland
Glacial stratigraphy, engineering geology and earth construction
National geographic
Landscape studies : an introduction to geomorphology
A GIS analysis of the Scandinavian ice sheet glacial flow indicators in Finland
Nutrient fluxes in managed boreal forests
The Russian North : geographical and ecological studies on the Kola peninsula
The changing landforms of Finland
On the Sub-Bothnian unconformity and on Archaean rocks formed by secular waethering
Earth science demystified
Drilled well yield and hydraulic properties in the Precambrian crystalline bedrock of Central Finland
Biochar application is a promising strategy for sequestering carbon in agricultural soils and for improving degraded soils. Nonetheless, contradictory and unsettled issues remain. This study investigates whether biochar influences the soil microbial biomass and community structure using phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) analysis. We monitored the effects of four different types of biochar on the soil microbial communities in three temperate soils of Austria over several months. A greenhouse experiment and two field experiments were conducted. The biochar application did not significantly increase or decrease the microbial biomass. Only the addition of vineyard pruning biochar pyrolysed at 400°C caused microbial biomass to increase in the greenhouse experiment. The biochar treatments however caused shifts in microbial communities (visualized by principal component analysis). We concluded that the shifts in the microbial community structure are an indirect rather than a direct effect and depend on soil conditions and nutrient status.
Utilisation of high temperature water in the purification of water and soil
Geology of soils : their evolution, classification and uses
Foundation analysis and design
Linseed varieties were studied in variety trials and under farm conditions in south-western Finland in the years 2007-2010. The variation in yield, oil, protein, SDG lignan, cadmium and lead contents were studied in 8 oil and 2 fibre linseed varieties. Genotypic, environmental and genotype x environment interaction variance estimates were calculated. Fibre varieties "Belinka" and "Martta" had higher protein and lower oil contents than oil linseed varieties.The SDG lignan contents of linseed varieties varied between 3635-9560 mg kg-1. Rather high genotypic variance was found in yield, oil, protein and SDG lignan contents. Variety "Laser" had lower SDG lignan content. "Abacus", "Helmi" and "Martta" had the highest SDG lignan contents. Variation in cadmium and lead contents were caused by environmental effects. The highest cadmium contents, 0.821.69 mg kg-1, were found in soils fertilized by wastewater sludge about 20 years ago and at fields with low bottom soil pH (4.1-4.5).
The benefits of biochar (BC) application to fertile, non-acidic soils in temperate climate regions might not always be as evident as for highly weathered tropical soils. The aim of our study was to investigate the effects of BC on soil characteristics, nutrient uptake and crop yield in field experiments on two temperate soils (Cambisol and Chernozem) in Austria. Maize and wheat (Cambisol), and barley and sunflower (Chernozem) were grown in successive vegetation periods following different BC application rates (0, 24 and 72 t ha-1 at the start of the experiment), supplemented with identical mineral N supply in 33 m² plots. BC treatments showed varying impacts on nutrient uptake of the investigated crops. The first growing season in the Chernozem region was affected by a prolonged drought period, which resulted in positive effects of BC on soil water-holding capacity (WHC) and barley crop yield (+ 10%) for the 72 t ha-1 BC + N treatment compared to a control with identical nutrient supply but without BC. However, maize and wheat grain yield decreased by 46 and 70%, respectively, after the highest BC application rate (72 t ha-1) in an additional treatment without supplementary N-fertilisation. Still, even with high BC application rates we did not observe any adverse effects on crop yield and nutrient uptake, as long as the soil was supplied with sufficient N according to local agricultural practice.
Geology and the ore petrology of the Akanvaara and Koitelainen mafic layered intrusions and the Kevitsa-Satovaara layered complex, Northern Finland
High-resolution spatial uniformity of the varved lake sediment based on magnetic susceptibility records and X-ray densitometry in Lake Lehmilampi, eastern Finland
The role of arbuscular mycorrhiza in zinc uptake by lettuce grown at two phosphorus levels in the substrate
Dirtmeister's nitty gritty planet Earth : all about rocks, minerals, fossils, earthquakes, volcanoes, & even dirt!
Svecofennian granitic pegmatite (1.86-1.79 Ga) and quartz monzonite (1.87 Ga), and their metamorphic environment in the Seinäjoki region, western Finland
Glacial till : an inter-disciplinary study : papers prese nted at a conference held in Ottawa, 17-18 February 1975
The environmental archaeology of industry
The uptake by and subsequent translocation of selenium (Se) within the plant is dependent on its chemical from and soil properties that dictate this trace element's bioavailability. Plant species differ in their tendency to accumulate Se. Se taken-up by plants is returned to soil in plant residues, but the bioavailability of organic Se in those residues is poorly known. We investigated the impact of inorganic (Na2SeO4), organic (Se-enriched stem and leaf residues) Se applications and also soil microbial respiration on the growth and Se concentrations of various plant organs of oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) during its development from the rosette to the seed filling stage. Both inorganic and organic Se slightly improved plant growth and enhanced plant development. Inorganic Se was more bioavailable than the organic forms and resulted in 3-fold to 6-fold higher Se concentrations in the siliques. Inorganic Se in autoclaved soil tended to elevate the Se concentration in all plant parts and at all growth stages. The organic Se raised Se concentrations in plants much less effectively than the inorganic selenate. Therefore, the use of inorganic Se is still recommended for biofortification.
Dynamics of dry matter and selenium accumulation in oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) in response to organic and inorganic selenium treatments
Freeze-thaw (FT) events in soils can cause a burst of nitrous oxide (N₂O) and enhance N leaching during the spring-thaw event. We studied whether a soil amended with wood-derived (spruce chips) biochar (10 tonnes ha-1), produced at rather low temperatures (400-450°C), could reduce the burst of N₂O and the risk of N leaching from an agricultural soil after a FT event. A short-term laboratory experiment (4 weeks) was conducted with 24 vegetated (Phleum pratense) mesocosms (12 controls, 12 biochar-treated) that had spent a dormant season in the dark at 15°C for two months after the growing season. NO efflux to the atmosphere and ammonium (NH₄⁺-N) and nitrate (NO₃-N) in the percolated soil water were monitored before and after the FT event. N₂O was monitored with the dark chamber method and analyzed using a gas chromatograph. We found that soil amended biochar can significantly diminish the burst of N₂O after the soil FT event (by 61% just after FT event) and substantially reduce the risk of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N leaching from the agricultural soil. Compared to the control, the decrement in concentrations of NO₃-N and NH₄⁺-N in water percolated through the biochar amended soil in the mesocosms was 58% and 22%, respectively.
Soils in archaeological research
The aim of the present study was to determine the influence of mineral and peat soil condition on the growth, yield and nutrient uptake of some half-highbush blueberry cultivars. The peat soil experimental site was located in a harvested (milled) peat field. Four half-highbush blueberry (  Vaccinium spp.) cultivars (five- and six-year-old plants) were used in the experiment: "Aino", "Alvar", "Arne", and "Northblue". Environmental conditions exercised a considerable influence on biological processes of half-highbush blueberry, at the same time, a genotype-based variation was observed. Cultivar "Northblue" had a higher yield in mineral soil and "Aino" had the highest yield in peat soil considering the average of two years. The peat soil condition in the harvested peat field provided a better supply of nutrients for blueberry bushes compared to mineral soil and this, in its turn, secured better growth and a higher yield of blueberry bushes.
Biochar application to temperate soils : effects on nutrient uptake and crop yield under field conditions
Boreas
"Interpreting a geological setting for the purposes of engineering design and construction requires knowledge of geological engineering and engineering geology, leading to integrated engineering solutions which take into account both ground conditions and environment. This textbook, extensively illustrated, covers the subject area of geological engineering in four sections: 1. Fundamentals: soil mechanics, rock mechanics and hydrogeology; 2. Methods: site investigations, rock mass characterization and engineering geology mapping; 3. Applications: foundations, slope stability, tunnelling, dams, reservoirs and earth works, and 4. Geohazards: landslides, earthquake hazards and prevention and mitigation of geological hazards. The book can serve as a basic reference work for practising engineering geologists, geological and geotechnical engineers, geologists, civil and mining engineers and those professionals involved in design and construction of foundations, tunneling, earth works and excavations for infrastructures, buildings, mining operations, etc. As a textbook it develops an extensive teaching programme of geological engineering and is designed for undergraduate and postgraduate students and academics. Covering basic concepts up to the newest methodologies and procedures used in geological engineering. The book is illustrated with many educational working examples and graphical materials".
Health, disease & the environment
Well logging for earth scientists
Maaperäntutkimusmenetelmät = Methods for assessing soil quality. Osa 3 = Part 3, Kemialliset määritysmenetelmät = Chemical methods
