http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17013 prions
prions
How the cows turned mad
The human prion diseases: from neuropathology to pathobiology and molecular genetics : final report of an EU concerted action
Prion proteins
Prions : the new biology of proteins
Interactions of prion proteins and PrP-derived peptides in scrapie infection
Fibrous proteins : amyloids, prions and beta proteins
Fatal flaws : how a misfolded protein baffled scientists and changed the way we look at the brain
Virology : principles and applications
Scrapie and mad cow disease : the smallest and most lethal living thing
"The book starts with dissecting mechanisms underlying viral immune evasion via exploiting the host complement system by vaccinia virus, and by modulating the type 1 interferon response by RNA viruses. Yet another chapter looks into how viroporins expressed by different families of viruses causing influenza A virus, SARS, hepatitis C and HIV interact with several cellular pathways. Understanding of these mechanisms can aid the development of novel potential anti‑viral targets. The chapter on tuberculosis discusses the emerging importance of the innate immune mechanisms against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection and latency. This book has a strong focus on fungal pathogenesis and immunity, starting with virulence and host factors that attain great importance in candidiasis and associated escape tricks of seriously opportunistic fungi. Two chapters on Aspergillus fumigatus elaborate on the pathogenic mechanisms: first discussing A. fumigatus‑airway epithelium interaction, followed by fungal and host factors that are paramount in the development of allergic and invasive aspergillosis. In the subsequent chapter, there is a general discussion on the innate and adaptive immune responses against primary and opportunistic fungal pathogens." -- (Springer)
Microbial foodborne diseases : mechanisms of pathogenesis and toxin synthesis
Color atlas of medical microbiology
Prion diseases of humans and animals
Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies : the European Union's research response to a major public and animal health challenge
The collectors of lost souls : turning Kuru scientists into whitemen
Alterations in receptor expression and function in scrapie-infected neuronal cell lines
Microbial pathogenesis : infection and immunity
Prion diseases
NMR structure of the mouse prion protein
Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies : scrapie, BSE and related human disorders
In 1997, Stanley B. Prusiner received a Nobel Prize, the world's most prestigious award for achievement in physiology or medicine. That he was the sole recipient of the award for the year was entirely appropriate. His struggle to identify the agent responsible for ravaging the brains of animals suffering from scrapie and mad cow disease, and of humans with Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, had been waged largely alone and in some cases in the face of strenuous disagreement. In this book, Prusiner tells the remarkable story of his discovery of prions -- infectious proteins that replicate and cause disease but surprisingly contain no genetic material -- and reveals how superb and meticulous science is actually practiced with talented teams of researchers who persevere. He recounts the frustrations and rewards of years of research and offers fascinating portraits of his peers as they raced to discover the causes of fatal brain diseases. Prusiner's hypothesis, once considered heresy, now stands as accepted science and the basis for developing diagnoses and eventual cures. He closes with a meditation on the legacy of his discovery: What will it take to cure Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, Lou Gehrig's and other devastating diseases of the brain?
Neurodegenerative diseases
"BIOS Instant Notes in Microbiology, fourth edition, is a concise microbiology textbook for undergraduates. All of the important areas of microbiology are covered in a format that is ideal for learning and rapid revision. Each topic begins with a summary of the essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on the core information, with clear simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and examinations"--Provided by publisher.
Madness and memory : the discovery of prions - a new biological principle of disease
