http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1706 forensic anthropology
forensic anthropology
Divorce in transnational families : marriage, migration and family law
Understanding disputes : the politics of argument
Order without law : how neighbors settle disputes
Crime and human nature
For every case Temperence Brennan has solved, there remain innumerable unidentified bodies in her lab. Information on some of these is available online, where amateur sleuths sometimes take a stab at solving cases. One day, Tempe gets a call from Hazel "Lucky" Strike, a web sleuth who believes she's successfully connected a body in Tempe's lab to a missing persons report on an eighteen-year-old named Cora Teague. Since the bones in her lab do seem to match Cora's medical records, Tempe looks into the case, returning to the spot where the bones were originally found. What seems at first to be an isolated tragedy takes on a more sinister cast as Tempe uncovers two more sets of bones nearby. When she then learns that the area is known as a viewing point for a famous unexplained light phenomenon with significance for a local cult, Tempe's suspicious turn to murder by ritual sacrifice -- a theory thrown into question when Hazel herself turns up dead. Still reeling from her mother's diagnosis and the shock of Andrew Ryan's potentially life-change proposal, Tempe races to solve the murders before the body count climbs further / WorldCat.
Defending diversity : case studies
Village-communities in the East and West : six lectures delivered at Oxford
An existential phenomenology of law : Maurice Merleau-Ponty
Human rights in action
Politics, law and ritual in tribal society
206 bones
The allocation of responsibility
Sex outlaw : sexuality, subjectivity, and law
Chicago forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan is accused of mishandling the autopsy and the case of a missing heiress from Montreal--an investigation that becomes more complicated when two more bodies of elderly women are found in Montreal and Tempe faces the very real possibility that a colleague has sabotaged work in the lab / WorldCat.
Modes of thought : a study in the anthropology of law and religion
Legal anthropology
The basic values in law : a study of the ethico-legal implications of psychology and anthropology
Law & anthropology : edited by René Kuppe and Richard Potz
Inside and outside the law
A field guide for human skeletal identification
Dangerous supplements : resistance and renewal in jurisprudence
Two laws : managing disbutes in a contemporary aboriginal community
Indigenous peoples, constitutional states and treaties or other constructive arrangements between indigenous peoples and states
Cultural expertise and litigation : patterns, conflicts, narratives
Law & anthropology
Cases and readings on law and society. Book 2, Law in modern democratic society
Order and dispute : an introduction to legal anthropology
Legitimacy and ethnicity : a case study of Singapore
The human being at the intersection of science, religion and medicine
Homo juridicus : on the anthropological function of the law
Speaking in bones
Punishment and modern society : a study in social theory
Bones. Season 6
Law and community in three American towns
The Ewe-speaking peoples of the Slave Coast of West Africa : their religion, manners, customs, laws, languages, &c
Law and society in modern India
Social facts and fabrications : "customary" law on Kilimanjaro, 1880-1980
The anthropology of law
Man, law and modern forms of life
Addresses the issues surrounding the legal role of social scientists that provide evidence in cases related to minority groups and migration. Considering South Asian migrants in Europe and in North America, this book focuses on how, in such cases, social scientific experts transform 'culture' into law.
The geography of law : landscape, identity and regulation
Bones. Season 5
Custom and conflict in Africa
Bones. Season 2
John Lowery was declared dead in 1968--the victim of a Huey crash in Vietnam. Four decades later, Temperance Brennan is called to the scene of a drowning in Quebec. The victim appears to have died while in the midst of a bizarre sexual practice. The corpse is later identified as John Lowery. But how could Lowery have died twice? Taking the remains to JPAC in Hawaii for reanalysis, Tempe is joined by her colleague and ex-lover Detective Andrew Ryan (how "ex" is he?) and by her daughter, recovering from her own tragic loss. Soon another set of remains is located, with Lowery's dog tags tangled among them. Three bodies--all identified as Lowery / WorldCat.
Anthropology and human rights administrations : expert observation and representation after the fact
Law & anthropology : natural resources, environment, and legal pluralism
Ancient law : its connection with the early history of society, and its relation to modern ideas
Kathy Reichs--#1 New York Times bestselling author and producer of the FOX television hit Bones --returns with a riveting new novel set in Charlotte, North Carolina, featuring forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance Brennan. Kathy Reichs's trademark blend of forensic descriptions that "chill to the bone" (Entertainment Weekly) and breathless suspense have made her books major bestsellers worldwide. Now, she delivers the fourteenth thriller in a "cleverly plotted and expertly maintained series" (The New York Times Book Review). A body is found in a barrel of asphalt next to Lowes Motor Speedway near Charlotte just as 200,000 fans are pouring into town for race week. The next day, a NASCAR crew member shares with Tempe a devastating story. Twelve years earlier his sister, Cyndi Gamble, then a high school senior who wanted to be a professional racecar driver, disappeared along with her boyfriend, Cale Lovette. Lovette kept company with a group of right wing extremists known as the Patriot Posse. Is the body Cyndi's? Or Cale's? At the time of their disappearance, the FBI joined the investigation, but the search was quickly terminated. As Tempe is considering multiple theories, including an FBI cover-up, a surprising, secret substance is found with the body, leaving Tempe to wonder what exactly the government was up to / WorldCat.
Vold's theoretical criminology
Mass grave and mass grave related site investigations : the use of material gathered during the investigations as evidence in the international criminal tribunals of Yugoslavia and Rwanda
Bones. Season 1
Forensic anthropologist Temperance Brennan examines the bodies of three babies while Detective Ryan investigates their mother in a case with ties to the high-stakes world of diamond mining / WorldCat.
The anthropology of justice : law as culture in Islamic society
Bones. Season 4
Law and anthropology
The making of law : an ethnography of the Conseil d'Etat
When is law and custom not customary law?
Corruption and the secret of law : a legal anthropological perspective
Cases and readings on law and society. Book 1, Law and society in evolution
Perceptions of justice in the making : rescaling of customary law in Post-Suharto Maluku, Indonesia
A handbook of Tswana law and custom
Social justice and individual responsibility in the welfare state = Soziale Gerechtigkeit und individuelle Verantwortlichkeit im Wohlfahrtsstaat
Voices of conflict
The encyclopedia of native American legal tradition
Culture and rights : anthropological perspectives
Colonizing Hawai'i : the cultural power of law
Human rights, culture and context : anthropological perspectives
Symposium on law and anthropology - an interrelationship of fantasies and utopias
Law and anthropology : a reader
Central sites, peripheral visions : cultural and institutional crossings in the history of anthropology
Theoretical criminology
Proceedings of the eighth annual conference of the British Association for Biological Anthropology and Osteoarchaeology
Bones of the lost
Rules and processes : the cultural logic of dispute in an African context
Flash and bones
Law and social change in Zinacantan
Law and order in Polynesia : a study of primitive legal institutions
Gathering under the mango tree : values in traditional culture in Africa
Law in culture and society
Handbook of forensic anthropology and archaeology
Forensic recovery of human remains : archaeological approaches
Contested states : law, hegemony, and resistance
Anthropology of law : a comparative theory
Anthropology and human rights
Comparative legal cultures : on traditions classified, their rapprochement & transfer, and the anarchy of hyper-rationalism with appendix on legal ethnography
The Roman republican legal tradition : aspects of law in the pre-classical Roman culture
History and power in the study of law : new directions in legal anthropology
Spatializing law : an anthropological geography of law in society
Dignity, rank, and rights
Cases and readings on law and society. Book 3, Law, totalitarianism and democracy
The network inside out in perspective: a review of the development of legal anthropology
Crime and custom in savage society
Law, anthropology, and the constitution of the social : making persons and things
Ritual and semiotics
Gifts : a study in comparative law
The culture of coincidence : accident and absolute liability in Huli
Speaking in bones : a novel
