http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17003 development research
development research
Global value chains in a postcrisis world : a development perspective
Development studies : a reader
The central paradox of the contemporary world is the simultaneous presence of wealth on an unprecedented scale, and mass poverty. Liberal theory explains the relationship between capitalism and poverty as one based around the dichotomy of inclusion (into capitalism) vs exclusion (from capitalism). Within this discourse, the global capitalist system is portrayed as a sphere of economic dynamism and as a source of developmental opportunities for less developed countries and their populations. Development policy should, therefore, seek to integrate the poor into the global capitalist system. The Global Development Crisis challenges this way of thinking. Through an interrogation of some of the most important political economists of the last two centuries D Friedrich List, Karl Marx, Leon Trotsky, Joseph Schumpeter, Alexander Gerschenkron, Karl Polanyi and Amarta Sen D Selwyn argues that class relations are the central cause of poverty and inequality, within and between countries. In contrast to much development thinking, which portrays 'the poor' as reliant upon benign assistance, this book advocates the concept of labour-centred development. Here 'the poor' are the global labouring classes, and their own collective actions and struggles constitute the basis of an alternative form of non-elitist, bottom-up human development.
Local organizations : intermediares in rural development
Beyond the biophysical : knowledge, culture, and power in agriculture and natural resource management
Development research in Sweden 1978 : research register with a general survey
A good place to start : the ID Knowledge Services guide to finding development information online
Central Finland hotels' interest towards Fair Trade products
Social climate of forest bioenergy development in China among forestry stakeholders
The development state : aid, culture & civil society in Tanzania
Geographical Information Systems for regional rural development projects in developing countries : potential and limitations on an innovative technology for the planning and management of a special type of technical cooperation project
Summary of the Finnish Science Barometer
Development theory and the third world
At a time when much attention is focused on the Horn of Africa as one of Africa's most war-ravaged regions and a continued source of security concern regionally and globally, this Discussion Paper provides deep insights into the complex dimensions of and linkages between the violent conflicts in the region. Delving into history and the core and contextual factors underpinning these wars in the postcolonial era, the author provides a conceptual framework for grappling with the complex inter- and intra-state conflicts by focusing on the institutional and structural causes of war. He goes on to make a compelling argument that conflict for institutional and democratic state transformation in the Horn of Africa is a fundamental step towards long-term peace and sustainable development.
Project evaluation : collected papers
Action Research differs dramatically from other works on the subject. In this book, action research is more broadly conceived than it is in previous works. Many works on the subject describe the process simply as one in which a problem is identified by the practitioner, some questions are framed, data are collected from some sources, conclusions are drawn, and some action is then taken. Although these are the basic steps in action research, this approach simplifies the process to the point that it renders the project insignificant or as capable of making only minimal contributions at best. Action research, as described and explained in this book, places more faith in practitioners as professional educators who can be trained and expected to utilize elaborate, thoughtful, and significant approaches to solving problems in school settings. Hence, in Action Research attention is devoted to specific strategies and techniques that have traditionally been reserved only for the more advanced practice of educational research. Action research, then, is not merely a type of research reserved for individuals with little if any formal training in educational research. Rather, action research is a viable tool used by professional and skilled educators who incorporate a wide variety of methodologies, designs, and approaches when conducting research. This underlying assumption makes this book unique. Moreover, as will be explained later, action research is not a separate method of research (along with descriptive, historical, correlational, and evaluation research). Rather, it is a type of research that may utilize and incorporate many different methods of research. Hence, this book is also unique because it considers action research as a process that may include various methods to suit its purpose(s). This book is designed to introduce those research strategies that are likely to be used by practicing supervisors and teachers in their attempt to improve school practices on a daily basis. As such, this book might also be a valuable guidebook for conducting action research at the master's and doctoral levels.
Update of Giga-Vamos : technology roadmap
Gendered entanglements : re-visiting gender in rapidly changing Asia
Sustainable, competitive or good cities : bake a cake or make a fake?
Internships of highly skilled medical professionals and ways of their professional development between Russia and Finland
Lean User Experience Design in Practice : A Case Study: Implementing Lean User Experience Design in Software Development
Multidisciplinary dialogue : wellbeing, technology and environment : extended abstract book
Developing a sectoral sustainability indicator system using the COMPASS methodology
Unveiling the story through portraits : portraiture in social-artistic work
Formulating a feasible business idea in Finland : case: Silta Consultancy Oy
Gender, development and environmental governance : theorizing connections
Development studies in Finland : need, use & abuse : an ontological outline
Governance of marine protected areas in the least-developed countries : case studies from West-Africa
Water and development : good governance after neoliberalism
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
The critical development studies handbook : tools for change
Globalization and money : a global South perspective
The political economy of Africa
"This book is an authoritative and radical manifesto for urgently needed changes in development cooperation. It proposes that, unless radical steps are taken by the World Bank, the first decade of the century will witness an ever-widening gulf between the poor and rich countries. A Chance for the World Bank provides an overview of the challenges faced by the World Bank, and explores how it has organized itself to deal with its mission. This book proposes that the World Bank still has a chance to achieve its stated goals; in order to do so, it needs to take a number of radical steps: to create a level playing field in trade for the developing countries; to harmonize aid and save developing countries from the gigantic transaction costs of aid; and to promote governance in developing countries and to reduce rigorously induced corruption by multinationals."--Kirjan takakansi.
Corporate social responsibility and international development : is business the solution?
Directory [of] development research and training institutes in Africa = Inventaire des instituts de recherche et de formation en matière de développement en Afrique
What becomes of women's empowerment? : a case study from the Eastern Province of Zambia
This Very Short Introduction examines the phenomenon of international human migration - both legal and illegal. Taking a global look at politics, economics, and globalization, the author presents the human side of topics such as asylum and refugees, human trafficking, migrant smuggling, development, and the international labour force. Why has international migration become an issue of such intense public and political concern? How closely linked are migrants with terrorist organizations? What factors lie behind the dramatic increase in the number of women migrating?.
Millions across the world face the daily challenge to find enough food to survive. Hunger is on the rise globally, with more than 1.2 billion people suffering from food insecurity. Rising prices are further restricting food access. In this deeply informative study, Majda Bne Saad identifies the causes for global hunger embedded in the current global political and economic system and highlights the key challenges facing food deficit countries. She shows how Western countries share the blame for global hunger through their support for subsidies to agricultural production and biofuels, which have created new challenges to food security worldwide. Bne Saad argues that, as world population rises from 7 billion to 9.2 billion by 2050, there needs to be a 'second green revolution' to grow more food. She looks at the factors constraining low-income nations from achieving food security and considers policies which could generate income and enhance individuals' entitlement to food. --Publisher's description.
While the possibility of producing a de-colonized, post colonial knowledge in development studies became a subject of considerable debate in the 1990s, there has been little dialog between post colonialism and development. However, the need for development studies that is post colonial in theory and practice is now increasingly acknowledged. This means recognizing the significance of language and representation, the power of development discourse and its material effects on the lives of people subject to development policies. It also means acknowledging the already post colonial world of development in which contemporary re workings of theory and practice, such as grassroots and participatory development, indigenous knowledges and global resistance movements, inform post colonial theory."Postcolonialism and Development" explains, reviews and critically evaluates recent debates about post colonial approaches and their implications for development studies. By outlining contemporary theoretical debates and examining their implications for how the developing world is thought about, written about and engaged with in policy terms, this book unpacks the difficult, complex and important aspects of the relationship between post colonial approaches and development studies, making them accessible, interesting and relevant to both students and researchers.Each chapter builds an understanding of post colonial approaches, their historical divergences from development studies and more recent convergences around issues such as discourses of development, knowledge, and power and agency within development. Up-to-date illustrations and examples from across the regions of the world bring to life important theoretical and conceptual issues. This topical book outlines an agenda for theory and practice within a post colonial development studies and illustrates how, while post colonialism and development pose significant mutual challenges, both are potentially enriched by each others insights and approaches.
Decision making in village Nepal
Differentiating development : beyond an anthropology of critique
Histories of victimhood
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Coastal communities on the move : house and polity interaction in Southern Ostrobothnia 1500 BC-AD 1
Speech at the inauguration ceremony of the new building of the Department of Geography of the University of Helsinki.
The Impact of Information Communication Technology on Small and Medium Scale Enterprises Productivity In Nigeria
Fragile states : causes, costs, and responses
The case of the GSM standard for mobile telecommunication : shaping technology as a means of transforming society
Pentecostalism and development : churches, NGOs and social change in Africa
Effects of Corporate Sustainability on Established Brand : the case of IKEA
Musical activities and the development of neural sound discrimination
The global dimension of economic evolution : knowledge variety and diffusion in economic growth and development
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
Contesting global order : development, global governance, and globalization
Mission and development : God's work or good works?
The rise of the robots : technology and the threat of mass unemployment
Land rights and investment treaties : expoloring the interface
Norwegian development research catalogue 1987
Online surveys in collecting cross-cultural qualitative user experience feedback
Interaction between development cooperation and development research : a background paper for a workshop in Helsinki 25-26th of August, 1988
"This handbook is a guide to 'Critical Development Studies' (CDS)--the study of international development from the standpoint of social change, a critical perspective. As such the handbook provides a set of tools for entering and understanding the nature and scope of the interdisciplinary field of development studies. It is organized as a set of 50 short course modules. Each module is written by a well-known research specialist in the area; and each (a) identifies the six most critical questions or research theme in a particular area of CDS, (b) provides a succinct discussion of the central issues that surround these questions, and (c) makes substantive references to the most essential readings that explore these issues."--Publisher description.
Regional development platform analysis as a tool for regional innovation policy
International migration : a very short introduction
The experience of poverty : fighting for respect and resources in village India
Gunnar Myrdal, Asian drama and development studies
The potential for the use of sustainable development indicators in policy-making in Finland
African conflicts, development and regional organisations in the post-Cold War international system : the annual Claude Ake memorial lecture : Uppsala, Sweden 30 January 2014
Provocations for development
Discovering the musical mind : a view of creativity as learning
Learning, capability building and innovation for development
The African predicament : a study in the pathology of modernisation
Working paper - Institute of Social Science
No substitute for hard work : putting PRA/RRA in context
Africans perspectives on development : constructing agency through post-colonialism approach
Methodology for the analysis of critical industrial ecology trends : an advanced sustainability analysis of the Finnish economy
Water resources and development
Russia 2030 based on contracts
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
Unscrambling the "average user" of Habbo Hotel
Firm-level productivity spillovers from FDI in Latin American countries
Contributed essays.
"Recent changes in Burma/Myanmar have been called the 'Burmese democratic spring'. While the international media have mainly focused on the economic opportunities offered by these changes and on the doings and sayings of Aung San Suu Kyi, the reality is far more complex. The country is desperately poor, divided by ethnic and religious rivalries and continues to suffer from some of the world's most intractable military conflicts while powerful elite factions oppose reform. Where, then, is the country heading? What are the key challenges it will face? Who are likely to be the key players in the unfolding events? What implications are there for international actors in arenas like policy, diplomacy, development and business? With contributions on topics like the political situation, international relations, ethnic and religious rivalries, and the economy, long-time observers of the situation offer insights and analysis that address these issues. The result is a tightly focused volume that will appeal to a broad readership interested in the current situation and its implications." -- Provided by publisher.
SAREC : annual report 1988/89
E-transformation : enabling new development strategies
Self-reliance : a strategy for development
Handbook of the life course. Volume II
Nepal's failed development : reflections on the mission and the maladies
Ward trolley product development plan for the health care industry and market survey on its usability in the Nordic Countries : Case: Innopart Ltd
Disentangling the meanings of development
The invention of development
We investigate the evolution of Finnish science policy and its impact on universities and scientific research. Finnish research is currently enjoying far greater international visibility, impact, and esteem than previously. The role of universities in society has broadened. Apart from their traditional tasks of research and teaching, universities have established closer links with business and responded to regional needs. A number of national reforms carried out in the 1990s launched a heated debate between universities and public authorities. Contested topics include the 'centre of excellence' policy, large-scale research programmes, and graduate schools. These reforms injected new dynamism into Finnish universities, but created new challenges as well. The structure of university research funding changed significantly during the 1990s. In real terms, research expenditure covered from Government budget sources increased by 17 percent, while external, often competitive funding increased by twofold. We believe that this dependency on outside funding may make research more short-sighted and vulnerable over the long run. In order to maintain the quality of Finnish research, science policy ought to be anchored to the needs of universities and scientific research more firmly than during the 1990s and budget funding ought to be increased. These actions would guarantee a more stable development of scientific enterprise and thus strenghten the positive socio-economic impact of research on regions and on society as a whole.
Geography and development
The Remaking of social contracts : global feminists in the 21st century
Images and realties of rural life
Organic supply chains for small farmer income generation in developing countries : case studies in India, Thailand, Brazil, Hungary and Africa
Redeveloping communication for social change : theory, practice, and power
Higher education and social change : promising experiments in developing countries. 2, Case studies
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Women and power in postconflict Africa
New technologies in developing societies : from theory to practice
Measuring the condition of the world's poor : the physical quality of life index
Global and EU governance for sustainable forest management with special reference to capacity building in Ethiopia and Southern Sudan
Postcolonialism and development
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
The biopolitics of development : reading Michel Foucault in the postcolonial present
This book asserts the relevance of mainstream anthropology to development processes and recognizes that contemporary development should be anthropology's principal area of study. It argues for a socio-anthropology of change and development that is a deeply empirical, multidimensional, diachronic study of social groups and their interactions. It provides a thought-provoking examination of the new approaches that have emerged in anthropology since the 1990s. It assesses the complexity of social change and development, and how socio-anthropology can tackle this complexity. It examines some of the key variables in the development process, including relations of production; the logics of social action; the nature of knowledge; forms of mediation; and 'political' strategies. Much of the empirical material is drawn from Africa
Development economics and economic development : an essay on methodology
Farmer perspectives on the usefulness of technologies introduced by on-farm research : the case of the TARP II-SUA programme
VTT Impulse : a magazine on technology, science and innovations
"This Policy Dialogue compares two very different conceptions of the informal economy that are prominent internationally: a market-based approach and a rights-based approach. It reflects upon the policy implications of adopting one perspective or the other, and argues that the terms 'entrepreneur' and 'worker' are often ideologically charged rather than a reflection of the structural positions of the 'informals'. The paper is critical of a market-based perspective and of the related notion of informal entrepreneurs, as these may lead to policy recommendations that undermine the already fragile livelihoods of many people. The ideas presented in this paper are part of a work in progress and are intended to promote further debate about sustainable policy-making aimed at enhancing the economic and socialstanding of vulnerable people in the informal economy." --Publisher's description.
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Risk management of innovative R&D project : development of analysis model : a systematic approach for the early detection of complex problems (EDCP) in R&D projects in order to increase success in enterprises
Towards intelligent and sustainable transport by 2025 : background, targets and indicators
Plugging into production networks : industrialization strategy in less developed Southeast Asian countries
A new concept of development : basic tenets
Anthropology and development : understanding contemporary social change
Revisiting the nexus of entrepreneurship and sustainability : towards an affective and interactive framework for the sustainability entrepreneurship journey
The global land grab : beyond the hype
Indigenous self-development in the Americas
The illusion of progress in the Arab world : a critique of Western misconstructions
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Strategies and means of development, south and north : seminarpapers in Hyvärilä-seminar 4th-7th August 1988
In Search of Living Knowledge
Contesting childhood
The golden handshake of the first world : development research, developmentalism and take-off into development studies
The global development crisis
A chance for the World Bank
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia
Christianity, development and modernity in Africa
Women and politics in Asia : a springboard for democracy
Rural development and women in Africa
Developing countries on the non-capitalist road : proceedings of the third international conference of Africanist Marxists of the socialist countries, Varna, September 5-12, 1971
Navigating complexity in international development : facilitating sustainable change at scale
Needs, participation and local development : proceedings of the EADI Basic Needs Workshop Helsinki, December 13 -15, 1979
In Silicon Valley the phrase "disruptive technology" is tossed around on a casual basis. No one doubts that technology has the power to devastate entire industries and upend various sectors of the job market. But Rise of the Robots asks a bigger question: Can accelerating technology disrupt our entire economic system to the point where a fundamental restructuring is required? Companies like Facebook and YouTube may only need a handful of employees to achieve enormous valuations, but what will be the fate of those of us not lucky or smart enough to have gotten into the great shift from human labor to computation? -
Critical factors in the Horn of Africa's raging conflicts
Brain oscillatory responses, working memory and cognitive delopmental stages in 11- 14 -year old children : an ERD/ERS study
Information flows in customer-oriented service development process
Antecedents and consequences of long-term unemployment
The road less travelled : sustainable development as the ultimate chance
Class dynamics of agrarian change
Under-underdevelopment : a case study of the south-eastern area of the Republic of Turkey
The problem of the least developed countries
Research and development
Smart finance solutions : examples of innovative financial mechanisms for water and sanitation
Climate change and development
Negotiating knowledge : evidence and experience in development NGOs
Finnish Science Barometer
Observations inhomogeneities and detection of climate change
Researching Africa : from individual efforts to structured programmes : the role of the Nordic Africa Institute
"A major challenge in studies of environmental governance is dealing with the diversity of the people involved at multiple levels--villagers, development agents, policy-makers, private resource users and others--and taking seriously their aspirations, conflicts and collaborations. This book examines this challenge in two very disparate parts of our world, exploring what gender-equality, resource management and development mean in real terms for its inhabitants as well as for our environmental futures. Based on participatory research and in-depth fieldwork, Arora-Jonsson studies struggles for local forest management, the making of women's groups within them and how the women's groups became a threat to mainstream institutions. Insights from India, consistently ranked as one of the most gender-biased countries, are compared with similar situations in the ostensibly gender-equal Sweden. Arora-Jonsson also analyzes how dominant ideas about the environment, development and gender equality shape the spaces in which women and men take action through global discourses and grassroots activism.Questioning the conventional belief that development brings about greater gender equality and more efficient environmental management, this volume scrutinizes how environmental imaginations are key to crafting gender relations. It shows gender to be at the heart of environmental negotiations while at the same time making a case for environmental sensibilities as integral to gender relations. At the confluence of development, environmental and gender studies, the book contributes to a much-needed dialogue between these fields, proposing new futures in environmental management. "--
Are there limits to traffic volume growth? : Lectio praecursoria - the introductory lecture of public defence of doctorate thesis
Modern banking solutions changing business and people
Water scarcity and food security along the Nile : politics, population increase and climate change
The sociology of development
The state and the grassroots : immigrant transnational organizations in four continents
Gender and Disability  : Challenges of Education Sector Development in Tanzania
The Soviet bloc, China and Africa
Results report 2013 : health and education
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Communication capability
"The book is a collection of Bamberger's papers from 1970 to 2010."
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Associations between age and cognitive foundation skills in the Nordic countries : a closer look at the data
Development anthropology
Insights into maldevelopment : reconsidering the idea of progress
The singularity is near : when humans transcend biology
The Finns and sustainable development : how do we measure opinions about sustainable development?
Writings on development
Resource productivity in the information age
Research for development : the first ten years of UNU/Wider
Adventures in Aidland : the anthropology of professionals in international development
Safe blood in developing countries : the lessons from Uganda
"Could information and communication technology (ICT) become the transformative tool for a new style of global development? Could ICT promote knowledge-based, innovation-driven, and smart, adaptive, participatory development? As countries seek a way out of the present period of economic contraction, they are trying to weave ICT into their development strategies, in the same way organizations have learned to use ICT to transform their business models and strategies. This integration offers a new path to development that is responsive to the challenges of our times. In e-Transformation, Nagy Hanna identifies the key ingredients for the strategic integration of ICT into national development, with examples from around the world. He draws on his rich experience of over 35 years at the World Bank and other aid agencies to outline the strategic options involved in using ICT to maximize developmental impact - transforming public service institutions, networking businesses for innovation and competitiveness, and empowering communities for social inclusion and poverty reduction. He identifies the key interdependencies in e-transformation and offers a holistic framework to tap network effects and synergies across all elements of the process, including leadership, cyber policies, institutions, human resources, technological competencies, information infrastructure, and ICT uses for government, business, and society."--Book cover
"This text provides a comprehensive and multi-disciplinary entry level account of the challenges, the response, and the alternative pathways to tackling development in a changing climate. The first section provides the building blocks for understanding and framing the climate-development nexus. It will include an overview of the science, drivers and impacts of climate change, and present the different disciplinary perspectives. The second section presents and assesses responses to the development challenges posed by a changing climate at different spatial scales. This section will address international, regional, national, sub-national and non-governmental responses to climate change. It will also include an overview of the main instruments and competing approaches for addressing climate change as a development concern, including market-based measures, regulatory instruments, and voluntary agreements. The final section will be forward looking and solutions-oriented. It will set out different critiques of 'development-as-usual' and competing visions of development in a warming and carbon-constrained world. A description of the changing context of development, shaped by the interlocking challenges of poverty, energy, growing natural resource scarcities, deteriorating ecosystems and climate change will help to situate the debate about alternative modes of development. This section lays out the intellectual and scientific underpinnings of the Green Economy, and presents it as an alternative to GDP-centric conceptions of development, one that is consistent with climate change adaptation and mitigation whilst also contributing to social justice and poverty reduction"--
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Development planning : the Indian experience
Legitimating aid : donors and policy making in the rural water supply and sanitation sector in Nepal
Common crisis North-South : Cooperation for world recovery
Open access publishing as an incorporator of research and innovation cycle
"New Technologies in Developing Societies examines critically, and from theoretical, practical and policy perspectives how new technologies are transforming day-to-day human activities in Africa and other developing regions. In particular it addresses how technologies are harnessed to enhance socioeconomic conditions, and how people use technologies to empower themselves and to foster a strong deliberative democracy. It also studies how they deal with the challenges that new technologies pose to the protection of intellectual property rights of indigenous people, and the struggles between tradition and modernity in the HIV/AIDS prevention campaign. "--
Citizenship, civil society and development : interconnections in a global world
Whose ETSIP? : national and local ownership of Namibia's education and training sector improvement programme
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
New drug development in biopharmaceutical companies : the role of private and external funding
Making evaluation matter : writings from South Asia
Developmental change : an annotated bibliography
English abstract.
Market research for new product development : case Emfit Ltd
Fanon's warning : a civil society reader on the New Partnership for Africa's Development
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
Product development and international team managemen : case: European Project Semester, The Visual Demo Kit
Environmental education in the 21st century : theory, practice, progress and promise
Nationalism, democracy, and development : state and politics in India
Working with the grain : integrating governance and growth in development strategies
Development redefined : how the market met its match
Training for development tasks : report on a Finnish experiment in development training
Positivism rules : doing scientific anthropology in development research
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
Nepal, economy and development
Understanding development economics : its challenge to development studies
Life in a PRA-village : a training course in Riihimäki
Negotiating boundaries and borders : qualitative methodology and development research
A case study of the effects and impacts of the integrated rural development programme in the village of Humbani in Southern Zimbabwe (1994-2002)
Basic income grant in Namibia : a viewpoint on the proposal and on the work of the BIG coalition
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Latin American development
Development theory and the three worlds : towards an international political economy of development
Geography among the sciences
Autonomous development : humanizing the landscape : an excursion into radical thinking and practice
Analysis of Japanese and Finnish furniture design : a consideration for product identity and the relativity of industrial development and cultural context
UNRISD : about the institute
Governing the poor : exercises of poverty reduction, practices of global aid
The cultural dimension of development : towards a practical approach
Developing Africa : concepts and practices in twentieth-century colonialism
Burma/Myanmar : where now?
National human development report 2001 : doi moi and human development in Viet Nam
Mental models : aligning design strategy with human behavior
I accuse the press : an insider's view of the media and politics in Africa
Development and its discontents : proceedings of the Second Finnish Africa Days, Hyytiälä, Finland, May 23-25, 1994
"Overcoming state fragility is one of the most important international development objectives of the 21st century. Many fragile states have turned into failed states, where millions of people are caught in deprivation and seemingly hopeless conditions. Fragile states lack the authority, legitimacy, and capacity that a modern state needs to advance the development of its peoples, and present deep challenges for the design and implementation of development policy. For instance, how is aid to be designed and delivered in a way that will help people in fragile states if their governments lack capacity to absorb and use aid? And what can be done about adverse side-effects of fragile states on their neighbours and the global community, such as heightened insecurity, rising out-migration, displaced populations, and the destruction of natural resources? This book documents the far reaching global repercussions of state fragility and provides a timely contribution to the international discourse on three dimensions of fragile states: their causes, costs, and the responses required. It will appeal to scholars, policymakers, and donors who are concerned about conflict and development. Its aim is to contribute to our understanding of how strong and accountable states can be fostered-states where government and civil society progressively advance human wellbeing, underpin households' resilience in the face of shocks, and form effective partnerships to maximize the benefits of development assistance."--Publisher's website.
Development - concepts, policies and practices : essays in the memory of Michael Cowen
Race, racism and development : interrogating history, discourse and practice
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Market-based and rights-based approaches to the informal economy : a comparative analysis of the policy implications
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
The World Bank and the post-Washington consensus in Vietnam and Indonesia : inheritance of loss
The conversion of material and energy flows into welfare in Finland : 1960-2000
Smart specialisation in the Helsinki-Uusimaa region : research and Innovation Strategy for Regional Development 2014–2020
The global hunger crisis : tackling food insecurity in developing countries
Current issues in project analysis for development
Science policy and research in Finland
Socioemotional development and health from adolescence to adulthood
Opening the marketplace to small enterprise : where magic ends and development begins
Development theory : four critical studies
Indigenous self-development in the Americas : proceedings of the IWGIA symposium at the Congress of Americanists, Amsterdam 1988
Business support services for SMEs in Namibia : present state and development
"In 2050, the population in all the Nile Basin countries is expected to be ten times higher than it was in 1950. This will put ever increasing pressure on water as a resource for development. The Nile Basin catchment area is shared by 11 countries covering about one-tenth of the African continent. Globally, around 70 per cent of fresh water consumption is used in agriculture. This puts the spotlight on future scenarios regarding food production: will there be enough water for food security in the Nile Basin countries? In this Current African Issues publication, water scarcity and food security are analysed from a range of perspectives. What are the future predictions regarding population increase and climate change, and how will these affect development in Nile Basin countries? What are the current water theories addressing the above issues, and what are the main challenges the Nile Basin countries will face in a context that is also strongly shaped by its history?" --Publisher's description.
Development macroeconomics
Action research : an educational leader's guide to school improvement
Ujamaa : socialism from above
Building on the success of the 2003 Handbook of the Life Course, this second volume identifies future directions for life course research and policy. The introductory essay and the chapters that make up the five sections of this book, show consensus on strategic "next steps" in life course studies. These next steps are explored in detail in each section: Section I, on life course theory, provides fresh perspectives on well-established topics, including cohorts, life stages, and legal and regulatory contexts. It challenges life course scholars to move beyond common individualistic paradigms. Section II highlights changes in major institutional and organizational contexts of the life course. It draws on conceptual advances and recent empirical findings to identify promising avenues for research that illuminate the interplay between structure and agency. It examines trends in family, school, and workplace, as well as contexts that deserve heightened attention, including the military, the criminal justice system, and natural and man-made disaster. The remaining three sections consider advances and suggest strategic opportunities in the study of health and development throughout the life course. They explore methodological innovations, including qualitative and three-generational longitudinal research designs, causal analysis, growth curves, and the study of place. Finally, they show ways to build bridges between life course research and public policy.
The violence of development : resource depletion, environmental crises and human rights abuses in Central America
Religions and development
Angels of mercy or development diplomats? : NGOs & foreign aid
Sociology and the periphery : theories and issues
The social dimensions of development : social policy and planning in the Third World
Development research : the environmental challenge
Institutional impediments and reluctant actors : the limited role of democracy aid in democratic development
How to create a mind : the secret of human thought revealed
New challenges for European human resource management
Global mobilities and tourism development : a community perspective
The Analysis of Restaurant Industry In Kuopio Region
Foreign aid and foreign policy : major powers and Nepal
Development and welfare policy in South Asia
Towards starvation -- Exploitation, parasitism and strife -- Urban jungles -- Still-born nationalisms -- Moral disorientation -- Television without sanitation -- Kleptocracy or corruption as a system of government -- From colonial to post-colonial authoritarianism -- The emergent class structures -- Circulation of elites -- Economic and political consequences of polygamy -- The hidden aspects of foreign aid -- Neo-colonialism -- African socialism -- The Shibboleth of education -- Is there a way out?
Coping with facts : a skeptic's guide to the problem of development
Human resources development : a neglected dimension of development strategy : views and recommendations of the Committee for Development Planning
The future of development research : exploring the Nordic perspective(s)? : joint Nordic conference, 24-25 November 2011
International statebuilding and fragile states
Towards a new poverty agenda in Asia : social policies and economic transformation
Quakes of development
Race, Racism and Development places racism and constructions of race at the centre of an exploration of the dominant discourses, structures and practices of development. Combining insights from postcolonial and race critical theory with a political economy framework, it puts forward provocative theoretical analyses of the relationships between development, race, capital, embodiment and resistance in historical and contemporary contexts. Exposing how race is central to development policies and practices relating to human rights, security, good governance, HIV/AIDS, population control, NGOs, visual representations and the role of diasporas in development, the book raises compelling questions about contemporary imperialism and the possibilities for transnational political solidarity.
Development research and changing priorities
The sociology of the third world : disparity and involvement
The companion to development studies
Participatory research : a revolution in methodology?
Russian security policy : research in Finland and development trends in Russia.
Planning processes : the East African case
The political economy of HIV/AIDS in developing countries : TRIPS, public health systems and free access
Gender planning methodology : three papers on incorporating the gender approach in development cooperation programmes
Journal of international relations and development
Mind, society and behavior
Social and solidarity economy : beyond the fringe
