http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17092 radicalism
radicalism
Neighbors and enemies : the culture of radicalism in Berlin, 1929-1933
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 3, Reform 1810-1817
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 1, Early writings 1792-1800
The American Left : radical political thought in the twentieth century
Love and politics : radical feminist and lesbian theories
Terrorism, mass uprisings, and political extremism are in the news every day. It is no coincidence that these phenomena come together at the beginning of a new era. Radicals, Revolutionaries, and Terrorists provides a comprehensive survey of the intersection of radical social movements and political violence. The book considers eight essential questions for understanding radicalism, including its origins, dynamics, and outcomes. Ranging across the globe from the 1500s to the present, the book examines cases as diverse as nineteenth–century anarchists, the Nazis, Che Guevara, the Weather Underground, Chechen insurgents, the Earth Liberation Front, Al–Qaeda, and the Arab Spring. Throughout, Colin J. Beck connects these cases to key social movements literature to demonstrate how using multiple areas of research results in better explanations.
Dyke ideas : process, politics, daily life
Women of the far right : the mothers' movement and World War II
The new radicals : a report with documents
Radicalism and the revolt against reason : the social theories of Georges Sorel : with a translation of his essay on The decomposition of marxism
The new left revisited
Freedom and organization 1814-1914
Victorian Radicalism : the middle-class experience, 1830-1914
Terrorists and social democrats : the Russian revolutionary movement under Alexander III
Radical orthodoxy : a critical introduction
Counter-cultures in Germany and Central Europe : from Sturm und Drang to Baader-Meinhof
Inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work
Disability and history
Witness against the beast : William Blake and the moral law
Her best shot : women and guns in America
Road to revolution : a century of Russian radicalism
Green rage : radical environmentalism and the unmaking of civilization
The road not taken : a history of radical social work in the United States
Hegemony and socialist strategy : towards a radical democratic politics
DiY culture : party & protest in nineties Britain
The militant worker : class and radicalism in France and America
Abstract : Is there anti-party sentiment in Finland?.
The old left in history and literature
The lost literature of socialism
Radical intellectuals and the subversion of progressive politics : the betrayal of politics
Against bosses, against oligarchies : a conversation with Richrd Rorty
Politics on the edges of liberalism : difference, populism, revolution, agitation
Las Derechas : the extreme right in Argentina, Brazil, and Chile, 1890-1939
Radicalism and its results, 1760-1837
More radical hermeneutics : on not knowing who we are
The return of radicalism : reshaping the left institutions
While there had been much radical thought before John Stuart Mill, Joseph Persky argues it was Mill, as he moved to the left, who provided the radical wing of liberalism with its first serious analytical foundation, a political economy of progress that still echoes today. A rereading of Mill's mature work suggests his theoretical understanding of accumulation led him to see laissez-faire capitalism as a transitional system. Deeply committed to the egalitarian precepts of the Enlightenment, Mill advocated gradualism and rejected revolutionary expropriation on utilitarian grounds: gradualism, not expropriation, promised meaningful long-term gains for the working classes. He endorsed laissez-faire capitalism because his theory of accumulation saw that system approaching a stationary state characterized by a great reduction in inequality and an expansion of cooperative production. These tendencies, in combination with an aggressive reform agenda made possible by the extension of the franchise, promised to provide a material base for social progress and individual development. The Political Economy of Progress goes on to claim that Mill's radical political economy anticipated more than a little of Marx's analysis of capitalism and laid a foundation for the work of Fabians and other gradualist radicals in the 20th century. More recently, modern philosophic radicals, such as Rawls, have deep links to this Millean political economy. These links are still worthy of development. In particular, a politically meaningful acceptance of Rawls's radical liberalism waits on a movement capable of re-engineering the workplace in a manner consistent with Mill's endorsement of worker management.
What is radical in "radical international law"?
Visions of progress : the left-liberal tradition in America
The question of class struggle : social foundations of popular radicalism during the industrial revolution
Subversives : the FBI's war on student radicals, and Reagan's rise to power
Radikalität und Dissent in 16. Jahrhundert = Radicalism and dissent in the sixteenth century
Edmund Burke and the critique of political radicalism
Ecoterror : the violent agenda to save nature : the world of the Unabomber
Expect resistance : a crimethink field manual
Radicals and the future of the church
Women, gender, and radical religion in early modern Europe
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 2, From reaction to rebellion 1802-1810
Obsolete communism : the left-wing alternative
The subversion of politics : European autonomous social movements and the decolonization of everyday life
Radical democracy : identity, citizenship and the state : ed. by David Trend
The literary underground in the 1660s : Andrew Marvell, George Wither, Ralph Wallis, and the world of restoration satire and pamphleteering
Velvet glove, iron fist : a history of anti-smoking
East End Jewish radicals 1875-1914
A fury for God : the Islamist attack on America
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 6, Peasant politics 1828-1835
Contemporary developments in Indonesian Islam : explaining the "conservative turn"
"Why do ruling classes fear history?" and other questions
Jews and revolution in nineteenth century Russia
Abolitionist politics and the coming of the Civil War
Eating air : a novel
The missed encounter of radical philosophy with architecture
Soldiers and students : a study of right- and left-wing radicals
Orthodox paradoxes : heterogeneities and complexities in contemporary Russian orthodoxy
Dissident geographies : an introduction to radical ideas and practice
Freewomen and supermen : Edwardian radicals and literary modernism
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
Challenges how Americans think about terrorism, recruitment, and the homegrown threat. Security and public policy expert Erroll Southers examines post-9/11 homegrown violent extremism - what it is, the conditions enabling its existence, and approaches that can reduce the risk. The book contains essential information for communities, security practitioners, and policymakers on how violent extremists exploit vulnerabilities in their communities and offers approaches to put security theory into practice.
A major new manifesto for a high-tech future free from work  Neoliberalism isn't working. Austerity is forcing millions into poverty and many more into precarious work, while the left remains trapped in stagnant political practices that offer no respite.  Inventing the Future is a bold new manifesto for life after capitalism. Against the confused understanding of our high-tech world by both the right and the left, this book claims that the emancipatory and future-oriented possibilities of our society can be reclaimed. Instead of running from a complex future, Nick Srnicek and Alex Williams demand a postcapitalist economy capable of advancing standards, liberating humanity from work and developing technologies that expand our freedoms.
Marxism and "really existing socialism"
Why hope? : the stand against civilization
Europe and radical islam : confrontation, accommondation or dialogue?
Radical history & the politics of art
Death of a utopia : the development and decline of student movements in Europe
Radical Christian voices and practice : essays in honour of Christopher Rowland
The party of Eros : radical social thought and the realm of freedom
The agony of the American left
The white nationalist skinhead movement : UK & USA, 1979-1993
The world turned upside down : radical ideas during the English revolution
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Upstairs at the party
Radical democracy : politics between abundance and lack
Domestic devils, battlefield angels : the radicalism of American womanhood, 1830-1865
Venceremos Brigade : young Americans sharing the life and work of revolutionary Cuba : diaries, letters, interviews, tapes, essays, poetry, by the Venceremos Brigade
The victims' revolution : the rise of identity studies and the closing of the liberal mind
Inequality : radical institutionalist views on race, gender, class, and nation
Democracy and the student left
The Port Huron statement (1962)
Extremism, counter-terrorism and policing
The radicalism handbook : a complete guide to the radical movement in the twentieth century
New revolutionaries : left opposition
The radical right : the new American right expanded and updated
American political radicalism : contemporary issues and orientations
Historical dictionary of radical Christianity
Love in the time of revolution : transatlantic literary radicalism and historical change, 1793-1818
It's a sin : essays on postmodernism, politics and culture
Defying the law of the land : agrarian radicals in Irish history
Left of the color line : race, radicalism, and twentieth-century literature of the United States
Youth and revolution in the 1790s : letters of William Pattisson, Thomas Amyot and Henry Crabb Robinson
The roots of radical Islam
The Finn factor in American labor, culture and society
Mapping the extreme right in contemporary Europe : from local to transnational
Post-scarcity anarchism
"Bernard Lewis is recognized around the globe as one of the leading authorities on Islam. Hailed as "the world's foremost Islamic scholar" (Wall Street Journal ), as "a towering figure among experts on the culture and religion of the Muslim world" (Baltimore Sun ), and as "the doyen of Middle Eastern studies" (New York Times ), Lewis is nothing less than a national treasure, a trusted voice that politicians, journalists, historians, and the general public have all turned to for insight into the Middle East. Now, Lewis has brought together writings on religion and government in the Middle East, so different than in the Western world. The collection includes previously unpublished writings, English originals of articles published before only in foreign languages, and an introduction to the book by Lewis"--Provided by publisher.
The concepts of luxury and waste in American radicalism, 1880-1929
Freedom and organisation 1814-1914
The roots of Finnish-American left-wing radicalism
This book takes examples from around the world, picking through history and anthropology, showing that people have, in different ways and at different times, demonstrated mutual aid, self-organization, autonomy, horizontal decision making, and so forth--the principles that anarchy is founded on - regardless of whether they called themselves anarchists or not.
Radical geography : alternative viewpoints on contemporary social issues
Beyond left and right : the future of radical politics
Days of love, nights of war : crimethink for beginners
Unmodern men in the modern world : radical Islam, terrorism, and the war on modernity
The autobiography of Ōsugi Sakae
Radical distortion : how emotions warp what we hear
Feminist generations : the persistence of the radical women's movement
The dimensions of British radicalism : the case of Ireland 1874-95
Sayyid Qutb : the life and legacy of a radical Islamic intellectual
Radicals, revolutionaries, and terrorists
Year of the heroic guerilla : world revolution and counterrevolution in 1968
What's left? : radical politics in the postcommunict era
Global rebellion : religious challenges to the secular state from Christian militias to al Qaeda
Radical visions and American dreams : culture and social thought in the depression years
The rise and fall of the American left
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 5, A history of the protestant reformation in England and Ireland 1824-1826
Liberalism and local government in early Victorian London
Fatal future? : transnational terrorism and the new global disorder
Critical survey of radical and lesbian feminist ideas from the 1960s through the 1980s. Carol Anne Douglas examines diverse theories on the roots of male domination; love and sexuality; lesbianism and friendship between women; lesbian separatism; sadomasochism; strategy and tactics for women's liberation -- and more. Douglas probes the divergent roots of radical feminist theory. She then glides her analytic lens to examine diverse currents in radical feminist practice. While some radical feminists emphasize confronting the enemy (patriarchy and/or capitalism), others emphasize building alternative women's communities to achieve radical feminist goals in the here and now. "In the early and mid 1970s," Douglas observes, "there was a turn by radical and lesbian feminists not only from working for legislated reforms but also from any sort of demonstrations or direct confrontation with the male power structure... Creating independent projects -- whether these were publications, bookstores, restaurants, record companies, credit unions or rape crisis centers -- was seen by many as a more productive way of opposing the system. Creating an alternative system was seen as more radical than directly confronting the power structure. The alternative strategy is derived from the 1960s counterculture, but also ultimately from anarchist and utopian socialist principles.
The growth of philosophic radicalism
People's Republic of Amnesia : Tiananmen revisited
Rethinking radical education : essays in honour of Brian Simon
Radicals and conservatives
Visions and blueprints : avant-garde culture and radical politics in early twentieth-century Europe
Faith and power : religion and politics in the Middle East
The activists : Kurt Hiller and the politics of action on the German left, 1914-1933
Black marxism : the making of the Black radical tradition
Radical legacies : twentieth-century public intellectuals in the United States
The revolutionary imagination : the poetry and politics of John Wheelwright and Sherry Mangan
The movements of the New Left, 1950-1975 : a brief history with documents
The American radical
Radical Islam and the revival of medieval theology
Total liberation : the power and promise of animal rights and the radical earth movement
Freedom and organization : 1814-1914
Homegrown violent extremism
Gramsci is dead : anarchist currents in the newest social movements
Varieties of right-wing extremism in Europe
The consolidist manifesto
The Brechtian aspect of radical cinema
A revolution in sentiments, manners, and moral opinions : Catharine Macaulay und die politische Kultur des englischen Radikalismus, 1760-1790
Anarchy works : examples of anarchist ideas in practice
The sixties : years of hope days of rage
Keywords for radicals : the contested vocabulary of late-capitalist struggle
The radical right in late imperial Russia : dreams of a true fatherland?
"[The author] mixes extraordinary, marginal voices with famous - and infamous - figures, from messiahs like James Jezreel and Octavia 'Daughter of God'; writers such as Oscar Wilde, Arthur Conan Doyle and Edward Bulwer-Lytton; revolutionaries and radicals like Karl Marx, Beatrice Webb, George Bernard Shaw and Oswald Mosley; madmen like Richard Dadd and Jack the Ripper; worshippers of Pan such as Arthur Machen, Kenneth Grahame and J.M. Barrie; orientalists and guerrilla fighters like T.E. Lawrence and occultists like Aleister Crowley, to the Latvian anarchists who killed three policemen in the East End of London. This is the story of those who were outcasts by temperament and choice: the non-conformists of the age."--Book jacket.
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
The identification and elimination of radical flanks from the main group during a nonviolent action
The radical feminist movement has undergone significant transformation over the past four decades - from the direct action of the 1960s and 1970s to the backlash against feminism in the 1980s and 1990s. Drawing on organizational documents and interviews with both veterans of the women's movement and younger feminists in Columbus, Ohio, Nancy Whittier traces the changing definitions of feminism as the movement has evolved. She documents subtle variations in feminist identity and analyzes the striking differences, conflicts, and cooperation between longtime and recent activists. The collective stories of the women - many of them lesbians and lesbian feminists whom the author shows to be central to the women's movement and radical feminism - illustrate that contemporary radical feminism is very much alive. It is sustained through protests, direct action, feminist bookstores, rape crisis centers, and cultural activities like music festivals and writers workshops, which Whittier argues are integral - and political - aspects of the movement's survival. Her analysis includes discussions of a variety of both liberal and radical organizations, including the Women's Action Collective, Women Against Rape, Fan the Flames Bookstore, the Ohio ERA Task Force, and NOW. Unlike many studies of feminist organizing, her study also considers the difference between Columbus, a Midwest, medium-sized city, and feminist activities in major cities like New York, San Francisco, and Chicago, as well as the roles of radical feminists in the development of women's studies departments and other social movements like AIDS education and self-help.
The radical future of liberal feminism
Marcuse - dilemma and liberation : a critical analysis
The Marxian revolutionary idea
Populist radical right parties in Europe
Radicals : politics and republicanism in the French Revolution
Revolutionary Yiddishland : a history of Jewish radicalism
The political economy of progress : John Stuart Mill and modern radicalism
Visionary religion and radicalism in early industrial England : from Southcott to socialism
Radical philosophy of law : contemporary challenges to mainstream legal theory and practice
The future of revolutions : rethinking radical change in the age of globalization
In 1798, English essayist and novelist William Godwin ignited a transatlantic scandal with Memoirs of the Author of "A Vindication of the Rights of Woman." Most controversial were the details of the romantic liaisons of Godwin's wife, Mary Wollstonecraft, with both American Gilbert Imlay and Godwin himself. Wollstonecraft's life and writings became central to a continuing discussion about love's place in human society. Literary radicals argued that the cultivation of intense friendship could lead to the renovation of social and political institutions, whereas others maintained that these freethinkers were indulging their own desires with a disregard for stability and higher authority. Through correspondence and novels, Andrew Cayton finds an ideal lens to view authors, characters, and readers all debating love's power to alter men and women in the world around them. Cayton argues for Wollstonecraft's and Godwin's enduring influence on fiction published in Great Britain and the United States and explores Mary Godwin Shelley's endeavors to sustain her mother's faith in romantic love as an engine of social change.
The survival of the adversary culture : social criticism and political escapism in American society
Radical son : a generational Odyssey
Woody Guthrie : American radical
Early industrial England witnessed significant interactions between millenarianism and traditions of radical popular politics, including the first English socialisms. This text provides a detailed archive-based study of Southcottianism from 1815 to 1840 that revises many previous assumptions about this popular millenarian movement.
The crisis of Chinese consciousness : radical antitraditionalism in the May Fourth era
Seeds of the sixties
Rules for radicals : a practical primer for realistic radicals
The year of the young rebels
Right response : understanding and countering populist extremism in Europe
Islam in American prisons : black Muslims' challenge to American penology
Critics of society : radical thought in North America
Understanding violent radicalisation : terrorist and jihadist movements in Europe
New approaches to countering terrorism : designing and evaluating counter radicalization and de-radicalization programs
The best of Abbie Hoffman
Slavery, imperialism, and freedom : studies in English radical thought
The islamic state of Iraq and Syria : the history of Isis/Isil
Publications of the Institute of General History, University of Turku Finland = Publikationen des Instituts für allgemaine Geschichte, Universität Turku Finland
Public intellectuals, radical democracy and social movements : a book of interviews
William Cobbett : selected writings. Vol. 4, Popular politics and power 1817-1826
Radical politics and ideals
Intellectual origins of American radicalism
Isolation and radicalism in democracy
This is not a program
A radical worker in tsarist Russia : the autobiography of Semën Ivanovich Kanatchikov
Forgotten Radicals : communists in the Pennsylvania Anthracite, 1919-1950
Radical christianity : a reading of recovery
On the margins of the biblical canon and on the boundaries of what are traditionally called 'mainstream' Christian communities there have been throughout history writings and movements which have been at odds with the received wisdom and the consensus of establishment opinion. If one listens carefully, these dissident voices are reflected in the Bible itself-whether in the radical calls for social change from the Hebrew Bible prophets, with Jesus the apocalyptic prophet who also demanded social and economic justice for his oppressed people.
The new left and the origins of the cold war
Victoria's madmen : revolution and alienation
The heart of revolution : the radical life and novels of Olive Dargan
Between known men and visible saints : a study in sixteenth-century English dissent
"Struggle a hard battle" : essays on working-class immigrants
