http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1701 digital printing
digital printing
Digital printing of textiles
"A fully illustrated instructional printmaking book presenting step-by-step examples alongside representative works from thirty top contemporary printmaking artists.  Printmaking is flourishing in the digital age, appealing to both "traditional" artists as well as those interested in graphic design and digital technique. This all-in-one guide to printmaking technique is a complete technical and inspirational book on the history and contemporary processes for relief, intaglio, lithography, serigraphy, mixed media/transfers, and post digital graphics, with extended profiles of a wide range of contemporary printmakers. Featuring instruction, interviews, example images, and philosophy, this beautiful book provides a truly modern look at printmaking today, in all its forms"--
Web store's upgrade to reinforce the conventional business in print industry : Painokone.fi
A guide to graphic print production
Graphic designerś digital printing and prepress handbook
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Printing
The all new print production handbook
Fine art printing for photographers : exhibition quality prints with inkjet printers
The digital print : identification and preservation
Digital art studio : techniques for combining inkjet printing with traditional art materials
Post-digital printmaking : CNC, traditional and hybrid techniques
Abstract: Rapidly evolving technology of digital printing opens new opportunities on many markets. One of them is the printed fabric market where printing companies as well as clients benefit from new printing methods. This thesis focuses on the digital textile printing technology and its implementation for fabric-on-demand printing service in Finland. The purpose of this project was to study the technology behind digital textile printing, areas of application of this technology, the requirements for the digital printing on fabrics and the economical aspects of the new technology. Based on the study a tentative business plan for a small digital textile printing company taking advantage of the Internet as a service deployment platform was created. The thesis is based on a literature review of several printed sources, numerous internet articles and up-to-date presentations on digital printing. A business plan for the digital textile printing service in Finland was created as the result of this project. According to the information gathered, it is economically feasible for a start-up to operate with its own printing facilities consisting of two low-end digital textile printing ink jet printers. However, the demand for the service in Finland is still the subject for further studies.
Digitalisation and print media : 32nd International IARIGAI Research Conference, Haikko Minor, Porvoo, Finland, 4-7 September, 2005 : conference papers
Handbook of print media : technologies and production methods
E-business@print : Internet-based services and processes
Textile digital printing technologies
Papermaking science and technology. Book 13, Print media : principles, processes and quality
Digital layout : for the internet and other digital media
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Computational visual quality of digitally printed images
The complete guide to digital type : creative use of typography in the digital arts
Dry toner-based electrophotographic printing on extrusion coated paperboard
Introduction to prepress
The digital print : identification and preservation / Martin C. Jürgens
The digital designer
Introduction to printing and finishing
The purpose of the thesis was to explore and analyse the web store?s upgrading to reinforce the conventional business in print industry. The research solved the target company's present stage and the market environment with respect to e-commerce and means of marketing. Additionally, the object was to estimate a budget for upgrading Painokone.fi. The practical challenges and research questions were: 1) Is there still a need for web-based store for e-commerce in Finnish printing industry and is it a profitable channel to do business? 2) How should Newprint Oy develop its existing web-based store to meet today?s needs of a customer, and thus providing better user experience? 3) What are the appropriate marketing means in order to reach the target audience and keep them returning to the site to shop online? The study was carried out as a desktop research during Spring 2013 and Spring 201 4.The objectives of the theoretical part were to concentrate on the target company, market environment, meanings of the e-commerce in business and e-customer behaviour in B2B marketing, and these economic effects. In the empirical part of the thesis, the theoretical models were applied to function directly with the target company. The thesis was qualitative and the material used was mainly new, fresh and prestigious. In addition, in the empirical part of the thesis, there were solved and defined the means for successful e-commerce and the budget of upgrading the web store. In all, the objectives were to get practical perception and advices in upgrading. Regarding to clarifications, the target company get perceptions of an e-commerce, e-commerce?s value to business, required operations in upgrading the web store and budget estimate of costs. The research clarified the present situation of the target company, needed activity to successful e-commerce and proposal of next steps.The objectives of this research were clarified as planned. As a result, Newprint Oy should analyse the data of the browsers' to get a profound perception and profile of the e-customers. Additionally, regarding to Painokone.fi's marketing channels, there should be established other channels from interactive marketing to search engine optimizations to promote the site. The results of this study points out that understanding customer?s e-commerce behaviour and providing both good user experience and purchase fulfilment are the keys for successful e-commerce. However, the behaviour of the customers can easily change, so the target company has to be constantly aware of the market.
Print, make, wear : creative projects for digital textile design
Printing materials : science and technology
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
The purpose of this thesis was to study the effect of structural coating pigments on ink jet papers. The object was to examine the properties of the pigments and evaluate the given printing result. Pigment is the most important factor affecting the coating properties and different pigments give different properties. Ten structural coating pigments were used in this thesis. The target was to find one special coating pigment that could be utilized in paper manufacturing. Another target was to find an optimal coating mix and the correct amount of the pigment. The thesis contains confidential background material.
The effect of structural mineral pigments on the coating of ink jet papers
The last layer : new methods in digital printing for photography, fine art and mixed media
Digital printing alternative surfaces : the definitive source
Production for graphic designers
Modern printmaking : a guide to traditional and digital techniques
Graphic designer's print + color handbook
The digital print : the complete guide to processes, identification and preservation
Publishing for profit : successful bottom-line management for book publishers
Environmental performance of digital printing : literature study
The digital print : the complete guide to processes, identification and preservation / Martin C. Jürgens
Getting it right in print : a guide for graphic designers
Digital printing start-up guide
Introduction to digital print
The busness of digital printing : an introduction to the digital book and journal industries
Printmaking : a complete guide to materials & processes
Digital fashion print : with Photoshop® and Illustrator®
Digital alchemy : printmaking techniques for fine art, photography, and mixed media
Process color manual : 24,000 CMYK combinations for design, prepress, and printing
