http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17020 pictorial expression
pictorial expression
Problems, solutions : visual thinking for graphic communicators
Painting and personality : a study of young children
The image of Helsinki in modern Finnish film
This fully updated third edition of Rob Barnes' classic text blends practical ideas with sound principles of art education. Teachers and students teachers will find a range of ideas and tried and tested classroom examples; whilst for those looking for firm principles of art teaching and 'best practice' this book presents many important issues in art education with clarity and insight.
Information visualization : an introduction
Art, perception, and reality
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte seconda, I colori = Colors
Visual explanations : images and quantities, evidence and narrative
The power of the center : a study of composition in the visual arts : the new version
Draw! : a visual approach to thinking, learning and communicating
A role for representational styles in secondary art education
Visual communication : images with messages
Drawings of people by the under-5s
Visual storytelling : the art and technique
Barns bildspråk = Children's pictorial language
The perception of pictures. Vol. 1, Alberti's window : the projective model of pictorial informatin
Experience and art : teaching children to paint
Visual illusions : their causes, characteristics and applications
Perceptions of knowledge visualization : explaining concepts through meaningful images
Children's drawing
Early childhood art
Varieties of realism : geometries of representational art
Images for classicists
The embodied image : imagination and imagery in architecture
Visual order : the nature and development of pictorial representation
The colors of learning : integrating the visual arts into the early childhood curriculum
Movies and meaning : an introduction to film
Art as medicine : creating a therapy of the imagination
Human abilites to perceive, understand, and manage multi-dimensional information with visualizations
An experiment in education
The perception of pictures. Vol. 2, Dürer's devices : beyond the projective model of pictures
Cinema 1 : the mouvement-image
Ecological perception research, visual communication and aesthetics
Cinema 2 : the time-image
The visual effects arsenal : VFX solutions for the independent filmmaker
Provocative shots
Revelations : the art of Max Bertolini
Analyzing children's art
Data visualization for dummies
Imagery in the 21st century
Spirit of drawing : a sensory meditation guide to creative expression
Art and illusion : a study in the psychology of pictorial representation
The power of the center : a study of composition in the visual arts
THE THAMES AND HUDSON MANUAL OF RENDERING..
Does the wine god ever drink? Why do artistic depictions of ancient myths sometimes "contradict" the textual versions that we think of as canonical? What caused the Romans to be anxious about decorated ceilings? Can numismatic images solve problems in Augustan politics or explain the provenance of the Warren Cup? How are the curators of ancient artifacts to supply the high-quality digital images that scholars need in order to answer these questions? And how are text-based scholars to make productive use of them? Images have their own semantic language, and their survival, usually divorced from their original context, makes it hard to interpret them with nuance and sophistication.This book starts from the premise that the visual and textual records from antiquity are indispensable complements to one another and demonstrates some of the ways in which text and image, taken together, can complicate and enrich our understanding of ancient culture. While attempting to dissolve the distinctions between text- and artifact-based scholars, it also tries to bridge the gap between academy and museum by exploring the challenges that the digital revolution poses to curators and sketching some of the ways in which image-based collections may be deployed in the future.
On the analysis of pictorial representation
Can selected mental imagery techniques positively affect children's ability to superimpose differing images?
The imaginary : word and image = L'Imaginaire : texte et image
The last vispo anthology : visual poetry 1998-2008
Teaching art to young children
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. 1, La luce = The light
Art as experience
Envisioning information
Seeing is believing? : approaches to visual research
Picture, image and experience : a philosophical inquiry
Children's drawing and writing : the remarkable in the unremarkable
The nude : a study in ideal form
The mapped environment : cognitive aspects of children's drawings
The imaginary as a critical concept originated in the twentieth century and has been theorized in diverse ways. It can be understood as a register of thought; the way we interpret the world; the universe of images, signs, texts, and objects of thought. In this volume, it is explored as it manifests itself in encounters between the verbal and the visual. A number of the essays brought together here explore the transposition of the imaginary in illustrations of texts and verbal renditions of images, as well as in comic books based on paintings or on verbal narratives. Others analyze ways in which books deal with film or television and investigate the imaginary in digital media. Special attention is paid to the imaginary of places and the relationship of the imaginary with memory. Written in English and French, these contributions by European and American scholars demonstrate the various concerns and approaches characteristic of contemporary scholarship in word and image studies.
Prints & people : a social history of printed pictures
The ceramic narrative : with an essay by David Whiting
Modernity and the hegemony of vision
500 kids art ideas : inspiring projects for fostering creativity and self-expression
The nude in Western art : 106 reproductions
Crisis of the real : writings on photography, 1974-1989
The influence of instruction in formal analysis on the acquisition of visual design concepts and the production of paintings
The domain of images
The literary works of Leonardo da Vinci
A theory of craft : function and aesthetic expression
The dark side of the moon : high school students' perceptions of grammar instruction
Drawing monsters & heroes for film & comics : the drawings of Kerry Gammill
Ways of seeing
Prints and visual communication
Outsider status : A study of Tim Burton's Edward Scissorhands and Ed Wood
The use of photographs in educational research
Teaching young children to draw : imaginative approaches to representational drawing
Initialen + Bildbuchstaben = Initials + decorative alphabets
Six drawing lessons
Picture composition for film and television
The language of visual art : perception as a basis for design
Children's human figure drawings : development, sex differences and relation to psychological theories. Vol. 2, Figures, appendices, manual and tables of results
Observation drawing with children : a framework for teachers
Alphabete, ein Schriftatlas von A bis Z = Alphabets, a type specimen atlas from A to Z
Scrivere con la luce = Writing with light. Parte terza, Gli elementi = The elements
[I remember very vividly encountering a group of gorillas]
Picturebooks : representation and narration
The elements of photography : understanding and creating sophisticated images
In the domain of visual images, those of fine art form a tiny minority. This book calls upon art historians to look beyond their traditional subjects - painting, drawing, photography, and printmaking - to the vast array of "nonart" images, including those from science, technology, commerce, medicine, music, and archaeology. Such images, James Elkins asserts, can be as rich and expressive as any canonical painting. Using scores of illustrations as examples, he proposes a radically new way of thinking about visual analysis, one that relies on an object's own internal sense of organization.
Reading drawings : an introduction to looking at drawings
Psychiatric visual expression interview in dissociative disorders
Picture theory : essays on verbal and visual representation / W. J. T. Mitchell
Drawing and looking : theoretical approaches to pictorial rresentation in children
Picturing the self : changing views on the subject in visual culture
The pictorial world of the child
The image and the eye : further studies in the psychology of pictorial representation
The art of Finding Nemo
Patterns of artistic development in children : comparative studies of talent
Drawing programs : the theory and practice of schematic functional programming
