http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17009 Internet banking
Internet banking online banking
Elektra, network access to scientific journal articles
E-banking in Estonia : reasons and benefits of the rapid growth
Mobile banking adoption: A literature review
"The Right Time": social time perspective for developing retail banking services online
Settlement in modern network-based payment infrastructures : description and prototype of the E-settlement model
Managing internet information services
Man-computer interface 1988b
What's in it for us? : network effects and bank payment innovation
The effect of ageing on usability : challenges of Internet banking
Bank 2.0 : how customer behaviour and technology will change the future of financial services
Inside the communication revolution : evolving patterns of social and technical interaction
Internet Banking : future perspective and problems of privacy and trust : case study Russia, Finland and Estonia
Changing money : how the digital age is transforming financial services
Cloud computing strategies
The power of mobile banking : how to profit from the revolution in retail financial services
Comparative study of cashless payment methods concentrating on direct debiting
Consumer trust in Internet banking : a cross-national comparison between Finland and Portugal
Netlaw : your rights in the online world
Marketing Letter for Specific Customers via Internet Bank and Electronic Signature : Case: Joroisten Osuuspankki
The development and structure of banking sector : retail banking in Estonia
Blockchain revolution : how the technology behind bitcoin is changing money, business, and the world
Benchmarking website usability analysis for online financial services : an assessment and case study of the Finnish market
Essays on customers in the dawn of interactive banking
Incorporating corporate memory in a Canadian polar information system
Customer perceived value of different channels in electronic banking : a means-end approach
The current factors affecting the competitiveness of Internet banking services in Finland
Valueweb : how fintech firms are using mobile and blockchain technologies to create the Internet of value
Moving toward an arctic information system : future directions
Time and location as customer perceived value drivers
Dialogue and rhetoric
High-tech entrepreneurship in Asia : innovation, industry and institutional dynamics in mobile payments
GAP between service providers and subscribers of wireless application protocol (WAP) in the sectors of banking and finance in Finland
The effects of a security breach on customer online buying behaviour: case study of OP-kotipankki's mastercard customers
Adoption of e-banking services in Europe : case of self-service payment kiosks
E-business innovation and process management
Customer service channel switching paths: switching from traditional banking channels to Internet : case Okopankki Oyj
Why open educational resources repositories fail : the contribution of quality approaches to the success of repositories
E-finance: the future is here
Implementation of e-banking in Vietnam : motivations and challenges - case Company A
Towards the global information superhighway : a non-technical primer for policy makers
Paying with plastic : the digital revolution in buying and borrowing
Linnea - the national research library network
Internet banking services in China : customer service quality delivered over the Internet
The use of Internet services by customers of Limingan Osuuspankki
Mapping and interpreting strategic thought on electronic banking services : case: Merita bank
Networking in supply chain integration : implementing RosettaNet payments in the finnish ITC-Sector
Bank in a pocket : approaches to design problems of a mobile banking service
From reactive to proactive banking : connecting with customers with context-aware mobile technology
Alliancing for mobile commerce : convergence of financial institutions and mobile operators
User perceptions of internet banking
Increasing stakeholder participation using ICT : report of the regional workshop, Bangkok, 19-24 July 2004
Tell your own stories in Muistikko and share them with others!
Personalization and customer relationship management in the context of internet banking
The Internet for the older and wiser : get up and running safely on the web
Mobile banking in developing countries (a case study on Kenya).
The effect of the Internet on order-delivery -chain
The Internet of Things is all about machines trading with machines - your fridge orders groceries; your car, fuel; your television, entertainment; and so on. However, machines cannot trade with machines if it's expensive and slow. Would you really want your TV to order the next season of Games of Thrones, if the payment took ten days and cost 25 or more? Unfortunately with the way the bank system works today, that is the problem we face today. As a result, we need an Internet of Value to work with the Internet of Things. The Internet of Value - or ValueWeb, for short - allows machines to trade.
Can e-banking services be profitable?
How do you manage electronic commerce? What is the technology behind electronic commerce? Electronic Commerce: A Manager's Guide is a starting point for business managers and professionals involved with electronic commerce, as well as professionals/users who want to keep abreast of the latest trends and issues in management practices affected by electronic commerce technology. Authors Ravi Kalakota and Andrew Whinston take a down-to-earth approach to a very important business subject, with insightful examples to show how ideas have been put into practice. Highlights *Provides a clear overview of what electronic commerce is all about. *Specifies the business uses and technology directions of the World Wide Web *Clarifies management issues facing Internet Service Providers. *Explains firewalls, transaction security, and electronic payment methods. *Describes electronic commerce applications and challenges in banking, retailing, and publishing. *Covers electronic commerce applications internally within the corporation -- supply-chain management, manufacturing, and finance.
Adoption of mobile banking services in Finland
Yearbook
Challenges and potentials of behavioural intention to adopt mobile banking or payment in Nigeria
The adoption of e-banking in China : an empirical study using UTAUT
Cybercash : the coming era of electronic money
Online banks' service development using a revised UTAUT model
Revealing privacy : debating the understandings of privacy
Resource sharing among U.S. providers of polar information
Consumer value drivers in electronic banking
Adoption of mobile banking in Finland
The Internet as we know it is great for collaboration and communication, but is deeply flawed when it comes to commerce and privacy. The new blockchain technology facilitates peer-to-peer transactions without any intermediary such as a bank or governing body. Keeping the user's information anonymous, the blockchain validates and keeps a permanent public record of all transactions. That means that your personal information is private and secure, while all activity is transparent and incorruptible--reconciled by mass collaboration and stored in code on a digital ledger. With its advent, we will not need to trust each other in the traditional sense, because trust is built into the system itself.
Skip Allums designs next-generation mobile banking and payments experiences for some of the world's largest financial service providers. In this book, he offers on-the-ground insights into present and future design patterns in this space, as well as lessons learned and common pitfalls. With mobile devices emerging as new tools for transactions and identification, designers face challenging interactions and user expectations from payment scenarios. Consumers expect mobile payment experiences to be frictionless and familiar, while faithfully protecting their financial data. Falling short on either of these aspects will cause users to drop out, or worse, compromise their financial privacy. To help designers meet these challenges, this book provides a primer on the world of mobile commerce, as well as user experience best practices.
Abstract.
Internet banking and the law in Europe : regulation, financial integration and  electronic commerce
Electronic banking in Finland : consumer beliefs, attitudes, intentions and behaviors
Governing innovation : Internet and renewal in Swedish banks
Consumer resistance to switching banking service channel from ATM to Internet
Experiences about change and its management : early stage of change process
The fintech book : the financial technology handbook for investors, entrepreneurs and visionaries
Moving toward an arctic information network : stage 1.
Designing a Canadian polar information system
Banking Technology in Finland
Factors influencing corporate customers' acceptance of internet banking : case of Scandinavian trade finance customers
Multiple perspectives to consumer behaviour in electronic commerce : research findings of the Kelpo project
Electronic commerce : a manager's guide
Legal issues in electronic banking
Neoliberal hegemony : a global critique
Changes in Internet usage : results from the survey on ICT usage in households and by individuals 2008.
Today's tech-savvy consumers are demanding a more personal customer experience from their banks, and banks are discovering that mobile services deliver individualized, tailored experiences better than any other technology.
Designing mobile payment experiences : principles and best practices for mobile commerce
World development report 1998/99 : knowledge for development
Moving toward an arctic information network : problems of access
Financial Solutions
Trust in the New Economy : the case of Finnish banks
"The reader will learn about key developments in the industry and obtain insights of cutting-edge practitioners whether entrepreneurs, investors, or advisors in the retail/commercial banking/investment banking and asset management space"--
Online banking service : case study of Kokkolan Osuuspankki, OP-Pohjola Group member bank
