http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17000 Erysiphales
Erysiphales
Linking spatial and evolutionary dynamics in a plant-pathogen metapopulation
Abstract: A total of 12 powdery mildew species with 29 parasite-host combinations is reported. Most of the species are pronounced lowland species occurring on hemerophilous or hemerochorous hosts. Attention was paid on the occurrence of Erysiphe graminis on various hosts, and significant differences in the size of the conidia were reported.
The powdery mildews : a comprehensive treatise
Abstract: Sphaerotheca drabae was found on Saxifraga nivalis in the Kevojoki valley near the Kevo Research Station. This find may represent a remarkable case of incipient physiological specialization of a powdery mildew, which in Fennoscandia only infects species of the genus Draba.
Strawberry powdery mildew and its control on Zephyr strawberries
Conidial germination of wheat powdery mildew on water agar at temperatures from + 5 to + 30 C.
Taxonomic manual of the Erysiphales (powdery mildews)
On Finnish micromycetes. 8 : Erysiphales of Inari Lapland
A list of powdery mildews of California
Host-pathogen coevolution through trade-offs and coinfection
Effects of AMF- and PGPR-root inoculation and a foliar chitosan spray in single and combined treatments on powdery mildew disease in strawberry
Trials were carried out using, as a root inoculants, mixed Glomus spp. (G. mossae, G. caledonium, and G. fasiculatum) and Bacillus subtilis FZB24, and the plant activator N, O-carboxymethyl chitosan applied as a foliar spray. The treatments were applied singly and in combinations, on strawberry plants grown out of season in a greenhouse.  Both fruit yield and runner production were reduced due to disease.  Several of the treatments were found to have significant effects, increasing fruit number and yield, and runner production.  Disease symptom severity was lowest in the B. subtilis FZB24 plus chitosan treatment. The treatments giving significantly higher fruit yield/number and runner production werea inoculation with B. subtilis FZB24, and with B. subtilis FZB24 or AMF combined with chitosan spray. These treatments and a fungicide treatment, gave the same level of disease control.
Erysiphaceae Lév. in Eastern Europe and North Asia
Integrated control of cereal mildews and rusts: Towards coordination of research across Europe
On Finnish micromycetes. 9 : Sphaerotheca drabae Juel on Saxifraga nivalis in Finnish Lapland
Sooty moulds from European Tertiary amber, with notes on the systematic position of Rosaria ('Cyanobacteria')
The powdery mildews
