http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17030 Spanish language literature
Spanish language literature
A new history of Spanish writing : 1939 to the 1990s
Eyes to see otherwise = Ojos de otro mirar : selected poems 1960-2000
A new history of Spanish literature
One hundred years of solitude
This book offers discussion and analysis of the subtle writing of Nobel Laureate Gabriel García Márquez - a traditionalist who draws from classic Western texts, a Modernist committed to modernizing the conservative literary tradition in Colombia and Latin America, an internationally recognized major writer of the 1960s Boom, the key figure in popularizing what has been called "magic realism" and, finally, a Modernist who has occasionally engaged in some of the strategies of the postmodern. The author demonstrates that García Márquez is above all a committed and highly accomplished Modernist fiction writer who has successfully synthesized his political vision in his writing and absorbed a vast array of cultural and literary traditions. Drawing on García Márquez's interviews with Williams and others over the years, the book also explores the importance of the non-literary, the presence of oral tradition and the visual arts, thus providing a more complete insight into García Márquez's strategies as a Modernist with heterogeneous aesthetic interests, as well as an understanding of his social and political preoccupations.
Spanish and English literature of the 16th and 17th centuries : studies in discretion, illusion and mutability
Splendor and death of Joaquin Murieta = Fulgor y muerte de Joaquin Murieta
Temptation of the world : the novels of Mario Vargas Llosa
Spanish poetry of the twentieth century : modernity and beyond
Literary currents in Hispanic America
Jorge Luis Borges : a study of the short fiction
The Barcelona brothers
Biographical dictionary of Hispanic literature in the United States : the literature of Puerto Ricans, Cuban Americans, and other Hispanic writers
The meaning of existence in contemporary Hispanic literature
Borges and his fiction : a guide to his mind and art
Under construction : the body in Spanish novels
Borges, between history and eternity
The feast of the goat
The Spanish pastoral novel
Signs of Borges
Torn Lace and other stories
Contemporary Spanish literature
Portrait of a woman as artist : Emilia Pardo Bazán and the modern novel in France and Spain
Central American writers of West Indian origin : a new Hispanic literature
The modern Spanish novel 1898-1936
Traces of contamination : unearthing the Francoist legacy in contemporary Spanish discourse
A book of cosmological surrealism in the tradition of Octavio Paz, "Solar Poems" is the first English translation of a single volume of poems by Mexico's famed poet-diplomat Homero Aridjis, exploring political consciousness as well as visionary psychological themes. President emeritus of International PEN, the prolific poet is Mexico's ambassador to UNESCO. "Poemas solares" ("Solar Poems") was published in 2005. Translator George McWhirter won the Commonwealth Poetry Prize for "Catalan Poems," the F.R. Scott Prize for "Selected Poems of JosA(c) Emilio Pacheco," and the Ethel Wilson Fiction Prize for his novel "Cage." He is Vancouver's first Poet Laureate.
A companion to the twentieth-century Spanish novel
The Cambridge history of Latin American literature. Vol. 2, The twentieth century
The novels of Julio Cortázar
Earth tones : the poetry of Pablo Neruda
Love poetry of the literary academies in the reigns of Philip IV and Charles II
The poetry and poetics of Jorge Luis Borges
El romancero hoy : poética : 2. ̊coloquio internacional, University of California, Davis
Songs and sonnets of love still innocent : a representative anthology of the poetry of Gerardo Diego
A short-title catalogue of eighteenth century Spanish books in The British Library. 1, Catalogue A-L, vol. 2: Catalogue M-Z, vol. 3: Indexes
The Cambridge history of Latin American literature. Vol. 1, Discovery to modernism
Questing fictions : Latin America's family romance
The philosophy of love in Spanish literature : 1480-1680
The potbellied virgin
Transparent simulacra : Spanish fiction, 1902-1926
Collected stories
The story of a shipwrecked sailor
Signs preceding the end of the world
José Martí : epic chronicler of the United States in the eighties
The late poetry of Pablo Neruda
Gabriel García Márquez and the powers of fiction
Borges, the poet
Things done with words : speech acts in Hispanic drama : proceedings of the 1984 Stony Brook Seminar
The word and the stone : language and imagery in Neruda's Canto general
Thirty Spanish poems of love and exile
Encounters with Juan Ramón Jiménez
The night
Understanding Mario Vargas Llosa
Three trapped tigers
Julio Cortázar : new readings
A short history of Spanish literature
Juan Goytisolo : territories of life and writing
A history of the Spanish novel
Lorca : the poet and his people
Overt theatricality and the theatrum mundi : metaphor in Spanish and English drama 1570-1640
Twentieth-century Spanish American fiction
A literary history of Spain. Spanish American literature since independence
Latin American writing today
The postmodern novel in Latin America : politics, culture, and the crisis of truth
Octavio Paz : a study of his poetics
With Borges on an ordinary evening in Buenos Aires : a memoir
A history of Spanish literature
Tragedia Josephina
The reader and the text : interpretative strategies for Latin American literatures
Through the shattering glass : Cervantes and the self-made world
Libro de Apolonio : an old Spanish poem. Part 1, Text and introduction
In the feminine mode : essays on Hispanic women writers
Writing in the margin : Spanish literature of the golden age
The Discreet Hero
Chicano poetry : a critical introduction
The poetry of Pablo Neruda
The epic of Latin American literature
... y no se lo tragó la tierra = ... and the earth did not devour him
The complete poetry : a bilingual edition
The literature of the Spanish people : from Roman times to the present day
El romancero hoy : nuevas fronteras : 2. ̊coloquio internacional, University of California, Davis
I'm speaking : selected poems
The shadow of the wind : a novel
The post-boom in Spanish American fiction
Libro de Apolonio : an old Spanish poem. Part 2, Grammar, notes and vocabulary
