http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17086 floor plans
floor plans
"Details, Technology, and Form is the third volume in the continuing AsBuilt series, which features formal and material innovations in architecture with an emphasis on architectural detailing and the ways that architects and engineers are getting the maximum out what contemporary technology can do. The twenty-five projects in the book have been selected from current architecture built in the United States and Canada, including work by architects from abroad collaborating with North American teams. Layouts for each project comprise ten or twelve pages of architectural and technical drawings, diagrams, illustrations, and full-color photographs of the finished building, as well as work-in-progress material that illustrates fabrication and assembly and an explanatory text. Architects featured include: el Dorado Inc., Morphosis, MOS Architects, Polshek Partnership Architects, Renzo Piano Building Workshop, SOM, Toshiko Mori, , Weiss Manfredi, and Zaha Hadid Architects"--
Improving cruise ship crew cabin design
Encyclopaedia of world architecture
Details, technology, and form
Interior Design Drawing
Restaurant, architecture and design
AutoCAD 2011 and AutoCAD LT 2011 : no experience required
Architects' data
150 best apartment ideas
Underdrawing in paintings of the Rogier Van der Weyden and master of Flémalle groups / J.R.J. van Asperen de Boer, J. Dijkstra and R. van Schoute ; with the assistance of C.M.A. Dalderup and J.P. Filedt Kok
Works
Encyclopaedia of world architecture. 1
"A rational and functional floor plan"
Design strategies in architecture : an approach to the analysis of form
Resort hotels : planning and management
Midkemia : the chronicles of Pug
Detail in contemporary lighting design
"A step-by-step tutorial on AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT basics. AutoCAD is the leading drawing software, used by design and drafting professionals to create 2D and 3D technical drawings. This tutorial is aimed at AutoCAD novices and provides you with the essentials you need so you can acquire the necessary skills to work in AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT immediately. You'll begin with the basics and gradually progress to more advanced topics and features, such as grouping, elevations, hatches, and using text in drawings. Concise explanations, focused examples, and step-by-step instructions round out this hands-on tutorial. Begins with the basics of AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, the leading 2D and 3D drawing software. Progresses to more advanced topics and skill sets and covers grouping, hatches, and text in drawings. Introduces dimensioning, external references, layouts and printing, and using 3D Contains helpful examples and step-by-step instructions so you can get started using AutoCAD immediately. Featuring the most up-to-date techniques, tactics, industry standards, and methods, this tutorial will get you started using AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT right away."--
Rubens, Palazzi di Genova : architectural drawings and engravings
Interior design visual presentation : a guide to graphics, models, and presentation techniques
Hotels, motels and condominiums : design, planning and maintenance
Suomen sairaaloita = Sjukhus i Finland = Hospitals of Finland
Zumthor : Spirit of Nature Wood Architecture Award 2006
3D Sisustaja : furnishing solution prototype
Country Patterns 1841-1883 : A Sampler of American Country Home & Landscape Designs from Original 19th Century Sources
Eco house book
Visual notes for architects and designers
Hotel design : planning and development
Facilities planning
