http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17068 occupational diseases
occupational diseases
Measurement of magnetic lung contamination in vivo : evaluation of the method and its application to arc welders
Multi-site musculoskeletal pain among industrial workers : occurrence, determinants and consequences for work ability and sickness absence
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000
Occupational neurology
Cancer risk by social class and occupation : a survey of 109 000 cancer cases among Finns of working age
Abstract: Nurses's professional skills : what kind of professional skills are required from nurses on children's hematology and cancer ward in Kuopio University hospital?.
Respiratory disease in a farming population : a seroepidemiological survey of farmer's lung and chronic nonspecific lung disease among dairy farmers in Eastern Finland
Medical problems of the instrumentalist musician
The farm environment, allergic diseases and respiratory health
Diagnosis of vibration syndrome in Finnish forest workers
Nasal provocation test in the diagnostics of hairdressers' occupational rhinitis
Occupational diseases in Finland in 2012 : new cases of recognized and suspected occupational diseases
International Symposium on New Epidemics in Occupational Health, 16-19 May, Marina Congress Center, Helsinki, Finland
"Every person on the planet is entangled in a web of ecological relationships that link farms and factories with human consumers. Our lives depend on these relationships - and are imperiled by them as well. Nowhere is this truer than on the Japanese archipelago." "During the nineteenth century, Japan saw the rise of Homo sapiens industrialis, a new breed of human transformed by an engineered, industrialized, and poisonous environment. Toxins moved freely from mines, factory sites, and rice paddies into human bodies." "Toxic Archipelago explores how toxic pollution works its way into porous human bodies and brings unimaginable pain to some of them. Brett Walker examines startling case studies of industrial toxins: deaths from insecticide contaminations; poisonings from copper, zinc, and lead mining; congenital deformities from methylmercury factory effluents; and lung diseases from sulfur dioxide and asbestos." "This powerful, probing book demonstrates how the Japanese archipelago has become industrialized over the last two hundred years - and how people and the environment have suffered as a consequence."--BOOK JACKET.
Repetitive strain injury : a computer user's guide
Occupational rhinitis : diagnosis and health-related quality of life
National occupational safety and health profile of Finland
Occupational Cancer
Occupational diseases in Finland in 1999 : new cases of occupational diseases reported to the Finnish Register of Occupational Diseases
Textbook of occupational medicine practice / edited by David Koh, Ken Takahashi
International course on occupational respiratory diseases, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Espoo, 22-26 September 1980
The musician's survival manual : a guide to preventing and treating injuries in instrumentalists
Performing arts medicine
Occupational diseases in Finland in 1989 : new cases of occupational diseases reported to the Finnish register of occupational diseases
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
Occupational hypersensitivity diseases of the upper respiratory tract
Epidemiology of skin and respiratory diseases among hairdressers
Occupational accidents and diseases : a review of data sources : consolidated report
Occupational exposure to fungi and methods to assess the exposure
Occupational disease : the skeleton in puppeteer's closet
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Occupational asbestos exposure, pulmonary fiber burden and lung cancer in the Finnish population
The effect of violin and viola playing on bony facial structures and on frequency of temporomandibular disorders
Attitudes, innuendo, and regulators : challenges of interpretation
Kanerva's occupational dermatology. Vol. 2
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity : [väitöskirjakatsaus]
Clustering of occupational injuries, diseases, and disability in Finnish farmers : an opportunity for targeted prevention
How occupational accidents and diseases are reported in the European Community
Occupational diseases in Finland in 2002 : new cases of occupational diseases reported to the Finnish Register of Occupational Diseases
Finnish national job-exposure matrix (Finjem) in register-based cancer research
Knee disorders in carpet and floor layers and painters
10th European Congress on Musician's Medicine, The Paulo Foundation XVIII International Symposium, June 11-14, 2003 Turku, Finland [and] Pre-meeting on Dance Medicine, June 10, 2003, Orton Hospital, Helsinki, Finland : programme and abstracts
Work-related shoulder and neck pain with reference to muscle activity, individual factors, and psychosocial exposures
Health of the dentist with reference to work-related and individual factors
Textbook of performing arts medicine
Prevention and management of asbestos-related diseases in Finland
Occupational pulmonology
Work-related respiratory diseases among Finnish farmers
Toxic archipelago : a history of industrial disease in Japan
Abstract.
Dynamic characteristics of the hand, vibrotactile perception, and hand-grip force in the etiology of hand-arm vibration syndrome
Obesity, weight change and work disability a follow-up study among middle-aged employees
Global estimates of occupational accidents and fatal work-related diseases
Prognosis of patients with diagnosed chronic organic solvent intoxication
Indoor air problems in Finnish hospitals : from the occupational health perspective
Oxidant and asbestos fiber induced toxicity in human lung cells
Quality assurance of isomer-specific analysis of PCBs in serum
Occupational voice : care and cure
Occupational health
Summary.
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Abstract and summary.
New epidemics in occupational health : proceedings of the International Symposium on New Epidemics in Occupational Health, 16-19 May 1994, Helsinki, Finland
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
53rd Nordic Work Environment Meeting 2008 : Oslo, Norway; 24-27 August 2008
Metalworking fluids : allergens, exposure, and skin and respiratory effects
The effect of acid fumes and dust on the oral cavity
Women's work and health hazards : a selected bibliography
Musculoskeletal disorders in the workplace : principles and practice
The effectiveness of vocational oriented medical rehabilitation (ASLAK®) amongst public sector employees
Ergonomics : the physiotherapist in the workplace
The early sociology of health and illness. Vol. 6, The hygiene, diseases and mortality of occupations
Epidemiology of skin and respiratory diseases among hardressers
Compensation for industrial disease
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Assessment of voice among emerging high-risk population groups : with special emphasis on kindergarten teachers, children with laryngeal reconstruction, and workers exposed to organic dust
IgG subclass antibodies in flour allergy
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Occupational dermatoses from plastic composites based on polyester resins, epoxy resins and vinyl ester resins
Occupational diseases in Finland in 1996 : new cases of occupational diseases reported to the Finnish Register of Occupational Diseases
Work and health in the EU : a statistical portrait : data 1994-2002
Work-related cancer in the Nordic countries
Asbestos and mineral particle : induced production of reactive oxygen metabolites by human polymorphonuclear leukocytes
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
Music meets medicine : the XXI Signe and Ane Gyllenberg Symposium, Hanasaari Congress Center, September 20-22, 2007
Professionalism: our challenge for 2000 = Professionalidad : nuestro reto para el 2000 : Efsli 1996 conference proceedings, Barcelona, Spain, December 6th - 8th 1996
Occupational skin diseases and dermal exposure in the European Union (EU-25) : policy and practice overview
Finnish national job-exposure matrix (FINJEM) in register-based cancer research
Occupational allergy caused by spathe flower (spathiphyllum wallisii)
Abstract (s. 9-10). Summary and conclusions (s. 58).
Asbestosis, its detection, and predictors of progression and cancer
Kanerva's occupational dermatology. Vol. 1
Proceedings of the symposium on 30 years of epidemiology for the benefit of occupational health : 8 February 2002, Helsinki, Finland
Occupational health and safety profile of Punjab, Pakistan and strategies for its improvement
The musician's body : a maintenance manual for peak perfrormance
Principles of health and safety in agriculture
Introduction to health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH national general certificate
Occupational diseases in Finland in ..
Introduction to international health and safety at work : the handbook for the NEBOSH international general certificate
