http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1703 legal usage
legal usage
On law and reason
Intermediaries are in the middle of every single act of online communication. The term "intermediary" does not refer to homogeneous group of service providers. In fact, it is used to describe entities who provide services necessary for an act of electronic communication to be successful including telecommunication service providers, online connectivity providers and entities providing their services by electronic means. Although, the e-commerce directive refers only to specific categories of intermediaries, such as providers of the following services: mere conduit, caching or hosting, the more our lives depend on technology, the more significant the role of every single intermediary becomes. The seriousness is particularly visible in relation to injunctive orders following a decision on the merits of the case (also referred to as 'permanent injunctions') such as website blocking orders the aim of which is to prevent future online infringements. As protective measures, the injunctions are subject to the proportionality evaluation and cannot lead to the effect that would be contrary to the provisions of the article 15 of the E-commerce Directive. The paper discusses the phenomenon of website blocking orders against intermediaries, including orders against the so-called 'innocent providers', and the boundaries of the orders. This particular type of an injunction serves as a trigger point for the analysis of the injunctions paradigm and engagement in a debate concerning rights of the users. The injunctions are currently holding a prominent position in the EU legal system as a consequence of the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Court of Human Rights in Delfi vs. Estonian case. Thus the author of this paper concentrates on the analysis of the abovementioned decisions and their implications for the sphere of users' rights (such as freedom of expression) and the freedom of business activity.
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 3-A, Contract : legal precedents
Cross and Jones' cases and statutes on criminal law
The margin of appreciation and the European Court of Human Rights : case law relating to the Latvian nationality problem
Politics and the courts : toward a general theory of public law
International human rights and humanitarian law : treaties, cases and analysis
The right not to be discriminated against
Bulletin on constitutional case-law
Economic crimes in Finnish case law
Perspectives on Hittite civilization : selected writings of Hans Gustav Güterbock
Case law of the boards of appeal of the European Patent Office
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1993. Vol. 4, book 1, European Community law
Sources of law, legal change, and ambiguity
Law and social change in Zinacantan
The development of the essential facilities doctrine in Europe
Declaratory judgments
Legal foundations of capitalism
Asian highland societies : an anthropological perspective
Law and action : reflections on collective legal actions
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 1, Introduction and freehold estates
Introduction to law
Cases and materials in company law
Restatement of the law of restitution quasi contracts and constructive trusts
The right to enjoy a distinct culture
Hindu law and legal theory
Studies in law, politics, and society : a research annual. Vol. 10 :1990
Lawyers, litigation and English society since 1450
Anthropological jurisprudence? : Leopold Pospisil and the comparative study of legal cultures
Taxes payable by non-Russian companies in the territory of The Russian Federation
Law, violence, and community in classical Athens
Jurismania : the madness of American law
American legal realism : skepticism, reform, and the judicial process
Medieval legal process : physical, spoken and written performance in the Middle Ages
English legal system
Zuni law : a field of values
Transnational commercial law : text, cases and materials
Judicial policy making and the modern state : how the courts reformed America's prisons
Greek law in its political setting : justifications not justice
Restatement of the law of trusts
Reports of Comission decisions relating to competition 1986-1988 : articles 85, 86 and 90 of the EEC Treaty
Holocaust denial and freedom of expression
E-voting case law : a comparative analysis
Penal practice and penal policy in ancient Rome
The criminalization of abortion in the West : its origins in medieval law
Restatement of the law, second. Contracts
International law in theory and practice
The common law tradition : lawyers, books, and the law
The positive declaratory action in Finnish patent disputes : a detrimental burden on the national patent enforcement regime?
Russian law in brief : digest for foreign investors
The digest of the decisions of the International Court = Précis de la jurisprudence de la Cour Internationale. 1, Permanent Court of International Justice = Cour permanente de justice internationale
A systematic guide to the case law of the European Court of Human Rights 1995-1996. Volume 3
The limits of judicial discretion in the European Court of Justice : security and foreign affairs issues
Law and economics
Report Finland
Comparative law in a changing world
Computer applications in the law
China law : Chinese & English quarterly
The patentability of computer software : an international guide to the protection of computer-related inventions
Patterns of American jurisprudence
Restatement of the law of judgments
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 3-100, Contract : legal precedents
The death row phenomen : comparative analysis
The Brussels jurisdiction and enforcement convention : an EC court casebook
Principles of medical law
A handbook of Tswana law and custom
European tax law
Casebook on insurance law
Legal ethics and legal practice : contemporary issues
Materials on trusts and estates
Criminology for dummies
Restatement of the law of property. Vol. 3, Future interests (continued and concluded)
The development of human rights law by the judges of the International Court of Justice
The function of judicial decision in European economic integration
Children in court : public policymaking and federal court decisions
Die Entscheidungen des deutschen Reichsgerichts in völkerrechtlichen Fragen = Decisions of the German Supreme Court relating to international law = Dècisions de la Cour Suprême d'Allemagne en matière de droit international public. 1879-1929
The ideas in Barotse jurisprudence
Improving the implementation of the European Rules on community sanctions and measures : recommendation rec(2000)22 adopted by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe on 29 November 2000 and report
EU Procedural law
Crime and the courts in England 1660-1800
The Chinese worldview regarding justice and the supernatural : the cultural and historical roots of rule by law
Introduction
Deutsche Rechtsprechung in völkerrechtlichen Fragen 1981-1985 = Decisions of German courts relating to public international law 1981-1985 = Décisions des cours allemandes en matière de droit international public 1981-1985
Legal reform and administrative detention powers in China
The impact of supreme court decisions : empirical studies
Principles of Justice and the European Union : proceedings of the COST A7 seminar Stockholm, February, 17 and 18, 1995 Institute for European Law, Stockholm university
The criminal law of ancient Rome
Peoples and international law : how nationalism and self-determination shape a contemporary law of nations
The European convention on human rights in Scandinavian law : a case law study
Computational intellegence and the paradoxes of legal routine
Evidence, crime, and the legal profession : the emergence of free evaluation of evidence in the Finnish nineteenth-century criminal procedure
Five days in the house of lords : some comparative reflections on White v. Jones
Law stories
The law of antitrust : an integrated handbook
Law and order in the New Guinea highlands : encounters with Enga
Braid of feathers : American Indian law and contemporary tribal life
Social psychology
Principles of French law
Restatement of the law, second. Torts 2d
Russian legal culture before and after communism : criminal justice, politics and the public sphere
Anthropologists in cities
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 2, Future interests: parts 1 and 2 and index to vols 1 and 2
The Italian legal tradition
Free movement of goods : guide to the application of Treaty provisions governing the free movement of goods
Jane Smiley, Jonathan Franzen, Don DeLillo : narratives of everyday justice
Case law concerning article 10 of the European convention on human rights
Restatement of the law of property. Volume 5, Servitudes
The patentability of computer software : protecting computer-related inventions under national laws - recommenndations = De octrooieerbaarheid van computersoftware
Once a jolly hangman : Singapore justice in the dock
Civil procedure in EU competition cases before the English and Dutch courts
Tradition and transition in East Africa : studies of the tribal element in the modern era
The supreme court and the uses of history
European Community Trade Mark : a case of under protection, overprotection or is it just right?
Land and Saami traditional rights
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 3-B, Contract : legal precedents
Philosophy of law : a five-volume anthology of scholary articles. Volume 1, Jurisprudence
Commercial law : text, cases, and materials
Law before Gratian
Intermediaries caught between a rock and a hard place - the case of website blocking and no general obligation to excersise control over the usergenerated content
The preliminary reference procedure according to article 234 of the Treaty of European Communities and the references made by the Finnish national courts
The courts and the development of commercial law
Compensatory fines imposed by the Finnish Labour Court to local trade unions in the case of illegal industrial action
Fundamental rights in the practice of the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland and the provisions of the Finnish Constitution
The right to life / the right to die : the rights, their interrelationship and the jurisprudential problems
Cases and materials on European community law
International law cases and materials : basic documents supplement
Witnessing insanity : madness and  mad-doctors in the English court
The encyclopedia of native American legal tradition
In medieval legal transactions the use of the written word was only one of many ways of conducting business. Important roles were played by the spoken word and by the 'action' of ritual. The relationship between 'rituals' and literacy has been the focus of much recent research. Medieval societies which made extensive use of written instruments in legal transactions have been shown to employ rituals as well. This has ledto investigation of the respective functions of written instruments and legal rituals. What is the nature of legal rituals? If they included oral verbalization, how did the spoken words relate to those of the written instruments that played a role in the same legal transactions? Usually, we only have the written documents to answer these questions, and they are often silent about the rituals and oral elements of the transactions they document.
The case law system in America
Introduction to legal practice. Vol. 2
The application and the interpretation of the CISG in the Finnish case law 1997-2005
Freedom, state security and the rule of law
Thomas More's trial by jury : a procedural and legal review with a collection of documents
How judges think
The Elgar companion to law and economics
The Japanese legal system : cases, codes, and commentary
Concise international and European IP law : TRIPS, Paris Convention, European enforcement and transfer of technology
A systematic guide to the case law of the European Court of Human Rights 1997-1998. Volume 4
Restatement of the law of property.. Vol. 4
On the origins of the European legal order
The doctrine of precedent in English and Norwegian law : some common and specific features
The evolution of law in the barrios of Caracas
The Hungarian situation and the rule of law : report of the International Commission of Jurists. 3, Justice in Hungary today
Competition cases from the European Union : the ultimate guide to leading cases from the EU, member states and EFTA
Legal theory meets legal practice
Law and popular culture : a course book
Islamic law : theory and practice
The length of civil and criminal proceedings in the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights
Sentencing theory in practice : implementing the notion of normal punishments in Finland
Law and justice in Tokugawa Japan : materials for the history of Japanese law and justice under the Tokugawa shogunate 1603-1867. 9, Procedure = legal precedents
Evidence, crime and the legal profession : the emergence of free evaluation of evidence in the Finnish nineteenth-century criminal procedure
Power and property in Inca Peru
