http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17090 epic poems
epic poems
The road is wider than long : an image diary from the Balkans July - August  1938
Beowulf : a new translation for oral delivery
The Kalevala : an epic poem after oral tradition by Elias Lönnrot
Gorski viǰenac = The mountain Wreath
Waltharius and Ruodlieb
The poetry of the Aeneid
Writing Homer : a study based on results from modern fieldwork
Published for the first time in its entirety, this major epic poem assures Anne Waldmans place in the pantheon of contemporary poetry. The Iovis Trilogy, Waldmans monumental feminist epic, traverses epochs, cultures, and genres to create a visionary call to poetic arms. Iovis details the misdeeds of the Patriarch, and with a fierce imagination queries and subverts his warmongering. All of Waldmans themes come into focus : friendship, motherhood, politics, and Buddhist wisdom. This is epic poetry that goes beyond the old injunction to include history, its effort is to change history. Publisher's note.
Jarigan : Muslim epic songs of Bangladesh
African folklore
The Romance of the Rose or of Guillaume de Dole : Roman de la Rose ou de Guillaume de Dole
Sir Gawain and the Green knight
In his final book, the late A. T. Hatto analyses the Khanty epic tradition in Siberia on the basis of eighteen texts of Khanty oral heroic epic poems recorded and edited by a succession of Hungarian and Russian scholars in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The book examines the world view of an indigenous culture as reconstructed from its own words, demonstrates a flexible outline for organising an analytical dossier of the genre of oral heroic epic poetry in a specific culture, and presents an abundance of new information to compare with better-known heroic epics. Consisting of main sections on The Cosmos, Time, The Seasons, Geography, Spirits, Personae, Warfare, Armour and Weapons, and Men's Handiwork, the book also includes a section of background information on the Khanty people. Marianne Bakro-Nagy contributes specialist knowledge of the Khanty language to the linguistic interpretation of the texts, and there is an afterword by Daniel Prior.
Inside the drama-house : Rāma stories and shadow puppets in South India
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 2, Version of Alexandre de Paris : text
The kaking of the Iliad is intended for readers who have some knowledge of Greek and of Homer. After introductory chapters on the poet of the Iliad's date and homeland, the poetic traditions known to him, the way in which his work developed, and its early reception, Martin West provides a running commentary on the epic, distinguishing the different stages of the poet's workings, illuminating his aims and methods, and identifying techniques and motifs derived from ancestral Indo-European tradition or imported from the Near East.
Movement, manner and plainness : An analytical approach to Arnold's epic style in Balder Dead
Beowulf repunctuated
Narrative singing in Ireland : lays, ballads, come-all-yes and other songs
Homer's traditional art : John Miles Foley
Homage to Georges Dumézil
Ambition and anxiety : Ezra Pound's Cantos and Derek Walcott's Omeros as twentieth-century epics
This book examines violence in its social setting, and especially as an essential element in the heroic system of exchange (sometimes called the Economy of Honour). It situates Beowulf in a northern European culture where violence was not stigmatized as evidence of a breakdown in social order but rather was seen as a reasonable way to get things done; where kings and their retainers saw themselves above all as warriors whose chief occupation was the pursuit of honour; and where most successful kings were those perceived as most predatory"--P. [4] of cover.
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 3, Version of Alexandre de Paris : variants and notes to branch 1
Roman epic : an interpretive introduction
The making of Homeric verse : the collected papers of Milman Parry
The maiden of the Buhong sky : a complete song from the Bagobo folk epic Tuwaang
Stability in musical improvisation : a repertoire of Icelandic epic songs (rímur)
The Iovis trilogy : colors in the mechanism of concealment
Homeric contexts : neoanalysis and the interpretation of oral poetry
Beowulf and its analogues
The Ramayana and the Mahabharata
Caesar and the storm : a commentary on Lucan, De bello civili, Book 5, lines 476-721
The English epic and its background
The Lusíads
Songs of Gods, songs of humans : the epic tradition of the Ainu
The thirsty sword : Sīrat 'Antar and the Arabic popular epic
John Page's The Siege of Rouen is an eyewitness narrative account of Henry V's siege of Normandy's capital in 1418-19. The text is unique in English verse of the fifteenth century in providing a first-hand narrative of a significant event in contemporary warfare. The poet was (if we take him at his word) present at the siege, and his narration of the event is a complex mixture of patriotism and compassion, verse chronicle and historical romance. Page's poem is a rich and sophisticated piece of work, which until recently has received little critical interest....This volume constitutes the first critical edition since Herbert Huscher's 'John Page's Siege of Rouen' published in 1927. It contains an introduction with descriptions of the fourteen manuscripts in which the text is known to survive complete or in fragments, discussions of historical context, authorship, language, metre and verse form, genre, literary background, and reception. The edition includes a full collation of the extant manuscripts in the textual notes and variants, a commentary, glossary, and index of personal and place names (back cover).
Songs of the dragons flying to heaven : A Korean epic
Berryman's Henry : living at the intersection of need and art
The Korean singer of tales
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
A commentary on Book 4 of Valerius Flaccus' Argonautica
"Ancient Epic" offers a comprehensive and accessible introduction to six of the greatest ancient epics - Homer's Iliad and Odyssey, Vergil's Aeneid, Ovid's Metamorphoses, and Apollonius of Rhodes' Agonautica. It provides an accessible introduction to the ancient epic. It offers interpretive analyses of poems within a comprehensive historical context. It includes a detailed timeline, suggestions for further readings, and an appendix of the Olympian gods and their Akkadian counterparts.
An Lorg nam Bàrd = In the footsteps of the bards
Atra-Ḫasīs : the Babylonian story of the flood
The world of the Khanty epic hero-princes : an exploration of a Siberian oral tradition : based on eighteen Khanty heroic epic poems
Honour, exchange and violence in beowulf
Of Arthour and Merlin. Vol. 1, Text
Beginning well : framing fictions in late middle English poetry
Sung tales from the Papua New Guinea highlands : studies in form, meaning, and sociocultural context
Sijobang : sung narrative poetry of West Sumatra
The origins of Beowulf : from Vergil to Wiglaf
Heroes and housewives : women's epic poetry and domestic ideology in the romantic age (1770-1835)
The Odyssey : structure, narration, and meaning
The heroic ballads of Russia
The metrical life of St. Robert Knaresborough : together with the other Middle English pieces in British Museum ms. Egerton 3143
Comic epic and parodies of epic : literature for youth and children in ancient Greece
Epic poetry in Swahili and other African languages
Athelston, a Middle English romance
Alexander Pope : the poetry of allusion
Serbian folk poetry : ancient legends, romantic songs
Of Arthour and of Merlin. 2, Introduction, notes & glossary
Hellenica : selected papers on Greek literature and thought. Vol. 1, Epic
The songs of Homer
Songs of memory in islands of Southeast Asia
Princess Kadámbari
The memorial feast for Kökötöy-Khan (Kökötöydün Aši) : a Kirghiz epic poem
The Canterbury tales
Serbo-Croatian heroic songs. 14, Bihaćka Krajina: epics from Bihać, Cazin, and Kulen Vakuf
Ovid before exile : art and punishment in the Metamorphoses
The Odyssey : a modern sequel
The concept of the world creation in Karelian epic songs
The poetics of consent : collective decision making and the Iliad
The Columbia anthology of Chinese folk and popular literature
This commentary on the 6th book of the Iliad concentrates on the interpretation of two episodes which have received a great deal of scholarly attention: the encounter between Diomedes and Glaukos, which surprisingly ends with an exchange of weapons and not a duel, and the series of scenes 'Hector in Troy', which reveal the hero's conflicting roles as defender of the city and father of his family.
Statius and Virgil : the Thebaid and the reinterpretation of the Aeneid
John Page's The Siege of Rouen : edited from London, British Library MS Egerton 1995
The Bruce or The book of the most excellent and noble prince Robert de Broyss, King of Scots. Vol. 1-2
The Oxford book of narrative verse
Arjunawiwāha : the marriage of Arjuna of Mpu Kaņwa
Beowulf : reproduced in facsimile from the unique manuscript British museum Ms. Cotton Vitellius A. XV
Homer the preclassic
Studies in East European folk narrative
Novel practices : classic modern fiction
The Slavic epic : Gundulić's Osman
The oral epic : performance and music
Avragdsan tuulʹs = Rescued epics : three heroic epics from the repertoire of the Bayit bard, Uwxīn Bat
Epic and epoch : essays on the interpretation and history of a genre
Allusion, authority, and truth : critical perspectives on Greek poetic and rhetorical praxis
"Satan still in gaze" : Satan's point of view in Eve's representation in Milton's Paradise lost
Image and imagination
Editing skaldic verse and the problem of prosimetra
Flavian epic interactions
Sir Eglamour of Artois
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 5, Version of Alexandre de Paris: variants and notes to branch 2
The temple & A priest to the temple
The Greek Epic Cycle and its ancient reception : a companion
Old English heroic poems and the social life of texts
Boundaries of the text : epic performances in South and Southeast Asia
The Mahabharata
The role of shamanism in Korean society in its inter- and intra-cultural contacts
Dried millet breaking : time, words, and song in the Wo̧i epic of the Kpelle
In search of Sunjata : the Mande oral epic as history, literature, and performance
The Mahabharata : [the text has been adapted from the original]
Summary: The genre and structure of Setu lyro-epic Kalevala-metric songs from the late 19th century.
The complete Kobzar : the poetry of Taras Shevchenko
Homeric epic and its reception : interpretive essays
Goethe's Faust and European epic : forgetting the future
From Byzantium to modern Greece : medieval texts and their modern reception
Akundar žana manasčylar - kyrgyz èlinin ruhanij madanijatyn tüzüüčülör žana saktoočular = Akyns and Manaschis - creators and keepers of the Kyrgyz people spiritual culture = Akyny i manasči - sozdateli i hranteli duhovnoj kul'tkry kyrgyzskogo naroda
The Kingis Quair and other prison poems
The Serbian epic ballads : an introduction
Soviet heroic poetry in context : folklore or fakelore
Kleos in a minor key : the Homeric education of a little prince
This interdisciplinary study of word and image in the Old French chanson de geste examines the relationship between illumination and epic narrative constructed by the medieval understanding of the imagination. The study focuses on the epic cycle the geste of Saint Gille, including Aiol and Elie de Saint Gille.
Understanding Russianness
Epic traditions in the contemporary world : the poetics of community
The singer resumes the tale
The making of the Iliad : disquisition and analytical commentary
The Walther Heissig collection of Mongolian oral literature
Ywain and Gawain
Arab folk epic and identity
The first volume in West's Hellenica trilogy is devoted to Homeric epic, its historical and mythological background, the transition from oral to written poetry, and other hexameter poems produced at the same period as the Iliad and Odyssey.
The Iliad of Homer
Critical essays on Spencer from EHL
From topic to tale : logic and narrativity in the Middle Ages
The poems of the Epic Cycle are assumed to be the reworking of myths and narratives which had their roots in an oral tradition predating that of many of the myths and narratives which took their present form in the Iliad and the Odyssey. The remains of these texts allow us to investigate diachronic aspects of epic diction as well as the extent of variation within it on the part of individual authors - two of the most important questions in modern research on archaic epic. They also help to illuminate the early history of Greek mythology. Access to the poems, however, has been thwarted by their current fragmentary state. This volume provides the scholarly community and graduate students with a thorough critical foundation for reading and interpreting them.
Among the great works of world literature, perhaps one of the least familiar to English readers is the Shahnameh, the national epic of Persia. This prodigious narrative, composed by the poet Ferdowsi between the years 980 and 1010, tells the story of pre-Islamic Iran, beginning in the mythic time of Creation and continuing forward to the Arab invasion in the seventh century. As a window on the world, Shahnameh belongs in the company of such literary masterpieces as Dante's Divine Comedy, the plays of Shakespeare, the epics of Homer--classics whose reach and range bring whole cultures into view. In its pages are unforgettable moments of national triumph and failure, human courage and cruelty, blissful love and bitter grief. Now Dick Davis, the greatest modern translator of Persian poetry, has revisited that poem, turning the finest stories of Ferdowsi's original into an elegant combination of prose and verse.--From publisher description.
National epics
The narrative pulse of Beowulf : arrivals and departures
The lyfe of Ipomydon
Parallelism and the composition of oral narratives in Banda Eli
Sugata saurabha : an epic poem from Nepal on the life of the Buddha
Shahnameh : the Persian book of kings
The fall of Arthur
Viking attacks on Paris : the Bella parisiacae urbis of Abbo of Saint-Germain-des-Prés
A choice of Keats' verse
Gemstone of paradise : the Holy Grail in Wolfram's Parzival
African oral epic poetry : praising the deeds of a mythic hero
Athelston, a Middle English romance : edited by A. Mc I. Trounce
The medieval French Roman d'Alexandre. volume 1, Text of the Arsenal and Venice versions
Homer's Iliad : the Basel commentary : Book VI
