http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17089 open source code
open source code
Open source network management
Intellectual property : the many faces of the public domain
The usage of open source content management system Drupal in small and medium scale web applications
Ubuntu server cookbook : arm yourself to make the most of the versatile, powerful Ubuntu Server with over 100 hands-on recipes
Succeeding with open source
Risk and prospects in open source : final report
Product development : user-centred product development and design in an industrial company
Open source approaches in spatial data handling
Open source web applications for libraries
Investigation, Installation and Implementation of an Open Source Content Management System : Joomla as a case study
Streamlining workflow in architectural  visualization with Blender and SketchUp
Investigation,Implementation and Installation of a Content  Management System : Focus on Drupal
Free and open source software licensing : and the mystery of licensor's patents
Methods for developing suppliers extranet
Building a server with FreeBSD 7 : a modular approach
Deploying an open source router : Quagga
Large-scale migration to an open source office suite : an innovation adoption study in Finland
Open source integration to mobile network
Google app inventor for Android
Internet success : a study of open-source software commons
Developing, managing and maintaining web applications with content management systems : Drupal and Joomla as case study
LLVM toolchain support as a plug-in for Eclipse CDT
Open Source Automation for Hydroponics : Design, Construction, Programming and Testing
The definitive guide to MongoDB : the noSQL database for cloud and desktop computing
E-commerce solution : creating a shopping cart using open sources (APACHE/MYSQL/PHP)
The Go programming language phrasebook
Moving to Ubuntu Linux
Promoting scalability and sustainability of ICT4D projects using open source software
Integrating open source distributed rendering solutions in public and closed networking environments
2008 Open source penetration testing and security professional CD
Knowledge management in Open Source
This book will serve as a reference guide for anyone that is responsible for the collection of online content. It is written in a hands-on style that encourages the reader to execute the tutorials as they go. The search techniques offered will inspire analysts to "think outside the box" when scouring the internet for personal information.   Much of the content of this book has never been discussed in any publication. Always thinking like a hacker, the author has identified new ways to use various technologies for an unintended purpose. This book will improve anyone's online investigative skills. Among other techniques, you will learn how to locate:  Hidden Social Network Content, Cell Phone Owner Information, Twitter GPS & Account Data, Hidden Photo GPS & Metadata, Deleted Websites & Posts, Website Owner Information, Alias Social Network Profiles, Additional User Accounts, Sensitive Documents & Photos, Live Streaming Social Content, IP Addresses of Users, Newspaper Archives & Scans, Social Content by Location, Private Email Addresses, Historical Satellite Imagery, Duplicate Copies of Photos, Local Personal Radio Frequencies, Compromised Email Information, Wireless Routers by Location, Hidden Mapping Applications, Complete Facebook Data, Free Investigative Software, Alternative Search Engines, Stolen Items for Sale, Unlisted Addresses, Unlisted Phone Numbers.
Beginning Ubuntu Server administration : from novice to professional
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Network monitoring : using Nagios as an example tool
The design and implementation of a hydroponics control system
The advent of open source democracy and wikipolitics : challenges, threats and opportunities for democratic discourse
Open source intelligence techniques : resources for searching and analyzing online information
Implementing an open source web content management system
OSS firms in international business context : opportunities and challenges from culture and piracy
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
The Design and Implementation of a Hydroponics Control System
Ubuntu Kung Fu : tips, tricks, hints and hacks
Open source and new media artists
Fedora 11 and Red Hat Enterprise Linux bible
Understanding consumer brand knowledge in developing strong brands : case of Quosis Oy
Version control with subversion
Beginning PHP and MySQL : from novice to professional
Cross-platform GUI programming with wxWidgets
The aim of this thesis work was to collect information about various version control systems and choose the best alternative to take in use for the commissioner. There was an urgent need for a version control system to be taken in use within the web development team, because of the growth in the number of web sites and the expansion of the web development team to another office in another country. This study was carried out as research from different sources and development teams on how other web development teams and projects have implemented version control systems in their workflow. The data was gathered by observing how some of the open source applications in the use of the web development team in question and other web development teams are using version control systems as managing source code and development. The results suggest that there is no standardized manner of using version control systems or source code management within web development projects and teams, and that there are several obstacles because most web applications are database driven and not standalone applications, where version control systems are more commonly used and developed for. As a result, Subversion was chosen to be the version control system for the web development team, because of the ease of use and some earlier experience by some members of the web development team. However, this choice was not an easy one to make and there are still many issues that need to be addressed with care. These will be complicated, as most applications are database driven, which results in having to do plenty of manual work in addition to using version control system for source code management.
Open source and disruptive factors in the IT service business
Creating an online forum using opensource components
Abstract: Deploying an open source router. At the center of every network there is a router and a router is used to connect one network to another network. So a router has the responsibility of routing packets across different networks. The networks where this traffic is routed can either be located within the same proximity as that of the router or it can be miles away, for instance in another country. The aim of this project was to deploy an open source router and then customize it to carry out the exact role of commercial routers, which is to route traffic between networks. Various IP routing protocols such as RIP and OSPF were tested and in order to carry out this, a small local area network comprising of two routers and two PCs were designed. In order to experiment with this project various software and devices were needed. Some of the software needed to be downloaded and installed onto four PCs, two PCs of which were installed with an open source routing router (Quagga) and the operating system running on the PCs was the  Ubuntu Server 11.10 Server edition. The issue of compatibility between the operating system and  open-source routing router was the key point as to why Quagga and Ubuntu 11.10 server edition were chosen. The same deployment can be fully implemented by small startup companies when designing their networks. The outcome of the project showed that an open-source routing routers can be installed, configured and customized to carry out the intended purpose in a network, that is to route traffic between networks. In addition to that IP routing protocols (OSPF, RIP) worked well as expected though few problems for instance, RIPv1 worked well as compared to RIPv2 which had some shortcoming in terms of security. However the general goal of routing packets via open-source routing router (Quagga) was achieved and such project can be implemented in small companies.
Open Source Mazeball Game for Windows Phone
Database programming with OpenOffice.org base & basic
Open source mazeball game for Windows Phone
Kinect open source programming secrets : hacking the Kinect with OpenNI, NITE, and Java
A firm's choice from different content management systems (CMS) : case: Joomla and CMSmadeSimple
Open source as a pedagogical tool in higher education
Exploring open source software localization methods : assessing business value for localizing software into minor languages : a case for Kashubian Linux
Joomla! for dummies
Intents Registry Eclipse Plugin
Sams teach yourself jquery mobile in 24 hours
Stimulus-response (S-R) tests provide a unique way to acquire information about human perception by capturing automatic responses to stimuli and attentional processes. This paper presents OpenSR, a user-centered S-R testing framework providing a graphical user interface that can be used by researchers to customize, administer, and manage one type of S-R test, the implicit association test. OpenSR provides an extensible open-source Web-based framework that is platform independent and can be implemented on most computers using any operating system. In addition, it provides capabilities for automatically generating and assigning participant identifications, assigning participants to different condition groups, tracking responses, and facilitating collecting and exporting of data. The Web technologies and languages used in creating the OpenSR framework are discussed, namely, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Twitter Bootstrap, Python, and Django. OpenSR is available for free download..
Developing M2M applications with Mango
Methodologies used in open source approach to developing software in companies in Finland
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS Desktop edition
Version control in web development : case: FutuVision Media Ltd
Can open sourcing lead to inferior standards?
OpenOffice.Org Macros Explained
Qt quality visualization
Deploying an Open Source Router   :  Quagga
Qt Quality Visualization
Proceedings of the First International Workshop on Building Sustainable Open Source Communities (June 6, 2009, Skövde, Sweden)
Individuals' use of e-mail communication genres in open source software community building
Business and E-commerce in Drupal
Implementing an open-source processor for a biomedical system-on-chip
Broker adaptor development for an open source automated trading platform
Python data analysis : learn how to apply powerful data analysis techniques with popular open source Python modules
Success factors of commercial open source software projects
Online value proposition of tourist information center : case Kemi
Drupal for dummies
Web application development using open source and Ruby on Rails Framework
Competitive advantage from leveraging external resources : reuse of open source software components
Ubuntu. 10.10 Desktop edition
On the socio-technical dependencies in free/libre/open source software projects
Reference of the service level agreement for freenest service
Open source data warehousing and business intelligence
A competitive solution to paid search services with fair, free and open source technologies
Reciprocity under the GNU General Public licenses
Compliance in permissive and reciprocal open source licenses
Linux bible 2010 edition : boot up to Ubuntu®, Fedora®, KNOPPIX, Debian®, openSUSE®, and 13 other distributions
Abstract: Developing M2M applications with Mango.
Motion recognition using OpenCV
Content Management System Implementation Efficiency and Value
Smoke testing bench for freenest service
Flexible operating system internals :the design and implementation of the anykernel and rump kernels
Enterprise portals in e-learning : [welcome to e-learning]
Semantic interoperability for IoT health systems using HL7 standard
The Firebird book : a reference for database developers
Study of Visual SCADA
Open source software law
Mathematical tools in a digital world
Realtime Web Analytics
Open Source Pro : Joomla
Tiivistelmä: Smoke testing bench for freenest service.
Red Hat : Fedora 4 Linux all in one
Ubuntu. 8.04 LTS Desktop edition (64-bit)
A case study of agile software engineering methods and practices in the MeeGo Harmattan open source and product context
OpenSR: an open-source stimulus-response testing framework
Linking copyleft open source software
Open source security tools : practical applications for security
Web content management system implementation using open source software
Utilizing Linux in multicore telecommunication hardware
Ubuntu kung fu : tips, tricks, hints, and hacks
This thesis was born out of the idea to make hydroponic food growing easier and cheaper, hydroponics is essentially the growing of plants without the use of soil. The idea of it being open source is also in keeping with the general community feeling surrounded by the hydroponic movement. The objective of the thesis was to create a working hydroponic controller, which is cheap and simple enough to build. It will monitor and control the key environmental ingredients needed for successful hydroponic growing, chiefly the pH, EC, air and water levels. Visual alarms will be raised if these go outside of predefined ranges. The controller will also be able to control external HW, such as lights, water heater and a water pump. A circuit board was developed, which will act as a shield for an Arduino 2560 board. The circuit board will help in the ease of building the system. It acts too, as a way of keeping the HW more stable, as wires will not come loose and interference will be minimised. The SW and HW design will be available for everyone to download. Knowledge of what is important in hydroponic growing was considered and these factors were used as inputs into driving the SW and HW requirements. UI usability studies were carried out to ensure that the controller would be enjoyable to use. Software design and software patterns were taken into use to make the SW more module and expandable. Investigation into any third party SW libraries was done and consideration into licensing was carried out. This thesis details the HW and SW and why certain design decisions were made. The design of the SW classes are also described as well as the overall functioning of the SW. An explanation of how to build the system is also given.
Open source software as a service : provision of open sourcesoftware components to web application developers
Mining creativity research to inform design rationale in open source communities
The use of Content management systems by businesses, individuals, corporate and non-governmental organisations are recognized in the business and technology industries. Developers and companies are realising the advantages in the concept of free development environment for Web contents.     Content Management systems have made content publishing on the internet fast and easy. Companies want to reach out to their customers, sell their products and expertise, maximize profits and increase efficiency. All these are great advantages provided by content management systems applications.     Open source content management gives opportunities for develpoers to utilize and practise their knowledge. It also allow developers to contribute to the contribute to growing applications on the internet.     This thesis focuses on researching and examining how to build different web applica-tions with desired functionalities using both Drupal and Joomla. It contains Web ap-plications introduction, interviews and questionnaires from Drupal and Joomla experts, Definitions and argument about content management systems and Open source con-tent management systems, Drupal and Joomla analysis and guides, Sample applications to support the research, and application testing which confirm that content manage-ment applications provides functionalities that are seen in applications developed with HTML editors.     In conclusion, it can be inferred from the research and analysis of the result that Drupal and Joomla Web applications which are content management systems are secure, reliable, flexible and cost effective.
Python framework for Symbian Series 60 Phones
Open Source Database Driven Web Development : a guide for information professionals
Demography of Linux Kernel developers
Applying usability cost-benefit analysis : explorations in commercial and open source software development contexts
