http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17062 world champions
world champions
Petäjäveden vanhan kirkon tarina = The story of Petäjävesi old church
On my great predecessors. Part 3, Petrossian, Spassky
Maailmanmestarit = The world champions : Gia Abramishvili, Andrei Jahnin, Konstantin Latyshev, Boris Matrosov : Porin taidemuseo = Pori Art Museum, Finland 3.1.-3.2.1991
Pelé : birth of a legend
Faster than lightning : my autobiography
BBC Sport world Formula 1 records
Garry Kasparov on Garry Kasparov. Part I : 1973-1985
This is me
Cheese and culture : a history of cheese and its place in western civilization
Formula 1 : all the races : the World Championship story race-by-race : 1950-2012
A man's world : the double life of Emile Griffith
On my great predecessors. Part 4, [Fischer]
Garry Kasparov On Garry Kasparov. Part III, 1993-2005
Endgame : Bobby Fischer's remarkable rise and fall - from America's brightest prodigy to the edge of madness
Black butler. I
A cultural history of food. Vol. 6, In the modern age
Swim, bike, run : our triathlon story
The inside man
Pushing the limits
Lewis Hamilton : formula one world champion
A life without limits
Facing Ali
Back of the house : the secret life of a restaurant
Memory of water
Blood brothers : the fatal friendship between Muhammad Ali and Malcolm X
On my great predecessors. Part 5, Korchnoi, Karpov
Attrazione d'amore ; Voyage to Cythera
Usain Bolt : the story of the world's fastest man
Chess duels : my games with the world champions
On my great predecessors. Part 1, Steinitz Lasker Capablanca Alekhine / A modern history of the early development of chess ; translation by Ken Neat
A king in hiding : how a child refugee became a world chess champion
The conductor
Opera on the move in the Nordic countries during the long 19th century
Paula : my story so far
Garry Kasparov On Garry Kasparov. Part II : 1985-1993
The ultimate encyclopedia of boxing
9.58 : my story being the world's fastest man
Running : the autobiography
Kitchen on light : new Scandinavian cooking with Andreas Viestad
Noma : time and place in Nordic cuisine / René Redzepi
From Morphy to Fischer : a history of the world chess championship
Jarno Saarinen : the flying Finn = der fliegende Finne
On my great predecessors. Part 2, Euwe Botvinnik Smyslov Tal
Haas wanted to know what went on inside the mind of a top chef, and what kind of emotional dynamics drove the intense interactions inside a great restaurant. He spent eighteen months immersed in the kitchen at Craigie on Main, in Boston, and his story will change the way you think about food-- and about the complicated people who cook it and serve it.
