http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17028 ethnicity
ethnicity
The religio-magical domain as a bilingual mechanism of culture : Ingrian Lutheranism in the (post) Soviet cultural space
Writing diaspora : South Asian women, culture and ethnicity
United fashions - making a muslim appearance in Finland
Balayi : culture, law and colonialism. Vol. 6.
American secularism : cultural contours of nonreligious belief systems
The Bolsheviks and the Russian Empire
Folklore and ethnicity : expanding boundaries
Reflections on the revolution in Europe : immigration, Islam and the West
Leadership, discourse, and ethnicity
Second-generation transnationalism and roots migration : cross-border lives
Fredrik Barth : an intellectual biography
Ethnicity, Religion and Politics in Tanzania : The 2010 General Elections and Mwanza Region
Becoming West Indian : culture, self, and nation in St. Vincent
Hair relaxers : science, design, and application
Social and biological aspects of ethnicity
Leadership, discourse and ethnicity
The first book to address the Deaf ethnicity debate by tracing the Deaf culture in American back over 300 years * Provides exhaustive pedigrees and lineages of Deaf American families What are ethnic groups? Are Deaf people who sign American Sign Language (ASL) an ethnic group? In The People of the Eye, Deaf studies, history, cultural anthropology, genetics, sociology, and disability studies are brought to bear as the authors compare the vales, customs and social organization of the Deaf World to those in ethnic groups. Arguing against the common representation of ASL signers as a disability group, the authors discuss the many challenges to Deaf ethnicity, in this first book-length examination of these issues. Stepping deeper into the debate around ethnicity status, The People of the Eye also describes in a compelling narrative the story of the founding families of the Deaf World in the US. Tracing ancestry back hundreds of years, the authors reveal that Deaf people's preference to marry other Deaf people led to the creation of Deaf clans, and thus to shared ancestry and the discovery that most ASL signers are born into the Deaf World, and many are kin. In a major contribution to the historical record of Deaf people in the US, The People of the Eye portrays how Deaf people-and hearing people, too-lived in early America. For those curious about their own ancestry in relation to the Deaf World, the figures and an associated website present pedigrees for over two hundred lineages that extend as many as three hundred years and are unique in genealogy research. The book contains an every-name index to the pedigrees, providing a rich resource for anyone who is interested in Deaf culture.
Reconsidering ethnicity : material culture and identity in the past
Abstract.
Leisure studies : Volume III, key concepts
Constructing Ainu identity within law : negotiations between the collective, the state, and external bodies
Cultural studies of transnationalism
Constructing Lithuania : ethnic mapping in tsarist Russia, ca. 1800-1914
Russian middle class families on school market in Helsinki metropolitan region : ethnicity versus social class
Studies in ethnicity and nationalism
Economic sociology : a systematic inquiry
Identity transformation and identity politics under structural adjustment in Nigeria
The shaping of the Arabs : a study in ethnic identity
"Mouths on fire with songs" : negotiating multi-ethnic identities on the contemporary North American stage
Black Africans and native Americans : color, race and caste in the evolution of red-black peoples
Molded identity : Manchu sinicization and self-perception of the bannermen's descendants
This article looks at the ways Lithuanian emigrants in the U.S. experience attachment to their homeland. The text intends to conceptualize the importance of ethnicity, creation of emotional bond with the home country, fellow citizens, and the government. Empirical data were collected by the author of the article during the ethnographic fieldtrip in the USA. A pilot fieldwork was conducted in March, 2007, on the West Coast, California: San Diego, Santa Monica, Los Angeles, Mission Viejo, and Orange County. The main field study was done in April-June, 2008, on the East Coast: New York (NY), Pittsfield (MA), Jersey City (NJ), Philadelphia (PA), Brattleboro (VT); and in the Central part: Chicago (IL). The last stage of the fieldwork was completed in October-November, 2013, again, on the East Coast - in New York (NY). During the fieldwork, “emic” data and visual recordings were collected through participant observation and qualitative semi-structured interviews. As the article points out, while living in the U.S., “Lithuanian” symbols help emigrants to maintain the transnational link with their country of origin allowing to create their private spaces of “home” where they feel safe and, sometimes, as if they have never left Lithuania. Despite the fact that Lithuanian Americans express predominantly negative attitudes toward their home country and people who remained there, it could not be argued that they have emotionally distanced themselves from their motherland in order to re-create their own identity by denying ethnic roots. Even negative narratives about Lithuania reveal the presence of nostalgia, the immigrants' need to talk about Lithuania and the mass of questions that remain unanswered or unresolved..
Whose place? : a study of Sally Morgan's My place
Theory of ethnicity : an anthropologist's perspective
The people of the eye : deaf ethnicity and ancestry
War & the politics of identity in Ethiopia : the making of enemies & allies in the Horn of Africa
Identity transformations in Sweden
Xenophobe's guide to the Swedes
Dimensions of ethnicity in the African context : some reflections on research approaches
Known for their violence and prolific profanity, including free use of the n-word, the films of Quentin Tarantino, like the director himself, chronically blurt out in polite company what is extremely problematic even when deliberated in private. Consequently, there is an uncomfortable and often awkward frankness associated with virtually all of Tarantino's films, particularly when it comes to race and blackness. Yet beyond the debate over whether Tarantino is or is not racist is the fact that his films effectively articulate racial anxieties circulating in American society as they engage longstanding racial discourses and hint at emerging trends. This radical racial politics--always present in Tarantino's films but kept very much on the quiet--is the subject of "Race on the QT." Adilifu Nama concisely deconstructs and reassembles the racial dynamics woven into "Reservoir Dogs," "True Romance," "Pulp Fiction," "Jackie Brown," "Kill Bill: Vol. 1," "Kill Bill: Vol. 2," "Death Proof," "Inglourious Basterds," and "Django Unchained," as they relate to historical and current racial issues in America. Nama's eclectic fusion of cultural criticism and film analysis looks beyond the director's personal racial attitudes and focuses on what Tarantino's filmic body of work has said and is saying about race in America symbolically, metaphorically, literally, impolitely, cynically, sarcastically, crudely, controversially, and brilliantly.
This Discussion Paper draws attention to the often overlooked aspects of the limits, poverty and contradictions embedded in the "unfinished business" of the Zimbabwe nation state project. It is located within the broader context of the crisis of the nation-state in an African continent increasingly buffeted by waves of globalisation. It also revisits the debate on whether postcolonial nationalism can completely avoid reproducing the racial and ethnic discrimination that characterised its colonial past. Zeroing in on Zimbabwe, the paper argues that the nation-state crisis has roots in the legacy of settler colonialism, the ethnic fragmentation that marked the history of the liberation movement and the character of the nationalist elite. Its critique of the politics of the nationalist and political elite, the Lancaster House Agreement, the National Democratic Revolution and the Global Political Agreement makes this paper an important contribution to the debates on the real legacy of the liberation struggle in Zimbabwe and the prospects for a common national identity based on nationalism, social justice, inclusive democracy and development in the country.
DESIGNING TIMELESS PATTERNS FOR INTERIOR TEXTILE INDUSTRIES
Race and ethnicity
Modernity at large : cultural dimensions of globalization
How to support the teaching of multicultural groups in Finland
Sites of ethnicity : Europe and the Americas
Ethnic identities in a transnational world
Ethnicity and indigenous conflict resolution methods in Africa : case study: genocide and Gacaca in Rwanda
Burek : a culinary metaphor
Encountering ethnicities in a Finnish town of Turku
Street food : exploring the world's most authentic tastes
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Ethnic autonomy : comparative dynamics : the Americas, Europe and the developing world
Ethnic groups and boundaries : the social organization of culture difference
Studies in Israeli ethnicity : after the ingathering
Perspectives on international relations : power, institutions, and ideas
Ethnicity and democratization in the New Europe
Laws, attitudes and public policy
Changes in colour symbolism? : ethnic identity and worldview of the pastoral Maasai : expressions in the outfits of Simanjiro area
Ethnicity and housing : accommodating differences
Ethnic structure, inequality and governance of the public sector in Nigeria
Tracing the evolution of ethnicity in an African context
Sinophobia : anxiety, violence, and the making of Mongolian identity
Ethnic symbols and religious practice
Black knowledges/black struggles : essays in critical epistemology
Leisure studies : Volume IV, research issues and agenda
Expanding latinidad : an inter-American perspective
Contested ethnicities and images : studies in acts and art
African literatures and beyond : a florilegium
Experiences of diversity management : employee perspectives in the Finnish ICT industry
Identity and belonging : rethinking race and ethnicity in Canadian society
People, material culture and environment in the north : proceedings of the 22nd Nordic Archaeological Conference, University of Oulu, 18-23 August 2004
Ethnicity, state power and the democratisation process in Uganda
Reflecting on America : anthropological views of U.S. culture
Reforming of adat : Indonesian indigenous people in the era of Reformasi
No man is an island : voluntary associations and the concept of the person in Cameroon
Peoples : the ethnic dimension in human relations
Geopolitics and ethnology : the Setu case
Abstract: The significance of ethnicity in youth peer relationships : a study of the encounters of youth from immigrant backgrounds and majority youth in youth work fields
Brokers of morality : Thai ethnic adaptation in a rural Malaysian setting
Myths of the Rune Stone : Viking martyrs and the birthplace of America
Postcolonial masculinities : emotions, histories and ethics
Ethnicity and causal mechanisms
Betweener talk : decolonizing knowledge production, pedagogy, and praxis
Race and ethnicity : the key concepts
Lives, histories and identities : studies on oral histories, life- and family stories. 1
Identity, ethnicity, and integration
Interethnic relations : an essay in sociological theory
Fairy tales with a Black consciousness : essays on adaptations of familiar stories
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
Student guide to accompany The Lives of Ethnic Americans
Encountering ethnicities in the Finnish town of Turku
The American kaleidoscope : race, ethnicity, and the civic culture
The Wiley Blackwell encyclopedia of race, ethnicity, and nationalism
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume I
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
The embodied boundaries of ethnicity
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Ethnicity
New dimensions of diversity in Nordic culture and society
Forms of attachment to a home country: Lithuanians in the USA
Ethnic images in american film and television
Sudan : race, religion and violence
The sociological study of economic activity has witnessed a significant resurgence. Recent texts have chronicled economic sociology's nineteenth-century origins while pointing to the importance of context and power in economic life, yet the field lacks a clear understanding of the role that concepts at different levels of abstraction play in its organization. "Economic Sociology" fills this critical gap by surveying the current state of the field while advancing a framework for further theoretical development. Alejandro Portes examines economic sociology's principal assumptions, key explanatory concepts, and selected research sites. He argues that economic activity is embedded in social and cultural relations, but also that power and the unintended consequences of rational purposive action must be factored in when seeking to explain or predict economic behavior. Drawing upon a wealth of examples, Portes identifies three strategic sites of research - the informal economy, ethnic enclaves, and transnational communities - and he eschews grand narratives in favor of mid-range theories that help us understand specific kinds of social action. The book shows how the meta-assumptions of economic sociology can be transformed, under certain conditions, into testable propositions, and puts forward a theoretical agenda aimed at moving the field out of its present impasse.
Languages and scripts
Overcoming boundaries : ethnicity, gender and sexuality
City of neighborhoods : memory, folklore, and ethnic place in Boston
Southern Gaul and the Mediterranean : multilingualism and multiple identities in the Iron Age and Roman periods
Diversity and harmony
The menial art of cooking : archaeological studies of cooking and food preparation
Interethnic affiliations and everyday demarcations of youth in Finland : empirical glances through multisited interviews and observations
The dawn of neoliberal rationality in Africa in the 1980s coincided with a massive exodus of skilled Africans to the global North. Moving beyond the 'push and pull' framework that has dominated studies of this phenomenon, this collection instead looks at African transnational migrations against the backdrop of rapid and intensifying globalization. In doing so, it explores a dimension usually neglected in most accounts₂the ways in which transnationalism as a whole is largely a function of the remarkable adaptability and innovation of actual migrants.
"The essays discuss Black cultural retellings of traditional, European fairy tales. The tales are rich and diverse in perspective, illuminating stories such as Aesop's fables, Cinderella, Rapunzel and Ananse. Stories from Black perspectives adhere to the dictates of traditional literary conventions while steeped in literary traditions that can be traced back to Africa or the diaspora"--Julkaisija
New multicultural identities in Europe : religion and ethnicity in secular societies
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Ethnicity and language in prehistoric Northeast Asia
Ethnic Koreans in China : Korean school closings and losing Korean ethnicity
Impact of ethnicity on employment in Australia
Archaeology and the (de)construction of national and supra-national polities
New histories of the Andaman Islands : landscape, place and identity in the Bay of Bengal, 1790-2012
Human nature, class, and ethnicity
Ethnic processes
Nationalism and ethnicity terminologies : an encyclopedic dictionary and research guide
Business-men and European Women : constructions of workplace diversity in a multinational technology company
Multidimensional tradition : native young people and their construction of indigenousness in Brazilian Amazonia
Ethnicities : metropolitan cultures and ethnic identities in the Americas
Ethnic jokes in Russia - a form of everyday racism?
Local Londoners' attitudes towards multicultural London English
Small places, large issues : an introduction to social and cultural anthropology
Processing Romany Culture through Art
Immigration and ethnic diversity in Finnish and Dutch magazines : articulations of subject positions and symbolic communities
Contemporary pagan and native faith movements in Europe : colonialist and nationalist impulses
Indigeneity : construction and re/presentation
Mapinduzi Daima - revolution forever : using the 1964 revolution in nationalistic political discourses in Zanzibar
The Russian Sami : historical-ethnographic essays
Ethnically mixed marriage : stereotypes in Lithuanian online debates
Ethnic identities are affected by social changes which force identities, their meanings, and cultural markers connected to them to be adapted to new situations. Among the highland peoples of Southeast Asia in recent decades, the degree of change has been remarkable, encompassing both economic and political transformation, and increased impact and cultural influence from majority populations. As a result, in one of the smaller upland groups of southwestern China, northern Thailand, Laos and central Myanmar—the Akeu—symbols of ethnicity which are related to traditions and outer appearance are losing their significance, while certain selected traditions are still appreciated and are undergoing modification to fit them to new circumstances. Language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity. Akeu identity used to carry meanings of illiteracy, poverty, and low status and, as language remains an important marker of Akeu ethnicity, newly invented writing in the Akeu language has become an important means both to preserve oral traditions and to empower the meaning of Akeu identity. However, their developing appreciation of literacy furthers their integration into the nation state and Western-oriented urban cultures.
Diversity and society : race, ethnicity, and gender
Post-Soviet transformations
Transnational Africa and globalization
Focusing on developments of the past half century, this volume rediscovers the Americas as contested continents. Its twenty essays explore ethnicity, belonging, and difference in sites and contexts located throughout the Western Hemisphere-from Canada and the United States to Bolivia and Chile. They examine methods and motives for constructing identities and declaring affiliations in literature and other media, in communities and social movements, in national and transnational scenarios. The Americas? What Americas? As academics erase the dividing lines between nations, politicians emphatically reinforce them, backed by xenophobic rationales and brutal police squads. The tension between these two visions makes one think we live in parallel universes, and at times we certainly do: a Leibnitzian construction in which ours is the less desirable, most frightening world. These probing scholarly essays, lucidly edited by Josef Raab, explore from various perspectives what it means to live in that bottom-of-the-barrel world, multilingual, multicultural, and multi-ennerving. The result is enriching, proving yet again that reality and the mind are not always in sync. (IlanStavans, general editor of 'The Norton Anthology of Latino Literature')
Ethnocultural processes and national problems in the modern world
Women's difference : sexuality and maternity in colonial and postcolonial discourses
Finnish yearbook of population research 2007-2008.. 43
Tribes and analogous people In India : contemporary issues
SOR models and ethnicity data in LIS and LES : country by country report
Small business and entrepreneurship : volume II
A dictionary of international slurs : (ethnophaulisms) : with a supplementary essay on aspects of ethnic prejudice
"What do our myths say about us? Why do we choose to believe stories that have been disproven? David M. Krueger takes an in-depth look at a legend that held tremendous power in one corner of Minnesota, helping to define both a community's and a state's identity for decades. In 1898, a Swedish immigrant farmer claimed to have discovered a large rock with writing carved into its surface in a field near Kensington, Minnesota. The writing told a North American origin story, predating Christopher Columbus's exploration, in which Viking missionaries reached what is now Minnesota in 1362 only to be massacred by Indians. The tale's credibility was quickly challenged and ultimately undermined by experts, but the myth took hold. Faith in the authenticity of the Kensington Rune Stone was a crucial part of the local Nordic identity. Accepted and proclaimed as truth, the story of the Rune Stone recast Native Americans as villains. The community used the account as the basis for civic celebrations for years, and advocates for the stone continue to promote its validity despite the overwhelming evidence that it was a hoax. Krueger puts this stubborn conviction in context and shows how confidence in the legitimacy of the stone has deep implications for a wide variety of Minnesotans who embraced it, including Scandinavian immigrants, Catholics, small-town boosters, and those who desired to commemorate the white settlers who died in the Dakota War of 1862. Krueger demonstrates how the resilient belief in the Rune Stone is a form of civil religion, with aspects that defy logic but illustrate how communities characterize themselves. He reveals something unique about America's preoccupation with divine right and its troubled way of coming to terms with the history of the continent's first residents. By considering who is included, who is left out, and how heroes and villains are created, Myths of the Rune Stone offers an enlightening perspective on not just Minnesota but the United States as well"-- Provided by publisher.
Negotiating solidarity : collective actions for precarious migrant workers' rights in Sweden
"This comparative historical sociology of the Bolshevik revolutionaries offers a reinterpretation of political radicalization in the last years of the Russian Empire. Finding that two-thirds of the Bolshevik leadership were ethnic minorities - Ukrainians, Latvians, Georgians, Jews and others - this book examines the shared experiences of assimilation and socioethnic exclusion that underlay their class universalism. It suggests that imperial policies toward the Empire's diversity radicalized class and ethnicity as intersectional experiences, creating an assimilated but excluded elite: lower-class Russians and middle-class minorities universalized particular exclusions as they disproportionately sustained the economic and political burdens of maintaining the multiethnic Russian Empire. The Bolsheviks' social identities and routes to revolutionary radicalism show especially how a class-universalist politics was appealing to those seeking secularism in response to religious tensions, a universalist politics where ethnic and geopolitical insecurities were exclusionary, and a tolerant 'imperial' imaginary where Russification and illiberal repressions were most keenly felt"--
Ethnology in folklore
Ethnic change
Edible identities : food as cultural heritage
Ethnicity, nationalism, geopolitics in the Balkans (1)
Black social movements in Latin America : from monocultural mestizaje to multiculturalism
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Media, culture and society : an introduction
Taifa : making nation and race in urban Tanzania
New world colors : ethnicity, belonging, and difference in the Americas
Literature and racial ambiguity
Interculturalism in North America : Canada, the United States, Mexico, and beyond
Migration of rich immigrants : gender, ethnicity and class
Reflections on multiculturalism
Multiculturalism in everyday life
Living American studies
Kurdish life in contemporary Turkey : migration, gender and ethnic identity
"Oh my God, that nigger said gun!" : use of ethnic humor in modern stand-up comedy
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
"The interactions of the Celtic-speaking communities of Southern Gaul with the Mediterranean world have intrigued commentators since antiquity. This book combines sociolinguistics and archaeology to bring to life the multilingualism and multiple identities of the region from the foundation of the Greek colony of Massalia in 600 BC to the final phases of Roman Imperial power. It builds on the interest generated by the application of modern bilingualism theory to ancient evidence by modelling language contact and community dynamics and adopting an innovative interdisciplinary approach. This produces insights into the entanglements and evolving configurations of a dynamic zone of cultural contact. Key foci of contact-induced change are exposed and new interpretations of cultural phenomena highlight complex origins and influences from the entire Mediterranean koine. Southern Gaul reveals itself to be fertile ground for considering the major themes of multilingualism, ethnolinguistic vitality, multiple identities, colonialism and Mediterraneanization"--
Researching and developing Swedkid : a Swedish case study at the intersection of the web, racism and education
How is ethnicity viewed by scholars of different academic disciplines? Can its emergences be compared in various regions of the world? How can it be conceptualized with specific reference to distinct historical periods? This book shows in a uniquely and innovative way the broad range of approaches to the political uses of ethnicity, both in contemporary settings and from a historical perspective. Its scope is multidisciplinary and spans across the globe.
Coloniality of Diasporas reinterprets migrations within former or current colonial circuits as central to the articulation of Anglo, French and Spanish Caribbean narratives from the seventeenth century to the present. Focusing on piracy in the seventeenth century, filibustering in the nineteenth century, intracolonial migrations in the 1930s, metropolitan racializations in the 1950s and 1960s, and feminist redefinitions of creolization and sexile from the 1940s to the 1990s, this book redefines the Caribbean beyond the postcolonial debate.
Structural adjustment, agrarian change and rural ethnicity in nNigeria
Adoptions that cross the lines of culture, race and nation are a major consequence of conflicts around the globe, yet their histories and representations have rarely been considered. Life Lines: Writing Transcultural Adoption is the first critical study to explore narratives of transcultural adoption from contemporary Britain, Ireland and America: fictions, films and memoirs made by those within the adoption 'triad' or those concerned with the pain and possibilities of transcultural adoption. While acknowledging the sobering inequalities which engender transcultural adoptions and the lasting upset of sundered relations, at the same time John McLeod considers the transfigurative and creative propensity of imagining transcultural adoption as radically calling into question ideas of biogenetic attachment, racial genealogy, cultural identity and normative family-making. How might the predicament of 'being adopted' transculturally enable the transformative agency of 'adoptive being' for all? Exploring works by Andrea Levy, Barbara Kingsolver, Toni Morrison, Sebastian Barry, Caryl Phillips, Jackie Kay and several others, Life Lines makes a groundbreaking intervention in such fields as transcultural studies, postcolonial thought, and adoption theory and practice.
Swedish summary.
The Zimbabwean nation-state project : a historical diagnosis of identity and power-based conflicts in a postcolonial state
Crafting society : ethnicity, class, and communication theory
Affecting change? : cultural politics of sexuality and "race" in Norwegian education
Religion and the creation of race and ethnicity : an introduction
Falling back : incarceration and transitions to adulthood among urban youth
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Food habits and culture : case Amica
Ethnic minorities of Central and Eastern Europe in the internet space : a computer-assisted content analysis
Race and ethnicity in modern Britain
The strong women and wrong men of 'certain cultures' : categorizing 'immigrant men' in the finnish multicultural social work discourse
Ethnicity and democratisation in Africa : challenges for politics and development
Ethnicity as a political resource : conceptualizations across disciplines, regions, and periods
Race on the QT : blackness and the films of Quentin Tarantino
Ethnicity and journalism
This Discussion Paper explores the challenges that ethnicity poses for democratisation and development in Africa. It provides an overview of the literature on ethnicity and democratisation and an analysis of the trends on the continent since the end of the Cold War. In this regard, it critically examines perspectives on the impact of ethnicity on democracy and analyses the ethnicity-citizenship nexus in the context of the national democratic question in Africa. This provides the basis for the analysis of emerging challenges facing Africa and the way forward. The paper provides additional insights into the ongoing debates about democracy and the nation-state question in Africa and is of interest to scholars, practitioners and the general reader.
No zoo : ethnic civility and its cultural regulation among the staff of a Finnish high-tech company
Finnish American folk tradition, ethnicity, and identity
Life lines : writing transcultural adoption
Diasporas and definitions
"We are human beings" : a study on friendship and ethnicity in a finnish elementary school classroom
Estonian Swedish ethnic survival : examples from Nuckö in the interwar period
Afrocentrism : mythical pasts and imagined homes
Coloniality of diasporas : rethinking intra-colonial migrations in a Pan-Caribbean context
Citizens and outsiders : languages and nationalities in the city of Viipuri at the beginning of the 19th century
Food. Volume 5, Food cultures and the globalization of food
Color me white : naturalism/naturalization in American literature
