http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17039 denominational religious education
denominational religious education
Transforming lives : Christian education in a multi-cultural society
Estonian religious education : non-confessional versus confessional
A companion to multiconfessionalism in the early modern world
The confessionalization of humanism in Reformation Germany
Pursuing privacy in Cold War America
Celebrity, confession, and performance in Pentti Saarikoski's I look out over Stalin's head
The voice of confessionalism and inter-Lutheran relations : the influence of the Missouri Synod in the Baltic and Ingrian Lutheran churches, 1991-2001
Communal Christianity : the life and loss of a peasant vision in early modern Germany
Abstract.
"Lifelong learning has become an increasingly important theme in contemporary society through which each citizen is encouraged to become a constant learner. Such narratives are often seen as positive and all-inclusive. In this book, practices of lifelong learning will be considered as practices of confession. Today, people are constantly encouraged to verbalize themselves to others, whether on TV shows, in newspapers, in family life or together with friends. In The Confessing Society, the authors argue that society has become a confessing society by illustrating how confession operates in the practices of family involvement in school, in-service training, educational guidance, through coaching in the media, etc. Together, such practices shape and govern an active and responsible citizen. The authors, drawing on Foucault's later work on confession and governmentality, carefully analyse how confession operates within practices of lifelong learning as a way to shape activated and responsible citizens. Chapters include: - Reflection and Reflective Practices - Deliberation and Therapeutic Intervention - Lifelong Guidance - Medialised Parenting. This book is international in its scope and the argument pursued is related to current debates regarding trans-national policy and to research discussions on education, lifelong learning and governance, and it will provoke lively debate amongst educational practitioners, academics, postgraduate and research students in education and lifelong learning in Europe, North America and Australasia"--Provided by publisher.
Modern confessional writing : new critical essays
The secularisation of the confessional state : the political thought of Christian Thomasius
Teaching as an act of faith : theory and practice in church-related higher education
The confessing society : Foucault, confession and practices of lifelong learning
From recognition to reception : the Apostolic faith and the unity of the church in the World Council of Churches
Foucault and a politics of confession in education
"In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena. This book brings together international scholars and researchers inspired by the work of Michel Foucault, to explore in detail what happens when these practices of confession become part of our lives and ways of being in education. The authors argue that they are not neutral, but political and powerful in their effects in shaping and governing people; they examine confession as discursive and contemporary practice so as to provoke critical thought.International in scope and pioneering in the detail of its scrutiny of such practices, this book extends contemporary understanding of the exercise of power and politics of confessional practices in education and learning, and offers an alternative way of thinking of them. The book will be of value to educational practitioners, scholars, researchers and students, interested in the politics of their own practices"-- "In liberal, democratic and capitalist societies today, we are increasingly invited to disclose our innermost thoughts to others. We are asked to turn our gaze inwards, scrutinizing ourselves, our behaviours and beliefs, while talking and writing about ourselves in these terms. This form of disclosure of the self resonates with older forms of church confession, and is now widely seen in practices of education in new ways in nurseries, schools, colleges, universities, workplaces and the wider policy arena".
The anthropology of Protestantism : faith and crisis among Scottish fishermen
Speaking personally : the rise of subjective and confessional journalism
