http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17002 sea birds
sea birds
The impact of cormorant nesting colonies on plants and arthropods
Birds of the Mediterranean
Behaviour and ecology of sea ducks : papers presented at the Pacific Seabird Group Symposium, Victoria, British Columbia, 8-12 November 1995
The status of marine birds breeding in the Barents Sea Region
Population ecology and management of waders breeding on coastal meadows
Bourbon island 1730
Incidental mortality in commercial fisheries around the world is a threat to seabirds and is causing decline in many breeding populations. Guidelines were prepared during this expert consultation to assist countries in developing policies and plans of action for reducing incidental catch and mortality of seabirds in fisheries.--Publisher's description.
Establishing conservation management for avian threatened species
Immunocompetence and the prevalence of haematozoan parasites in two long-lived seabirds
Distribution, numbers and ecological gradients of birds breeding on small islands in the Archipelago Sea, SW Finland
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1997/98
The high skies adventures of Blue Jay the pirate
Key marine habitat sites for migratory birds in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories
Sea of swords
Osteology of the eider Somateria mollissima (L.) : a study of sexual, geographic and temporal morphometric variation in the eider skeleton
Feeding habits and habitat selection of the long-tailed skua (Stercorarius longicaudus) and arctic skua (Stercorarius parasiticus) in North Norway
Incidental take of seabirds in commercial fisheries in the Arctic countries
Seabird populations in the northern Barents Sea : source data for the impact assessment of the effects of oil drilling activity
Report of the twenty-third session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 15-19 February 1999.
Seabirds of the world : photographic handbook
The naturetrail omnibus
Foraging dynamics of seabirds in the Eastern tropical pacific ocean
Seabird colony databases of the Barents Sea Region and the Kara Sea
The ecology, status, and conservation of marine and shoreline birds of the Queen Charlotte Islands
Seabird harvest regimes in the circumpolar nations
Studies of high-latitude seabirds. 4, Trophic relationships and energetic of endotherms in cold ocean systems
Birds of the Ocean : a handbook for voyagers
Lagoons, estuaries and deltas : boundaries between the sea and rivers
Birds on Aegean bronze age seals : a study of representation
Life stories
Cormorants in the Finnish archipelago
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 6, Shorebirds : migration and foraging behavior
Art by the water / Riitta Ojanperä
Report of the Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition 1991/1992
Report of the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 26-30 October 1998.
Eggshell thickness in eleven sea and shore bird species of the Bothnian Bay
Biology of marine birds
Report of the Prepatory Meeting for the Consultation on the Management of Fishing Capacity, Shark Fisheries and Incidental Catch of Seabirds in Longline Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 22-24 July 1998.
The Baltic Sea environment. Session 2, Life in the Baltic Sea
The ferry birds
Penguins and other sea birds
Report of the FAO/BirdLife South American Workshop on Implementation of NPOA-Seabirds and Conservation of Albatrosses and Petrels : Valdivia, Chile, 2-6 December 2003
The Arctic skua : a study of the ecology and evolution of a seabird
The incidental catch of seabirds by longline fisheries : worldwide review and technical guidelines for mitigation
Norwegian Antarctic Research Expedition (NARE) 2000-2001
Pelagic birds of the North Atlantic : an identification guide
Seabirds : feeding ecology and role in marine ecosystems
Merikotkien elämää = Havsörnsliv = Life of the white-tailed eagle
Distribution, status and population trends in the Temminck's Stint Calidris temminckii in the Finnisch Bothnian Bay
Collins bird guide
The sea-thing child
A complete guide to Antarctic wildlife : the birds and marine mammals of the Antarctic continent and the Southern Ocean
Sea-birds of Bonaventure Island
Changes in abundance of some duck and sea-bird populations off the coast of Finland 1949-1963
Report of the Expert Consultation on Best Practice Technical Guidelines for IPOA/NPOA-Seabirds : Bergen, Norway, 2-5 September 2008.
Mites (Acari: Mesostigmata) inhabiting nests of the white-tailed sea eagle Haliaeetus albicilla (L.) in Poland
Monitoring of populations and productivity of seabirds at St. Matthew Island, Bluff, Little Diomede Island and Cape Thompson, Alaska, 1991 : [monitoring seabird populations in areas of oil and gas development on the Alaskan continental shelf] : [final report]
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
The double-crested cormorant : symbol of ecological conflict
Wetland use by waterbirds that winter in coastal Texas
Current ornithology. Vol. 11
Phylogeography and conservation genetics of waders
Review and assessment of mitigation measures to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in longline, trawl and gillnet fisheries
Greylag geese (Anser anser) - Scirpus maritimus relationships in a newly colonised wintering area in the Camargue (France)
Sea Eagle 2000 : proceedings from the International Sea Eagle Conference in Björkö, Sweden, 13-17 september 2000
Fishing operations. 2, Best practices to reduce incidental catch of seabirds in capture fisheries
Field guide to the birds of the Atlantic Islands
Survey on arctic bird migration and congregations in the White Sea, autumn 1999
Review of measures taken by intergovernmental organizations to address sea turtle and seabird interactions in marine capture fisheries
Behavior of marine animals : current perspectives in research. Vol. 5, Shorebirds : breeding behavior and populations
Ecology of Mediterranean evergreen oak forests
International murre conservation strategy and action plan
Birds of the ocean : a handbook for voyagers containing descriptions of all the sea-birds of the world, with notes on their habits and guides to their identification
Hokusai : mountains and water, flowers and birds
Host selection by Arctic Skuas Stercorarius parasiticus in the North-western Mediterranean during spring migration
Human disturbance at Arctic seabird colonies
Avian biology. 1
Exotic pets : practical pet care handbook
Water sings blue : ocean poems
Drawing and painting the seashore
Checklist of the birds of Aruba, Curaçao and Bonaire, South Caribbean : special issue of Ardea
Flight identification of European seabirds
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
