http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17076 androgyny
androgyny
Kathleen Long explores the use of the hermaphrodite in early modern culture wars, both to question traditional theorizations of gender roles and to reaffirm those views. These cultural conflicts were fueled by the discovery of a new world, by the Reformation and the backlash against it, by nascent republicanism directed against dissolute kings, and by the rise of empirical science and its subsequent confrontation with the traditional university system. For the Renaissance imagination, the hermaphrodite came to symbolize these profound and intense changes that swept across Europe, literally embodying these conflicts. Focusing on early modern France, with references to Switzerland and Germany, this work traces the symbolic use of the hermaphrodite across a range of disciplines and domains – medical, alchemical, philosophical, poetic, fictional, and political – and demonstrates how these seemingly disparate realms interacted extensively with each other in this period, also across national boundaries. This widespread use and representation of the hermaphrodite established a ground on which new ideas concerning sex and gender could be elaborated by subsequent generations, and on which a wide range of thought concerning identity, racial, religious, and national as well as gender, could be deployed.
he range of ethical issues that arise in regard to the treatment of intersex infants, children, and adults is representative of clinical healthcare ethics generally. By incorporating the perspective of patients and their stories in its account, Intersex in the Age of Ethics does more than introduce the question of healthcare ethics in microcosm, it leads the reader to examine the effect of ethical reflection on the lives of patients.
Women, androgynes, and other mythical beasts
The catch : a novel
The informationist
A fool, free
In a futuristic society run by an all-powerful Gov, a bender teen on the cusp of adulthood has choices to make that will change her life and maybe the world. Fifteen-year-old bender Kivali has had a rough time in a gender-rigid culture. Abandoned as a baby and raised by Sheila, an ardent nonconformist, Kivali has always been surrounded by uncertainty. Where did she come from? Is it true what Sheila says, that she was deposited on Earth by the mysterious saurians? "What are you?" people ask, and Kivali isn't sure. Boy/girl? Human/lizard? Both/neither? Now she s in CropCamp, with all of its schedules and regs, and the first real friends she's ever had. Strange occurrences and complicated relationships raise questions Kivali has never before had to consider. But she has a gift the power to enter a trancelike state to harness the  knowings  inside her. She has Lizard Radio. Will it be enough to save her? A coming-of-age story rich in friendships and the shattering emotions of first love, this deeply felt novel will resonate with teens just emerging as adults in a sometimes hostile world.
The androgyne : fusion of the sexes / Elémire Zolla
Psyche and Eros : mind and gender in the life course
Intersex
Androgyny in modern literature
Riley Cavanaugh is many things: Punk rock. Snarky. Rebellious. And gender fluid. Some days Riley identifies as a boy, and others as a girl. But Riley isn't exactly out yet. And between starting a new school and having a congressman father running for reelection in uber-conservative Orange County, the pressure media and otherwise is building up in Riley's life.On the advice of a therapist, Riley starts an anonymous blog to vent those pent-up feelings and tell the truth of what it's really like to be a gender fluid teenager. But just as Riley's starting to settle in at school - even developing feelings for a mysterious outcast - the blog goes viral, and an unnamed commenter discovers Riley's real identity, threatening exposure. And Riley must make a choice: walk away from what the blog has created - a lifeline, new friends, a cause to believe - in or stand up, come out, and risk everything.
In the 1990s, questions of sex roles and individual identity have taken a central position in intellectual debates. These eleven essays in history and anthropology offer a novel perspective on these debates by questioning the place of sexual dimorphism in culture and history. They propose a new role for the study of alternative sex and gender systems in cultural science, as a means of critiquing thinking that privileges standard male/female gender distinctions and rejects the natural basis of other forms of sexuality.The essays cover a wide range of times and cultures, starting in the Byzantine Empire and moving eclectically forward, with a special focus on the seventeenth through nineteenth centuries. The anthropological studies include the Native American berdache, the Indian Hijras caste, hermaphrodites in Melanesia, third genders in Indonesia and the Balkans, and transsexuals in America.Third Sex, Third Gender emphasizes desires on the margins of society, and pleasures and bodies outside the assumed arenas of social reproduction. It opens up the possibility of understanding in new ways how, for example, Byzantine palace eunuchs and the Hijras of India met the criteria of special social roles that necessitated self-castration, and how heartfelt yet forbidden desires were expressed among seventeenth-century Dutch Sodomites, the Mollys of eighteenth-century England, and the Intermediate Sex or so-called hermaphrodite-homosexual of nineteenth-century Europe and America.
Gathering evidence from art, literature, history, pop culture, science, and psychology, Marjorie Garber offers a startling new take on the nature and influence of bisexuality in our culture.
Mircea Eliade : from magic to myth
Written on the body
Manifestations of the quest for an androgynous vision in Iris Murdoch's Henry and Cato
Circles of love : the mythologies of Magnus Enckell / Riikka Stewen
The third sex : Kathoery : Thailand's ladyboys
Glam! : an eyewittness account
Symptoms of being human
Hermaphrodites in Renaissance Europe
Transgender behaviour has been part of human experience for all times and across all cultures. Whether male to female (MTF) or female to male (FTM) transvestites, transsexuals, and hermaphrodites are forming a new alliance of transgendered people. These largely feared and taboo individuals are demanding a return of their lost civil liberties and are seeking recognition as a third gender.
The Lord who is half woman : Ardhanari ́svara in Indian and feminist perspective
Henry James's thwarted love
Third sex, third gender : beyond sexual dimorphism in culture and history
Sexuality and masquerade : the Dedalus book of sexual ambiguity
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
The modern androgyne imagination : a failed sublime
Gender reversals and gender cultures : anthropological and historical perspectives
Woman's power, man's game : essays on classical antiquity in honor of Joy K. King
Interpreting androgyny in The left hand of darkness by Ursula K. Le Guin
Refractions of masculinity : ambivalence and androgyny in Philip Glass's opera 'Akhnaten' and selected recent works
Bisexuality and the eroticism of everyday life
Trans voices : becoming who you are
Orlando : a biography
Ellen Ripley as a representation of patriarchal "strong femininity" in the films Alien and Aliens
Intersex in the age of ethics
Why are there no lesbian advertisements? / Annamari Vänskä
"Virginia Woolf's Orlando, 'the longest and most charming love letter in literature', playfully constructs the figure of Orlando as the fictional embodiment of Woolf's close friend and lover, Vita Sackville-West. Spanning three centuries of boisterous, fantastic adventure, the novel opens as Orlando, a young nobleman in Elizabeth's England, awaits a visit from the Queen and traces his experience with first love as England, under James I, lies locked in the embrace of the Great Frost. At the midpoint of the novel, Orlando, now an ambassador in Constantinople, awakes to find that he is a woman, and the novel indulges in farce and irony to consider the roles of women in the 18th and 19th centuries. As the novel end s in 1928, a year consonant with full suffrage for women, Orlando, now a wife and mother, stands poised at the brink of a future that holds new hope and promise for women. Wordsworth Classics presents this new edition, proclaimed by Woolf's, contemporary Rebecca West as 'a poetic masterpiece of the first rank', restoring Woolf's original photographs and index, and with an introduction and notes by Merry M. Pawlowski, Us scholar in Modernist and Woolf studies." -- (Back Cover)
The left hand of darkness
The androgyne : reconciliation of male and female
Herculine Barbin : being the recently discovered memoirs of a nineteenth-century French hermaphrodite ; introduced by Michel Foucault ; translated by Richard McDougall
Great women travel writers : from 1750 to the present
Intersex and identity : the contested self
Takarazuka : sexual politics and popular culture in modern Japan
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Hermaphrodites and the medical invention of sex
This is not pink : the alternative way of seeing sweets
Androgyny : the opposites within
Androgyny as a fusion of masculine and feminine qualities in the poetry of Edith Södergran
The doll : a novel
Lessons from the intersexed
From the moment intersexuality-the condition of having physical gender markers (genitals, gonads, or chromosomes) that are neither clearly female nor male-is suspected and diagnosed, social institutions are mobilized in order to maintain the two seemingly objective sexual categories. Infants' bodies are altered, and what was "ambiguous" is made "normal." Kessler's interviews with pediatric surgeons and endocrinologists reveal how the intersex condition is normalized for parents and she argues that the way in which intersexuality is managed by the medical and psychological professions displays our culture's beliefs about gender and genitals. Parents of intersexed children are rarely heard from, but in this book they provide another perspective on reasons for genital surgeries and the quality of medical and psychological management. Although physicians educate parents about how to think about their children's condition, Kessler learned from parents of intersexed children that some parents are able to accept atypical genitals. Based on analysis of the medical literature and interview with adults who had received treatment as interesexed children, Kessler proposes new approaches for physicians to use in talking with parents and children. She also evaluates the appearance of a politicized vanguard, many of who are promoting an intersexual identity, who seek to alter the way physicians respond to intersexuality.
Wagner androgyne : a study in interpretation
Embodying ambiguity : androgyny and aesthetics from Winckelmann to Keller
Sexual ambivalence : androgyny and hermaphroditism in Graeco-Roman antiquity
