http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17049 milieu therapy
milieu therapy
Insane therapy : portrait of a psychotherapy cult
Comprehensive community health nursing : family, aggregate, & community practice
I as me : making of 2000 & 11 self-portraits
The rainbow of desire : the Boal method of theatre and therapy
Therapeutic community effectiveness : a systematic international review of therapeutic community treatment for people with personality disorders and mentally disordered offenders
Arts development in community health : a social tonic
Therapeutic community research and statistical data analysis
Applied theatre : bewilderment and beyond
Occupying disability : critical approaches to community, justice, and decolonizing disability
Reminiscence and recall : a practical guide to reminiscence work
Games for actors and non-actors
Groups in music : strategies from music therapy
Qualitative research in arts and mental health : contexts, meanings and evidence
Dramatherapy and social theatre : necessary dialogues
Dance movement therapy : theory, research and practice
Community Based Rehabilitation in Chikankata : Development cooperation sub-project in Zambia
Towards the well functioning community : the development of Anton Makarenko and Maxwell Jones' communities
Legislative theatre : using performance to make politics
Culturally affirmative psychotherapy with deaf persons
Hamlet and the baker's son : my life in theatre and politics
Abstract.
Theatre for community, conflict and dialogue : the Hope is Vital training manual
Unelmasta totta = Dream to reality
Improvising real life : personal story in playback theatre
Occupational therapy with children : understanding children's occupations and enabling participation
"This book explores the concept of 'occupation' in disability well beyond traditional clinical formulations of disability: it considers disability not in terms of pathology or impairment, but as a range of unique social identities and experiences that are shaped by visible or invisible diagnoses/impairments, socio-cultural perceptions and environmental barriers and offers innovative ideas on how to apply theoretical training to real world contexts. Inspired by disability justice and 'Disability Occupy Wall Street / Decolonize Disability' movements in the US and related movements abroad, this book builds on politically engaged critical approaches to disability that intersect occupational therapy, disability studies and anthropology. 'Occupying Disability' will provide a discursive space where the concepts of disability, culture and occupation meet critical theory, activism and the creative arts. The concept of 'occupation' is intentionally a moving target in this book. Some chapters discuss occupying spaces as a form of protest or alternatively, protesting against territorial occupations. Others present occupations as framed or problematized within the fields of occupational therapy and occupational science and anthropology as engagement in meaningful activities. The contributing authors come from a variety of professional, academic and activist backgrounds to include perspectives from theory, practice and experiences of disability. Emergent themes include: all the permutations of the concept of 'occupy,' disability justice/decolonization, marginalization and minoritization, technology, struggle, creativity and change. This book will engage clinicians, social scientists, activists and artists in dialogues about disability as a theoretical construct and lived experience"--Provided by publisher.
Driver rehabilitation and community mobility : principles and practice
The Wiley Blackwell handbook of mindfulness. Volume 2
Stress, trauma, and posttraumatic growth : social context, environment, and identities
Secularization, rationalism and sectarianism : essays in honour of Bryan R. Wilson
Choices for recovery : community-based rehabilitation and the Clubhouse model as means to mental health reforms
Counselling fundamentals in the workplace
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
The therapeutic community movement : charisma and routinization
Skills development through community based rehabilitation (CBR) : a good practice guide
Handbook of psychotherapy and religious diversity
The practice of psychosocial occupational therapy
I as Me is a making-of detailing the project 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS, which was part of the official programme of Turku European Capital of Culture 2011. The project opened up a new outlook on self-portraits and autobiographical writing to all who are interested in making, studying or using art – especially for art students in higher education and those intrigued by the empowering aspects of art. The project was coordinated by the Arts Academy of Turku University of Applied Sciences. This book is based on the Finnish work Omakuva on jokaisen kuva (A Self-Portrait is a Portrait of Everyone, 2011), which was published as part of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project. Some of the articles have been expanded, and also a lot of makingof material has been added, including interviews of the participants, artwork from the exhibitions, new workshop methods and other miscellaneous documentation. In this book, workshop leaders, participants, artists and researchers discuss their own ways to view, access and create self-portraits as well as autobiographical writing. Additionally, I as Me contains a wide selection of self-portraits made in numerous workshops of the 2000 & 11 SELF-PORTRAITS project, creating a fascinating period piece. Self-Portrait is diverse and personal -- (Takakansi)
Community art : implications for social policy
Dancing communities : performance, difference, and connection in the global city
Community practice in occupational therapy : a guide to serving the community
Psychology and the internet : intrapersonal, interpersonal and transpersonal implications
Care in the community : illusion or reality?
Abnormal psychology
