http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17033 bricks
bricks
The Thomas Ashby collection of Roman brick stamps in the American Academy at Rome
Build your own paths, steps & patios
Brick : a world history
Water transport in brick, stone, and concrete
Walls : elements of garden and landscape architecture
Brickstamps of Constantinople provides archaeologists and historians with the first major catalogue and analysis of stamped bricks manufactured in Constantinople and its vicinity in the Late Roman and Early Byzantine periods. The catalogue assembles not only all previously published stamps but also a large amount of unpublished material in archives and museum collections. Most of the variant stamps are illustrated with a sketch, drawing or photograph. The text discusses the organization of the brickmaking industry and the purpose of brickstamping, and establishes for the first time a chronological framework for the material. On the basis of the conclusions, dates are proposed for previously undated structures in the city, and revised dates are given for other monuments.
Brickwork : repair and restoration
Scottish traditional brickwork
Medieval floor tiles of northern England : pattern and purpose : production between the 13th and 16th centuries
Repointing stone and brick walling
Development of methods for assessing the frost resistance of clay bricks
The terracotta revival : building innovation and the image of the industrial city in Britain and North America
Organization of Roman brick production in the first and second centuries A. D. : an interpretation of Roman brick stamps
The conservation of decorative arts
Electronic technical notes on brick contruction
Published to accompany the first exhibition on ceramics of the Middle Ages anywhere for more than 50 years, this beautiful publication aims to demystify medieval art by highlighting the beauty and familiarity of ceramic pots and tiles from all over northern Europe, with an emphasis on 13th to early 16th-century England. Among the highlights presented here are three magnificent examples of the English jug, described in 1948 by the great historian of ceramics W.B. Honey in his Foreword to Bernard Rackham's pioneering book Medieval English Pottery, "quite simply, as the most beautiful pottery ever made in England." Formerly despised for their roughness and lack of superficial refinement, they are now recognized as worthy of comparison for their nobility of form with the early Chinese wares, so much admired today as the finest of all pottery. The Dartford Knight Jug is an example of the most celebrated of all medieval English pottery, dating to the late 13th century and made in Scarborough in Yorkshire. The Rye "Royal Presentation" Jug, excavated from a kiln site in Rye in the 1930s, having laid there since its creation in the 14th century is a remarkable survival decorated in a curious scene of finely scratched sgraffito figures. And a massive shouldered jug from Kedleston Hall was described when it was discovered in 1862 as "probably the most important and interesting early mediaeval relic of Norman pottery which has ever been exhumed". Exhibition: Samm Fogg, London, UK (4.2014)
Expert system for the evaluation of the deterioration of ancient brick masonry structures : Damage atlas : classification and analyses of damage patterns found in brick masonry
This work presents an archaeometric study on the Vindonissa stamped tiles. Vindonissa (Canton of Aargau, Switzerland) was an important Roman camp during the 1st century AD. With Vindonissa stamped tiles, archaeologists refer to all tiles stamped with the name of the military units that were stationed at Vindonissa from 47 to 101 AD. These tiles are among the most common archaeological findings in the Vindonissa legionary camp, but commonly occur in different Roman sites of Switzerland. The principal aim of this study was the petrographic and chemical characterisation of the Vindonissa tiles to determine the production site (or sites) for these ceramics and to obtain information concerning the technological aspects of the tile production and the distribution of these stamped tiles in Switzerland in Roman times.
Materials for architects and builders : an introduction
Bricks and brickmaking
Garden brickwork : How to build walls, paths, patios and barbecues
Masonry material and structure
English tilers
Simplified engineering for architects and builders
Stone, wood, glass & steel : inspirational and practical design ideas and techniques using hard landscaping materials
The brick book
"This study of the design, manufacture and use of medieval floor tiles shows the long-lasting influence achieved in the north of England by the monasteries of the reformed movement, particularly the Cistercians. It serves to demonstrate how these monastic houses made use of the resources and contacts available to them." "Over 500 different designs and 60 mosaic arrangements that had been in use in the medieval period were identified from the extant tiles and from searches of published literature and antiquarian records. The study examines changes in the design, production and use of a particular artefact type, in a large region, over a long period of time."--BOOK JACKET.
Hydraulic lime mortar : for stone, brick and block masonry
Ground level : Practical advice for garden surfaces using stone, brick, decking and planting
Masonry : how to care for old and historic brick and stone
Brick projects for the landscape : 16 easy-to build designs
Architectural brickwork
Private domini in Roman brick stamps of the Empire : a historical and prosopographical study of landowners in the district of Rome
Walks, Walls & Patios : plan, design, build
The purpose of this work is to determine the most informative articles and the most effective methods and research approaches to the study of Roman brick stamps covering the former Roman Empire. The different research methods used in different areas are compared. This study attempts to give an overall view of research methods, approaches and categories of studies used in all schools of brick stamp research and poses the question whether brick stamps can contribute to our understanding of military history. Regional and local differences of both stamps and modern schools of research are highlighted and their importance in terms of Roman history is discussed.
Adobe and rammed earth buildings : design and construction
Magnetic survey over brick kiln remnants at Veldbæk near Esbjerg (Denmark)
Recycling of biomass ashes
Masonry construction manual
Brick buildings, chimneys, and windows with glass : a chain of changes in medieval housing in Turku
Making paths & walkways : stone, brick, bark, grass, pebbles & more
Step-by-step outdoor brickwork : over twenty easy-to-build projects for your yard and garden
Practical building conservation. Part A and Part B, Earth, brick and terracotta
Ceramic petrography : the interpretation of archaeological pottery & related artefacts in thin section
Construction methods, materials, and techniques
Conservation guidelines. No. 8, Brickwork & stonework
Italian pavements : patterns in space
Brickwork : history, technology and practice volume 1
Brick, an exacting material
Brickwork : history, technology and practice volume 2
Guidelines for restoring brick masonry
A study of Roman brick-stamps
The complete book of Outdoor diy
Brickwork and paving for house and garden
Materials : a directory for home design
The patio specialist : the essential guide to designing, building, improving and maintaining patios, paths and steps
Muuratut tuotteet = Masonry products
Design of structural elements : concrete, steelwork, masonry and timber design to British standards and Eurocodes
Brick
Signifying Roman in the east : identity and material culture in Roman archaeology
Surface & finish : a directory of materials for interiors
Brick kiln from SW Jutland: the kiln, historical outline of brick production and farm building in Jutland, magnetic and luminescence dating of the kiln
Tiles : 1,000 years of architectural decoration
Masonry conservation & restoration
Methods of evaluating products for the conservation of porous building materials in monuments : international colloquium, Rome, 19-21 June 1995 : preprints
Expert system for the evaluation of the deterioration of ancient brick structures : scientific background of the damage atlas and the masonry damage diagnostic system
Pots and tiles of the Middle Ages
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
The old brick architecture of Holland and Belgium
Basics building construction
The history of gauged brickwork : conservation, repair and modern application
Organization of Roman brick production in the first and second centuries A. D. : an interpretation of Roman brick stamps. Indices
Fired earth : 1000 years of tiles in Europe : a Scarborough Art Gallery Touring Exhibition
Practical building conservation : English Heritage technical handbook. Vol. 2, Brick, terracotta and earth
Roman military brick stamps : a comparison of methodology
Use of biomass fuels in the brick-making industries of Sudan : implications for deforestation and greenhouse gas emission
Outdoor brickwork : Over twenty easy-to-bi..
Manual for the design of plain masonry in building structures to Eurocode 6
Drying of the brickwork subjected to driving rain
The Roman stamped tiles of Vindonissa (1st century A.D., Northern Switzerland) : provenance and technology of production - an archaeometric study
ICE manual of construction materials
Cosa : inscriptions on stone and brick-stamps
Brickstamps of Constantinople
This totally original architecture book, the first ever comprehensive study of brick, follows the story of brick from 5,000 bc to its use in building today, via the vast baths and basilicas of ancient Rome, through the wonders of Gothic brick in Germany, the majestic temples of Pagan and Mughal mosques in Iran, to its modern revival. Marvellously illustrated with spectacular, specially taken photographs, Brick is at once an historical account of how bricks have been employed by architects of every period, a technical survey of brickmaking and bricklaying, and an essay in architectural and cultural history. The authors have applied their expert visual and technical knowledge to more than one hundred themes, from bricks in ancient Egypt to their distinctive use by such modern masters as Louis Kahn, Alvar Aalto and Renzo Piano. Great works of engineering, viaducts, tunnels and bridges are given prominence alongside great cathedrals and country houses, temples and mosques, testifying to the incredible versatility and importance of bricks and brickwork
Enclosure masonry wall systems worldwide : typical masonry wall enclosures in Belgium, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Greece, India, Italy, Nordic Countries, Poland, Portugal, The Netherlands and U.S.A
Eurocode for masonry, EN 1996-1-1 and EN 1996-2 : guidance and worked examples
Contemporary ceramics
The art of the islamic tile
Architectural tiles : conservation and restoration
Brickworks
Conservation of brick
500 tiles : an inspiring collection of international work
Civil engineering materials and their testing
The Roman brick stamps : not published in vol. XV, 1 of the Corpus inscriptionum latinarum including Indices to the Roman brick-stamps
Archaeometric and archaeological approaches to ceramics : papers presented at EMAC '05, 8th European meeting on ancient ceramics, Lyon 2005
Ex figlinis : the network dynamics of the Tiber Valley brick industry in the hinterland of Rome
Brickwork for the garden : including 16 easy-to-build projects
Kirpičnyj Peterburg : [fotoal'bom] = Brick St. Petersburg
Build your own outdoor structures in brick
Unfired bricks used for a medieval oven in Turku, Finland
The brick
Fresh approaches to brick production and use in the Middle Ages : proceedings of the session 'Utilization of brick in the medieval period - production, construction, destruction' : held at the European Association of Archaeologists (EAA) meeting, 29 August to 1 September 2012 in Helsinki, Finland
Walkways and drives : design ideas for grand entrances
Iznik : the artistry of Ottoman ceramics
