http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17005 second language
second language
Second language learning and language teaching
Research methods in second language acquisition : a practical guide
Language two
Tasks in second language learning
Discourse analysis in second language research
Linguistic theory in second language acquisition
Emotions in second language learning as seen in autobiographical narratives written by university students : a discursive study
Assessment of Written Proficiency: Finnish-speaking University Students Writing in Swedish
Learning and using English and Swedish beyond the classroom : activity systems of six upper secondary school students
The Routledge encyclopedia of research methods in applied linguistics
The acquisition of a second language phonology : a linguistic theory of developing sound structures
L2 writing and L2 written feedback in upper secondary schools as experienced by teachers
The learning of grammar in the classroom
Language assessment in practice : developing language assessments and justifying their use in the real world
Phonological working memory and L2 knowledge : Finnish children learning English
Using the mother tongue : making the most of the learner's language
Extensive reading in the second language classroom
Applied linguistics in language education
Current trends in child second language acquisition : a generative perspective
Second language development : trends and issues
Beliefs about SLA : new research approaches
The roles of linguistic confidence and integrative motivation on cross-cultural adaptation of Asian degree students Finland
Fluency development in L2 during study abroad: Finnish students of Russian
Dynamic Assessment (DA) reconceptualizes classroom interactions by arguing that teaching and assessment should not be distinct undertakings but must be integrated as a single activity that seeks to understand learner abilities by actively supporting their ongoing development. DA is based in the Vygotskian notion of the Zone of Proximal Development (ZPD) which captures the uniquely human potential to exceed our present capabilities by working in cooperation with others whose dialogic interaction mediates us to higher levels of functioning. DA offers a framework for co-constructing a ZPD with learners in order to simultaneously reveal the full range of their abilities and promote development. This book presents the first in-depth analysis of DAa (TM)s application to particular problems of L2 development. It includes detailed discussions of the core theoretical tenets as well as guidelines for implementing DA principles in L2 classrooms. The book will be of interest to language teacher educators, language testers, classroom practitioners, and students and researchers in the areas of SLA, language pedagogy, and assessment.
The effect of language environment on learning the letter-sound correspondence through graphogame : case stories of eight immigrant children in Finland
Learner knowledge of target phonotactics : judgments of French word transformations
Dynamic assessment : a Vygotskian approach to understanding and promoting L2 development
Motivational factors in language acquisition : narrative study of 5 young multilingual migrants
Fast easy way to learn a language
Input matters in SLA
Crosslinguistic influence in language and cognition
From interdepe[n]dence to agency : migrants as learners of English and Finnish in Finland
Learning second national languages : a research report
English inversion in second language acquisition of German native speakers : an empirical approach
Second language learning : research problems and perspectives : papers from a Conference on Second Language Learning, held at the James Gracie Conference Centre, Birmingham, 24-26 February 1984 : with the support of the Economic and Social Research Council
Learning a second language. 1, An integrated view of language acquisition
Introducing second language acquisition
The early acquisition of a second language phonology
"OK well I thought it was kind of boring" : discourse markers used by students in oral EFL tests
Memory, psychology and second language learning
A linguistic guide to language learning
Second language acquisition : an advanced resource book
Learning strategies in second language acquisition
Issues in second language teaching and learning
Identity and language discourses in elf context : a case study of five Finnish university students working in an international student organization in Finland
Second language discourse : a textbook of current research
Learning strategies in foreign and second languages classrooms
Learning paths on elementary university courses in Finnish as a second language
EAIE professional development series for international educators. 2 : Implementing internationalisation at home
Modeling bilingualism from structure to chaos : in honor of Kees de Bot
Neurolinguistic and psycholinguistic perspectives on SLA
Introducing english as an additional language to young children : a practical handbook
Bloomsbury companion to second language acquisition
On second language writing
Learning styles and second language education
Beyond the language classroom
A practical guide to the teaching of English as a second or foreign language
Demotivation in learning English among immigrant pupils in the ninth grade of comprehensive school
The role of English-language music in informal learning of English
Measuring second language vocabulary acquisition
Linguistic awareness and second language learning
High variability phonetic training : Arabic and Persian speakers learning Finnish vowels /y/ and /ø
Non-native speakers in call centers : the influence of language on the perceived service quality
Songs and poems in the second language classroom : the hidden potential of singing for developing writing fluency
Theories in second language acquisition : an introduction
Second Language Learning and Language Teaching provides an introduction to the application of second language acquisition research to language teaching. Assuming no previous background in second language acquisition or language teaching methods, this text starts by introducing readers to the basic issues of second language acquisition research. It then examines how people learn particular aspects of the second language, such as grammar, vocabulary, pronunciation and the writing system, and at the strategies they adopt in their learning and the differences between individuals. Final chapters look at second language learning in a broader context - the goals of language teaching and how teaching methods relate to SLA research. This newly updated fifth edition builds on the comprehensive scope of earlier editions while also addressing more recent developments in the field, particularly multilingual approaches to language teaching.
Corrective feedback, individual differences and second language learning
Language planning for adult immigrant integration : critical perspectives on challenges for and motivations of immigrant second language learners in Finland
Second language learning : contrastive analysis, error analysis and related aspects
This book focuses on problems many language students face in developing advanced proficiency in an L2. It adds to the growing body of research into the connection between greater working memory (WM) capacity and L2 development, by investigating correlations between WM and development of L2 English questions in an immersion setting. The book details two longitudinal studies tracking 43 instructed Chinese speakers of English during a year's postgraduate study at universities in the UK. Improvements in oral and written data showed evidence of correlations between WM and L2 development. However, analysis of the data concludes that a year's immersion appears to favour processing existing grammatical knowledge rather than trigger acquisition of new grammatical knowledge, even for those with greater WM. This book will be useful for teachers and students of linguistics, interested in both generative and cognitive studies of SLA, as well as providing an accessible insight for classroom language teachers into the many issues affecting second language development for their students.
Interlanguage phonology : the acquisition of a second language sound system
Theories in Second Language Acquisition surveys the major theoretical approaches currently used in second language acquisition (SLA) research, providing a systematic and coherent presentation in a single source. Each chapter follows a consistent chapter model constructed around the same set of questions, including What is the Theory? What are the major constructs? What counts as evidence? What are the common misunderstandings about the theory? The answers to these questions are written at a basic level by a leading expert in the respective theoretical model. As a result, the volume as a whole presents complex ideas in an accessible manner. The book's methodical format allows for easy comparison of approaches. Topics of discussion throughout include: *early theories in SLA; *linguistic theory, universal grammar, and SLA; *the concept-oriented approach; *the associative-cognitive creed; *skill acquisition theory; and *processibility theory and autonomous induction.
Linguistics and second language acquisition
Research in second language acquisition : selected papers of the Los Angeles second language acquisition research forum
Finnish abstract.
Chinese university students' beliefs about second language acquisition
Cohesion in written cross-cultural communication : a case study of press releases written by Finnish and American language professionals in English
The Proficiency in Swedish of Finnish Speaking University Students : Status and Directions for the Future
Finnish comprehensive school pupils' language disposition : language shower as a means of diversifying language choices
Thesis and dissertation writing in a second language : a handbook for supervisors
Studies of fossilization in second language acquisition
Role of working memory in SLA : Factors affecting development in L2 English wh-questions
Interlingual processes
The acquisition of L2 phonology
The social turn in second language acquisition
Second language interaction
The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism provides a comprehensive survey of the field of multilingualism for a global readership, and an overview of the research which situates multilingualism in its social, cultural and political context. The handbook includes an introduction and five sections with thirty two chapters by leading international contributors. The introduction charts the changing landscape of social and ethnographic research on multilingualism (theory, methods and research sites) and it foregrounds key contemporary debates. Chapters are structured around sub-headings such as: early developments, key issues related to theory and method, new research directions. This handbook offers an authoritative guide to shifts over time in thinking about multilingualism as well as providing an overview of the range of contemporary themes, debates and research sites. The Routledge Handbook of Multilingualism is the ideal resource for postgraduate students of multilingualism, as well as those studying education and anthropology.
Second language acquisition by adult immigrants : an additional activity of the European Science Foundation. Final report volume 1, Ways of achieving understanding : communicating to learn in a second language
Emergent bilingual constructions : Finnish-Estonian codeswitching in interaction
"I've been raised to value the human equality" : Finnish as second language teachers' intercultural communication competence at the integration training of Vantaa Adult Education Institute
Dialogical view on language learners' agency : connecting intrapersonal with interpersonal
Second language identities /c David Block
"We really had a great week together, didn't we?" : the development of questions in texts written by adult learners of English as a second language
Profiles of second language learners in bilingual education : a comparative study of the characteristics of Finnish and American students
Motivating adult second language learners of English : from inhibition to expression
Motivational strategies as perceived and implemented by future L2 teachers : a comparison of two groups of Finnish university students
Second language productions
The Learner-centred curriculum : a study in second language teaching
Encyclopedia of language and education. Vol. 6, Knowledge about language
Subject-verb agreement of finite verbs in the present tense in written productions of Finnish secondary school learners of English as second language
Language acquisition and development : studies of learners of first and other languages
Second language teaching in multilingual classes : basic principles for primary schools
The dynamics of foreign versus second language development in Finnish writing
Written for students encountering the topic for the first time, this is a clear and practical introduction to second language acquisition (SLA). It explains in non-technical language how a second language is acquired; what the second language learner needs to know; and why some learners are more successful than others. The textbook introduces in a step-by-step fashion a range of fundamental concepts - such as SLA in adults and children, in formal and informal learning contexts, and in diverse socio-cultural settings - and takes an interdisciplinary approach, encouraging students to consider SLA from linguistic, psychological and social perspectives. Each chapter contains a list of key terms, a summary, and a range of graded exercises suitable for self-testing or class discussion. Providing a solid foundation in SLA, this book is set to become the leading introduction to the field for students of linguistics, psychology, and education, and trainee language teachers.
Artificial intelligence and error correction in second and foreign language pedagogy
"With all the spices, please!" : a study of the students in the Finnish study programmes using Finnish as their second language
Phonetics reduction in spontaneous speech : an investigation of native and non-native production
Psycholinguistics : a second language perspective
Second language acquisition : an introductory course
At the same time ... : the expression of simultaneity in learner varieties
Teaching English as a second or foreign language
Second language acquisition by adult immigrants : a field manual
Variation theory and second language acquisition
Understanding second language process
Perception and learning of Finnish quantity : study in children with reading disabilities and familial risk for dyslexia and Russian second-language learners
Scaffolded assistance provided by an EFL teacher during whole-class interaction
Vocabulary learning strategies used by upper secondary school students studying English as a second language
Second language acquisition and processing of Norwegian DP internal agreement
Teaching English as a second language : a book of readings
The affective dimension in second language acquisition
Portraits of the L2 user
The Routledge handbook of second language acquisition
Conversation analysis
This volume aims to provide a broad view of second language acquisition within a comparative perspective that addresses results concerning adult and child learners across a variety of source and target languages. It brings together contributions at the forefront of language acquisition research that consider a wide range of open questions: What are the precise mechanisms underlying acquisition? How can we characterize learners' initial state and predict their degree of final achievement? What role do specific (typological) properties of source and target languages play? How does fossilization occur? How does the relative complexity of cognitive systems in adult and child learners affect acquisition? Does language learning influence cognitive organization? Can language learning shed light on our general understanding of human language and language processing?
Exploring learner language
Experimenting with visual narratives
Can English become a dominant language for late Finnish-English bilinguals? : a case study
Friend or foe? : attitudes to and beliefs about English in Finland expressed by Finnish as a second language learners
