http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17010 oil companies
oil companies
Hedging of oil price risks in Norwegian market : business perspectives and effectiveness
Hubbert's peak : the impending world oil shortage
Pantaraxia : the autobiography of Nubar Gulbenkian
The new kings of crude : China, India, and the global struggle for oil in Sudan and South Sudan
Into the deep tough sea : for the strongest only
The aim of study was to investigate the petroleum companies in Iran and research the prospects, current security issues and some operational suggestions for Abloy Oy in the focused market. The qualitative method was utilized to obtain first-hand and in-depth primary information through online interviews and phone calls. The results showed that national Iranian oil companies are the main actors in the market while using mostly human based security personnel and not much of automatized systems, thus creating an opportunity for Abloy Oy to expand and develop its market share. However, the complicated culture of the public sector in Iran could create some barrier to cooperation, making it essential for Abloy Oy to use the assistance of a local, competent, and experienced agent to make this potential and profitable market accessible.
Oil, profits, and peace : does business have a role in peacemaking?
Since Spindletop : a human story of Gulf's first half-century
Risks, strengths and weaknesses of Russian oil and gas
Drowning in oil : BP and the reckless pursuit of profit
Administration of fiscal regimes for petroleum exploration and development
Neste : from oil to plastics
Black Gold
Oil and revolution in Mexico
Maximizing energy savings and minimizing costs
Crude domination : an anthropology of oil
Spills and spin : the inside story of BP
Oili : Neste Oil's in-house magazine
Promised land
Putin's kleptocracy : who owns Russia?
Petroleum companies in Iran as potential customer for Abloy Oy
Escaping the resource curse
Crude chronicles : indigenous politics, multinational oil, and neoliberalism in Ecuador
The geopolitics of energy import dependence : the evolution of India's energy foreign policy
Consumption & lies : corporate globalization, anthropology & the Niger Delta
The changing world of oil : an analysis of corporate change and adaptation
Adventure in oil : the story of British Petroleum
An appraisal of OPEC oil policies
Trillion dollar baby : how Norway beat the oil giants and won a lasting fortune
The interplay of internal and external interests in Russian involvement in the Lithuanian oil company Mazeikiu Nafta
Organizational transformation in the Russian oil industry
Putin's oil : the Yukos affair and the struggle for Russia
Optimal financing policy of the firm : a control-theoretic approach applied to selected oil-product distribution firms
The dynamics of energy in the Eurasian context
Working conditions at the IOI Group's palm oil estates in Malaysia : a follow-up study
A child of the Cold War : Soviet crude, American technology and national interests in the making of Finnish oil refining
Building a 'culture of dialogue' among stakeholders in North-West Russian oil extraction
Our industry petroleum : a handbook dealing with the organisation and functions of an integrated international oil company : with particular reference to the British Petroleum Company Limited
Those in peril
As I see it : the autobiography of J. Paul Getty
The politics of energy dependency : Ukraine, Belarus, and Lithuania between domestic oligarchs and Russian pressure, 1992-2012
Enterprise in oil : a history of Shell in the United States
The year is 1922. The Texas Oil Boom is in full swing. Spindletop was discovered 20 years ago, and most of the oil reserves in East Texas have been claimed. But a new drilling site in the Permian Basin has oil companies turning west, urging landowners to sink every last cent into petrileum. Now is your chance to find the next gusher before your neighbor beats you to it. Prepare to strain your overalls in Texas tea as you servey the barren landscape in search of Black Gold.
British government, Anglo-American oil companies and the case : the Finnish oil market during the cold war (1950-1970)
John D. Rockefeller : the heroic age of American enterprise. 1
Advances in hospitality and leisure. [Vol. 8]
Our industry petroleum : a handbook dealing with organisation and functions of an integrated international oil company ..
Adventure in oil : the story of British petroleum
Private empire : ExxonMobil and American power
Fossil fuels, oil companies, and indigenous peoples : strategies of multinational oil companies, states, and ethnic minorities : impact on environment, livelihoods, and cultural change
John D. Rockefeller : the heroic age of American enterprise. 2
The squeeze : oil, money and greed in the twenty-first century
Are Malaysian Oil & Gas Service Council's members aware of environment risk assessment? : approach from the theory of situational awareness and general understanding of environment awareness in Malaysia
The seven sisters : the great oil companies and the world they made
The prize : the epic quest for oil, money and power
Why we hate the oil companies : straight talk from an energy insider
Russian oil and gas : a multidimensional analysis from a European perspective
Esso oilways international
Russia's encounter with globalization : actors, processes and critical moments
The raging question in the world today is who is the real Vladimir Putin and what are his intentions. Karen Dawisha's brilliant work provides an answer, describing how Putin got to power, the cabal he brought with him, the billions they have looted, and his plan to restore the Greater Russia.
Beyond corporate social responsibility : oil multinationals and social challenges
Communication strategies used by 'British Petroleum (BP)' to deal with legitimacy before and after the Deepwater Horizon Accident
The Russian oil exports via the Baltic Sea : do oil shipments through the EU's inner sea bring Russia closer to the EU or bring them apart?
In too deep : BP and the drilling race that took it down
Treasure of Khan : [a Dirk Pitt novel]
Oil companies in the international system
Shell and the Niger Delta : between rhetoric and practice
Maritime history as global history
