http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p170 crimes against property
crimes against property offences against property
Swindling billions : an extraordinary history of the great money fraudsters
Property offences : the protection of property through the criminal law
Cargo theft prevention : a handbook for logistics security
Law and economics. Vol. 1
Crime types and criminals
Studying  fraud as white collar crime
A note on Finnish property criminality
Cybercrime : key issues and debates
"We are witnessing the greatest shift of wealth from poor to rich in history. In the United States alone, the wealthiest avoid paying an astonishing $53 billion in taxes each year. Nicholas Shaxson, in league with the Tax Justice Network, dives deep into the secret world of tax havens and takes us to hot spots from Switzerland to Panama to Delaware in a riveting narrative of how society loses through illegal tax evasion. With jaw-dropping stories and vivid explanations, Shaxson highlights the biggest players in the game, and shows how: - More than 12,750 foreign corporations get out of paying taxes each year by claiming to have offices in the same five-story building in the Cayman Islands. - One thousand children die every day as a result of illegal, trade related tax evasion. - Although billions are poured annually into Africa, corrupt officials there stow twice as much away in tax havens, making Africa a net creditor to the rest of the world. "--
A burglar's guide to the city
Private and public deterrence of predatory crime
The handbook of business security : a practical guide to managing the security risk
Law and economics : an introductory analysis
The map thief : the gripping story of an esteemed rare-map dealer who made millions stealing priceless maps
Criminology : a sociological introduction
Fundamentals of American law
White-collar crime : accounts of offending behaviour
Enron and world finance : a case study in ethics
Victimisation and fear in Finland 2003 : interim report of the 2003 national survey of victimisation to accidents, violence, property crime, and fear
OLAF at the crossroads : action against EU fraud
Forensic accountants investigate economic crimes, perform risk assessments, assist in all kinds of civil litigation, and provide expert testimony. This hands-on guide give you plain-English explanations of the concepts and methods of forensic accounting.
Investigating potential fraud - practical steps
Hidden criminality 1980 : a survey on reported and unreported offences against the person
Fraud auditing and forensic accounting : new tools and technigues
Introduction to Swiss law
Law and Economics
Principles of French law
Profit without honor : white-collar crime and the looting of America
Understanding victimology
Trusted criminals : white collar crime in contemporary society
Economic analysis of law
Commercial robbery : offender's perspectives on security and crime prevention
Global pirates : fraud in the offshore insurance industry
Handbook of loss prevention and crime prevention
Unemployment and gang crime : could prosperity backfire?
The Oxford handbook of crime and public policy
Introduction to Turkish law
Encompassing nearly 2,000 years of heists and tunnel jobs, break-ins and escapes, A Burglar's Guide to the City offers an unexpected blueprint to the criminal possibilities in the world all around us. You'll never see the city the same way again. At the core of A Burglar's Guide to the City is an unexpected and thrilling insight: how any building transforms when seen through the eyes of someone hoping to break into it. Studying architecture the way a burglar would, Geoff Manaugh takes readers through walls, down elevator shafts, into panic rooms, up to the buried vaults of banks, and out across the rooftops of an unsuspecting city. With the help of FBI Special Agents, reformed bank robbers, private security consultants, the L.A.P.D. Air Support Division, and architects past and present, the book dissects the built environment from both sides of the law. Whether picking padlocks or climbing the walls of high-rise apartments, finding gaps in a museum's surveillance routine or discussing home invasions in ancient Rome, A Burglar's Guide to the City has the tools, the tales, and the x-ray vision you need to see architecture as nothing more than an obstacle that can be outwitted and undercut. Full of real-life heists--both spectacular and absurd--A Burglar's Guide to the City ensures readers will never enter a bank again without imagining how to loot the vault or walk down the street without planning the perfect getaway.
Law and economics
The security handbook
Defining crimes : essays on the special part of the criminal law
The London hanged : crime and civil society in the eighteenth century
Lying, cheating, and stealing : a moral theory of white-collar crime
Security and loss prevention : an introduction
Cryoburn
Introduction to the law of Israel
Treasure islands : uncovering the damage of offshore banking and tax havens
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
The effects of unemployment on property crime : evidence from a period of unusually large swings in the business cycle
"If you are responsible for protecting your company's assets, then you know that risk assessment means more than simply identifying security vulnerabilities; it also means measuring their likelihood, prioritizing them, assessing their risk of occurrence, and measuring their impact on your organization's assets. Failure to consider all of these elements could constitute a violation of standard security industry practices. This valuable resource will help you develop the necessary strategies for conducting comprehensive risk assessments"--Publisher's website.
Crime and economy : proceedings; reports presented to the 11th Criminological colloquium (1994) : proceedings
Sefer Nezikin = The book of damages
This is the story of an infamous crime, a revered map dealer with an unsavory secret, and the ruthless subculture that consumed him. Maps have long exerted a special fascination on viewers, both as beautiful works of art and as practical tools to navigate the world. But to those who collect them, the map trade can be a cutthroat business, inhabited by quirky and sometimes disreputable characters in search of a finite number of extremely rare objects. Once considered a respectable antiquarian map dealer, E. Forbes Smiley spent years doubling as a map thief, until he was finally arrested slipping maps out of books in the Yale University library. This book delves into the untold history of this fascinating high-stakes criminal and the inside story of the industry that consumed him. The author, a reporter and magazine writer, has interviewed all the key players in this stranger-than-fiction story, and shares the fascinating histories of maps that charted the New World, and how they went from being practical instruments to quirky heirlooms to highly coveted objects. Though pieces of the map theft story have been written before, the author is the first reporter to explore the story in full, and had the rare privilege of having access to Smiley himself after he had gone silent in the wake of his crimes. Moreover, although Smiley swears he has admitted to all of the maps he stole, libraries claim he stole hundreds more, and offer intriguing clues to prove it. Now, through a series of exclusive interviews with Smiley and other key individuals, the author teases out an astonishing tale of destruction and redemption. The story interweaves Smiley's escapades with the stories of the explorers and mapmakers he knew better than anyone. Tracking a series of brazen thefts, and an obsessive subculture, the author has pieced together an unforgettable story of high-stakes crime.
Economics of crime : to what extent does probability of capture have a deterrent effect on acquisitive crimes in Finland?
No one would listen : a true financial thriller
Introduction to German law
Lacey, Wells and Quick Reconstructing criminal law : text and materials
The art and science of security risk assessment
Accident and crime victims in Finland 1997 : interim report of the 1997 national accident and crime victim survey
Property crime in Canada : an econometric study
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Crimes of the powerful : an introduction
"Despite efforts to tackle fraud and white collar crime, they still thrive in our society. This book explores the themes, theories and issues that are essential for understanding these crimes, using extensive examples drawn from recent events. This is an ideal guide to the changing landscape of fraud for students of Criminology and Sociology"--
Victims of crime in a time of change: Estonia 1993 and 1995
Violent property crime
Forensic accounting for dummies
