http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1705 sources of law
sources of law
The limits of judicial discretion in the European Court of Justice : security and foreign affairs issues
New directions in the law of the sea : documents
On law and reason
Abstract (s. 27).
International law : classic and contemporary readings
Precedent in Finland - paradigm in transition
Retention of title in the European Union and the Common Market
English private law
The nature of international law
Constitution of the United Kingdom : a contextual analysis
Interactive citation workbook for the Bluebook : a uniform system of citation and ALWD citation manual : teachers' manual
People's law and state law : the Bellagio papers
German legal system and laws
Methods of resolving conflicts between treaties
From data protection to knowledge machines : the study of law and informatics
Basic documents in international law
Abstract.
Public procurement : a harmonization of the national judicial review of the application of European Community law
English private law : first uppdating supplement
Blackstone's international human rights documents
Sourcebook on German law
Recueil des conventions (1951-1988) = Collection of conventions (1951-1988)
Unilateral acts of states : a source of law or just confusion?
Sources of international law
The construction of Europe : essays in honour of Emile Noël
The politics of international law
The reports of William Dalison, 1552-1558
The sources of Islamic law : Islamic theories of abrogation
Jurisprudence for the hotel, restaurant and tourism industry. Introduction
A uniform system of citation
Conflict of norms in public international law : how WTO law relates to other rules of international law
Crisis in the gulf : enforcing the rule of law
Fundamentals of legal research
Baker and Milsom sources of English legal history : private law to 1750
Dane & Thomas : how to use a law library : an introduction to legal skills ; by Philip A. Thomas, John Knowles ; with contributions  by Jennefer Aston ... [et al.]
The nature and sources of the law
Basic law : an introduction for students
Transnational commercial law : text, cases and materials
International uniform commercial law : towards a progressive consciousness
The legal framework for energy provisions in the European Union : with special regard to providing of energy provisions within the scope of Article 194(2) TFEU
Invitation to law
Sourcebook on French law
Chinese law and legal research
Danish business law
Introduction to Turkish law
Sources and categories of European Union law : a comparative and reform perspective
A history of American law publishing
Cite-Checker : a hands-on guide to learning citation form
Computer software and information licensing in emerging markets : the need for a viable legal framework
The digest of Justinian
The theory and practice of comparative legal reasoning : from inspiration to rational legal justification. Vol. 1, Law and concept of comparative legal reasoning
Legal research in a nutshell
International commercial agreements : a functional primer on drafting, negotiating and resolving disputes
Blackstone's statutes international law documents
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 2, Private international law : Sources
Principles of French law
The Iran - Iraq war (1980-1988) and the law of naval warfare
International law
On the sources of law
Rethinking the sources of international law
Addressing norm conflicts in a fragmented legal system : the doctrine of lex specialis
Private law sources and analogies of international law : (with special reference to international arbitration)
International criminal law. Vol. 1, Crimes
Cite-Checker : your guide to using the Bluebook
The bluebook : a uniform system of citation
The basis of legal justification
Legal research exercises : following The Bluebook : a uniform system of citation, seventh edition : to accompany Robert C. Berring's Finding the law and Cohen, Berring and Olson's How to find the law
Juricultural pluralism vis-à-vis treaty law : state practice and attitudes
Law and revolution : the formation of the western legal tradition
Reservations and interpretative declarations to multilateral treaties
General principles of law as applied by international courts and tribunals
Legal problem solving : analysis, research and writing
Impérialisme et chauvinisme juridiques : rapports présentés au colloque à l'occasion du 20e anniversaire de l'Institut suisse de droit comparé = Imperialism and chauvinism in the law : reports presented to a colloquium on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Swiss Institute of Comparative Law : Lausanne, 3-4 octobre 2002.
International legal structures
Sources to legal information in Norway
Find info like a pro. Volume 1, Mining the Internet's publicly available resources for investigative research
The death of international law?
Legal history and a common law for Europe : mystery, reality, imagination
Characteristics of human rights norms
The function of judicial decision in European economic integration
Extinctive prescription and applicable law in interstate arbitration
"Sort-of-Binding" : Finnish precedent as a source of law
International human rights and humanitarian law : treaties, cases and analysis
Sources of law : diversity and evolution : the Norwegian report
Documents on the laws of war
The sources of international law
Legal research exercises : following the Bluebook [;] a uniform system of citation
A source-book on French law : systems, methods, outlines of contract
This book, part of a series aiming to investigate the legal systems of ancient societies through a document-based, comparative approach, focuses on the study of archives and archival records and their interplay with the workings of administrative and political systems. The papers are arranged in four sections dealing with the Ancient Near East, Classical Greece, the Persian Tradition and the Hellenistic World, and the Roman Empire. The themes touched upon chronologically span from the early second millennium B.C. to the late Roman Empire and geographically range from Mesopotamia to the Western Mediterranean. The archives considered, public and private, are conspicuous for their variety and reflect diverse archival concepts and traditions but a number of common patterns also emerge in respect to their physical organization, to the classification of texts, the function of record-keeping and the role of seals. We are entitled to speak of a recurring "archival behaviour".
Effective legal research
Basic documents on international trade law
International law and human rights : good or bad for European Union Law?
"One size fits all" : consolidation and difference in itellectual property law
Reciprocity under the GNU General Public licenses
Introduction to Polish law
Sources of English legal history : private law to 1750
Assignments to accompany Fundamentals of legal research
International law : cases and materials
Law and legal system of the Russian Federation
Reasoning with rules and precedents : a computational model of legal analysis
How to use a law library
Appellate advocacy : principles and practice
Sources of English legal history : law, history and society in England and Wales 1750-1950
A thematic guide to documents on the human rights of women
Open source software law
Fact-finding in the maintenance of international peace
Cases and materials on international law
Handbook of legal information retrieval
Chinese law : social, political, historical and economic perspectives. 1, Basic concepts of Chinese law
Commercial law : text, cases, and materials
Hidden civil law : how can you know what the applicable law is?
International law. Vol. 2, Fundamentals of international law I
Dispute settlement in the World Trade Organization : practice and procedure
Theoretical reflections on the principled regulatory strategy : on the conditions of rationality in law-making
An introduction to Danish law
Introduction to Italian law
Precedent in English law
Sources of law, legal change, and ambiguity
Effective legal research : a practical manual of law books and their use
Law and the state in traditional East Asia : six studies on the sources of East Asian law
History of canon law
Sources of English legal and constitutional history
Customary law : are rumours of its death exaggerated? : the collective factor as a promoter of customary international law
Chinese law and legal theory
The Elgar companion to law and economics
Fontes historiae iuris gentium = Quellen zur Geschichte des Völkerrechts = Sources relating to the history of the law of nations. Bd. 2, 1493-1815
The process of legal research
Legal decisions and information systems
The World Trade Organization : law, practice, and policy
Manual of law librarianship : the use and organization of legal literature
Archives and archival documents in ancient societies : Trieste 30 September - 1 October 2011
Finding legal information : a guide to print and electronic sources
Quantitative analyses of law, a comparative empirical study : sources of law in Eastern and Western Europe
Information sources in law
