http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17048 learning to learn
learning to learn
Assessing learning-to-learn : a framework
Research-based teacher education in Finland : reflections by Finnish teacher educators
A curriculum for the pre-school child : learning to learn
Learning to learn : international perspectives from theory and practice
Summary (s. 11-19).
"Western and East Asian people hold fundamentally different beliefs about learning that influence how they approach child rearing and education. Reviewing decades of research, Dr Jin Li presents an important conceptual distinction between the Western mind model and the East Asian virtue model of learning. The former aims to cultivate the mind to understand the world, whereas the latter prioritizes the self to be perfected morally and socially. Tracing the cultural origins of the two large intellectual traditions, Li details how each model manifests itself in the psychology of the learning process, learning affect, regard of one's learning peers, expression of what one knows and parents' guiding efforts. Despite today's accelerated cultural exchange, these learning models do not diminish but endure"--
Facilitating work-based learnig : a handbook for tutors
Motor learning and control : concepts and applications
How to get a first : the essential guide to academic success
Where are the resources for lifelong learning?
Etelä-Pohjanmaan työttömien työkyvyn edistäminen -projekti 1997-1999. Opi oppimaan yleissivistävien aineiden avulla : andragogisen mallin sovellus = "Learn to learn by means of liberal studies"
How to study geography
European lifelong guidance policies : progress report 2013-14 : a report on the work of the European Lifelong Guidance Policy Network 2013-14
Integrating agriculture, conservation and ecotourism : societal influences
Deeper learning : 7 powerful strategies for in-depth and longer-lasting learning
The Youth Guarantee and lifelong guidance
Innovating to learn, learning to innovate
Jump start authentic problem-based learning
How to promote learning to learn in first foreign language classes in Finland
The challenges of educating people to lead in a challenging world
What is political economy? : a study of social theory and underdevelopment
Learning how to learn
Effective teaching in higher education
Summary.
Problem-based learning in social studies : problem-based learning (PBL) is an approach that challenges students to learn through engagement in real-life problems
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
"This book presents innovative instructional approaches for archaeological e-learning based on networked technologies, providing researchers, scholars, and professionals a comprehensive global perspective on the resources, development, application, and implications of information communication technology in multimedia-based educational products and services in archaeology"--Provided by publisher.
Expatriate experience as part of the life and career of the expatriate : a cross-cultural adjustment and learning perspective
Peer farmers' role in the adoption recommended practices : a study on demonstration farmers' and other farmers' influence on the acceptance of certain recommended farm and household practices in 15 eastern Finland neighborhoods
Effective learning and teaching in engineering
Promoting consumer education : trends, policies and good practices
"In this inspiring, humorous, and practical book he shows what you can do to help children of all ages develop into confident, thoughtful and independent learners. Based around the acronym ASK, this book explores attitudes, skills and knowledge to learning - what is required and how to develop these skills more effectively. It shows how to encourage independent thinking and a spirit of inquiry in your children. Highlights include: - The dangers of calling our children clever, bright and gifted; - The best ways to teach wisdom; - How to help children excel in exams; - Why curiosity did not kill the cat. With a foreword written by John Hattie, Encouraging Learning draws on research from some of the most respected experts on thinking and learning to identify the best ways to help children learn more effectively, efficiently and co-operatively. For everyone living or working with children - particularly teachers, parents, carers and youth workers - this book shows you some of the best ways to enhance children's learning, including how to question, praise, and encourage more effectively"--
To want to learn : insights and provocations for engaged learning
How to study : a short introduction
Learning to learn : strengthening study skills and brain power
Language learning strategies and learning how to learn in the upper level of comprehensive school : a study of English language textbooks and teacher's guides
How to promote learning to learn the first foreign language : piloting the Common European Framework of Reference in Finnish schools
Better competences through better teaching and leading : findings from study visits 2008/09
The 4-hour chef : the simple path to cooking like a pro, learning anything and living the good life
The book of dance
Coaching and mentoring : practical methods to improve learning
Self-determined learning : heutagogy in action
The firework-maker's daughter
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Teaching geography in primary schools : learning to live in the world
Activities for adults with learning disabilities : having fun, meeting needs
Building learning power : helping young people become better learners
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Facilitating problem-based learning : illuminating perspectives
Necessary conditions of learning
Second language learning strategies : a study of students attending an international degree program at university level
Building 101 ways to learning power
Summary (s. 3-4).
Learning for life in the 21st century : sociocultural perspectives on the future of education
'Practice makes perfect' : learning to learn in secondary school EFL textbooks
Validation of non-formal and informal learning in Europe : a snapshot 2007
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
Adult education policy in the European Union during the Lisbon decade : the shift to vocational adult learning and work skills matching
Summary (s. 179-189).
Human capital : how what you know shapes your life
The smart study guide : psychological techniques for student success
Social learning towards a sustainable world : principles, perspectives, and praxis
Rote learning, comprehension and participation by the learners in Zairian classrooms
"Developing Inquiry for Learning shows how university tutors can help students to improve their abilities to learn and to become professional inquirers. The number of students participating in Higher Education increases every year, along with the assumption that learning is a relatively passive process. University tutors need to have the tools to be able to respond to a modern teaching environment that demands a diverse spectrum of skills. They must be able to help students become collaborative learners and independently motivated rather than subsisting on a spoon-fed approach. In the innovative and practically proven approach developed by the authors of this book, students are guided to implement action research into their learning practices and reflections. Using a rolling programme of cyclical inquiries and whole group 'conferences' on improving learning, students write 'patches' on learning development which are then shared across the year group online. Each student's cumulative set of patches, together with their regular reflective writing, provide the basis for assembling a composite final assignment, a 'patchwork text', for assessment. This style of curriculum and assessment organization encourages regular peer feedback and formative assessment, as part of the whole module process. This is a dynamic approach which builds personal confidence within students both as learners and as professionals. Providing teaching materials and examples of students' responses, including the use of Blogs, Wikis and Discussion Boards, Developing Inquiry for Learning analyses and theorises on the deeper characteristics of the difficulties being addressed"-- Provided by publisher.
Learning to learn : the skill and will of college success
Teaching children to learn
Portfolio as a developer learning to learn and reflection in comprehensive school English studies
Learning to learn for life : research and practical examples for the Foundation Stage and Key Stage 1
Beyond learning by doing : theoretical currents in experiential education
Finnish primary school pupils' performance in learning to learn assessments : a longitudinal perspective on educational equity
Activities for adults with learning disabilities: Having fun, meeting needs
Summary (s. 9-11).
From policy to practice : a systemic change to lifelong guidance in Europe
Global geography : learning through development education at key stage 3
Teaching, learning and study skills
Teach smart : 11 learner-centered strategies that ensure student success
The first assessment : research in geographic education
Informed learning
The one minute teacher
The shift to learning outcomes : conceptual, political and practical developments in Europe
Abstract.
Summary (s. 7-9).
Using music to enhance student learning : a practical guide for elementary classroom teachers
The business student's handbook : developing transferable skills
Socio-emotional orientations and teacher change
Equipping Europeans for life : the key competences framework and its significance for Europe
Developing inquiry for learning : reflecting collaborative ways to learn how to learn in higher education
Personalising education
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
Student learning in physical education : applying research to enhance instruction
Piaget is dead, Vygotsky is still alive, or? : a[n] honorary book for professors Airi and Jarkko Hautamäki
The role of non formal education in transforming power relations and challenging gender : a critical case study of an alternative basic education programme in Alaba Kulito, Ethiopia
Cultural foundations of learning : East and West
Ambient learning and self authorship : human minds, cultural tools, immersive words
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Necessary Conditions of Learning presents a research approach (phenomenography) and a theory (the variation theory of learning) introduced and developed by Ference Marton and taken up by his wide and varied following around the world—together with their practical applications in educational contexts. Reflecting Marton's whole lifetime's work, the unique and significant contribution of this book is to offer an evidence-based answer to the questions "How do we make novel meanings our own?" and "How do we learn to see things in more powerful ways?"       The presentation makes use of hundreds of empirical studies carried out in Europe and Asia which build on the theory. The line of reasoning and the way in which the examples are put together is consistent with the theory—it is both presented and applied. The main argument is that in order to learn we have to discern, and to discern the intended ideas we must be presented with carefully structured variation, against a background of invariance. We then go through processes of contrast, generalization, and fusion in order to make sense. These insights form a practical framework for those who design teaching and teaching materials. Necessary Conditions of Learning is a major original work for which scholars of pedagogical theory have been waiting a long time.
E-learning methodologies and computer applications in archaeology
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Encouraging learning : how you can help children learn
Education for life and work : developing transferable knowledge and skills in the 21st century
