http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17044 professors
professors
The Faculty of Law at the University of Helsinki 1991
Professor August Robert Niemi and comparative folklore investigations of the Balts and Baltic Finns : papers of the international conference held on 1-2 December, 1994, Vilnius, Lithuania
J. J. Tikkanen and the teaching of art history / Johanna Vakkari
The rest has to be lived
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
The Experiment
The strain
The pelican brief
The Sultan of Byzantium
Conceptions and images of mathematics professors on teaching mathematics in school
Fredrik Barth : an intellectual biography
Kauko Rahkon liikenneteoreettiset julkaisut vuosilta 1984-1993 = Kauko Rahko's publications on traffic theory from 1984 to 1993
Albert Hämäläinen : champion of Finno-Ugrian ethnology
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 1, Mortimer in Tokyo
S lûbov'û k slovu : Festschrift in honour of professor Arto Mustajoki on the occasion of his 60th birthday
Wise women : reflections of teachers at midlife
Journey to the center of the earth
Professor Armi Kaila in memoriam
A wolf at the table : a memoar of my father
Amidst Latvians during the Holocaust
The incredible adventures of Professor Branestawm
Stitch Head
Forty years of theoretical physics : essays in honour of professor of tehoretical physics Keijo Kajantie on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday Janurary 31, 2000
" A safe and unique environment for our children to grouw up in"
Zombie labyrinth
The third gate : a novel
The professor of poetry
Motivating professors to teach effectively
Essays in honour of Ben Beinart. Vol. 1
The Sunset Limited
A wolf at the table  : a memoir of my father
The Japanese professor : an ethnography of a university faculty
A. R. Niemi, Finnish Literature Society (SKS) secretary 1900-1909
Goldsworthy Lowes Dickinson
The Radleys
The infinities
Teachers and mentors : profiles of distinguished twentieth-century professors of education
Ironic distances : Clas Zilliacus, chairman of the Lahti writers' reunion
The Summons
Shakespeare saved my life : ten years in solitary with The Bard
Professor Lauri Kettunen 60 years June 30, 1995.
Lions for lambs
The forgotten room : a novel
Confronting the frontiers of family and succession law : liber amicorum Walter Pintens
Eino Saari - visionary in forest economics
Focus on form : J. J. Tikkanen, Giotta and research in the 19th century
Yrjö Hirn as an antrophologist of art and literature : a memorial speech before the annual assembly of the Westermarck Society on March 21, 1952
The historian
The Quiet ones
Academic identities and policy change in higher education
The Strain. Volume 3, The fall
This book presents the analysis of the representative survey about the academic profession in twelve European countries. Higher education in Europe has experienced a substantial change in recent years: Expansion progresses further, the expectation to deliver useful contributions of knowledge to the “knowledge society” is on the rise, and efforts to steer academic work through external forces and strong international management are more widespread than ever. Representative surveys of the academic profession in twelve European countries show how professors and junior staff at universities and other institutions of higher education view the role of higher education in society and their professional situation and how they actually shape their professional tasks. Academics differ across Europe substantially in their employment and working conditions, their views and their activities. Most of them favour the preservation of a close link between teaching and research and feel responsible for both theory and practice. Most consider efforts to enhance academic quality and social relevance as compatible. The overall satisfaction with their professional situation is rather high. --Publisher's description.
Budapest diary : in search of the Motherbook
Tenure for Socrates : a study in thew betrayal of the American professor
Professors of the Old Anatomical Theatre of University of Tartu
The morning gift
Scientific publications of Pekka Neittaanmäki 1978-2016 : subject classification
The fall
How I came to write my books
Luettelo Kauko Rahkon julkaisuista vuosilta 1959-1993 = List of Kauko Rahko's publications from the year 1959 to 1993
Pertti Järvinen 60 vuotta työtä tieteen hyväksi = Pertti Järvinen 60 years work for science
University professors' view on school mathematics
The lost years
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
A life in science and society : a bibliography of Helge Gyllenberg 1945-2013
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
Lost memory of skin
The tell-tale heart
Life and times : 1959-91. Vol. 3, An imagened life
Ten years as professor in geodesy  in America
Six years
From music teacher to music educator : as seen through the eyes of Marjut Laitinen
The publications of professor Pekka Nuorteva
Collection includes issues #1–#4 of the acclaimed series and the short story The Silver angel / written drawn by David Lapham featured in Dark Horse Presents.
Professors of art history at universities in Finland / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
Scientific publications of Pekka Neittaanmäki 1978-2016
Academician Ilmari Hustich 70 years
The professoriate : profile of a profession
Booked : literature in the soul of me
The work situation of the academic profession in Europe : findings of a survey in twelve countries
Irrational man
Professori Lauri Paloheimon juhlajulkaisu = Jubilee issue in honour of professor Lauri Paloheimo
Edelleen Alice = Still Alice : /written for the screen and directed by Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland
The kindness of enemies
Student Perceptions of the Ethics of Professors
Introduction
The vertical hour
Leaves of grass
The 1920s : a decade of change in the life of Osvald Sirén / Minna Törmä
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
An inspiring encounter with professor Pons
Foreword
The global future of higher education and the academic profession : the BRICs and the United States
Through rose-coloured glasses : From the Soviet times to Independence. Recollections of an estonian professor emeritus
Research biography of Liisa Uusitalo : publications by year 1968-2012
Lies are a gentleman's manners
Dear committee members
Theatre professor through feminist theory : Josette Feral interviewed by Pirkko Koski
The Global Future of Higher Education and the Academic Profession focuses on the all-important emerging BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, and China) nations by analyzing the academic profession and particularly salaries and contracts. The professoriate is key to the success of any academic system, and this is the first book to carefully analyze academic systems and the academic profession. The academic profession must be adequately paid, and appointments to academic jobs must be based on merit and provide an effective career path for the 'best and brightest' to be attracted to the profession. The BRICs show a variety of approaches to academic careers-and none provide globally competitive salaries. China and Russia, in particular, pay academics poorly. Using purchasing power parity, this book is able to accurately compare the actual purchasing power of the academic profession. The book also analyzes how professors are appointed and promoted. While the BRICs may be emerging global economic powers, their academic systems still face significant challenges.
Kaarle Nordenstreng : viestintätieteen suurlähettiläs : ambassador of communication research = Kaarle Nordenstreng
Comparative perspectives on the academic profession
Tapani Valkonen : professor of Demography
Professors of art history at universities in Finland
Meet Ansgar Ohly [, University of Bayreuth]
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
Bibliography of Ludvigs Adamovičs
Strangers in paradise : academics from the working class
Beatrice Paolucci : shaping destiny through everyday life
The craft of teaching : a guide to mastering the professor's art
Hanna Snellman, professor of ethnology in Jyväskylä
Comparing research results on professors' conceptions of mathematics
Changing ideals in art history : Onni Okkonen and Lars Pettersson / Renja Suominen-Kokkonen
The Septimus wave
A serious man
Tiedenaisia = Vetenskapskvinnor = Women of learning
Professor Satō's three formulae. Part 2, Mortimer versus Mortimer
Cora Du Bois : anthropologist, diplomat, agent
A mediator between Russia and the West : V. Sesemann as a philosopher and semiotician
The humans
Beyond the glass ceiling : forty women whose ideas shape the modern world
