http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17142 militarism
militarism
Germany and the causes of the First World War
Images of women in peace and war : cross-cultural and historical perspectives
The Security trap : arms race, militarism and disarmament : a concern for Christians
Civil defense begins at home : militarization meets everyday life in the fifties
Scientists, business, and the state, 1890-1960
Militarization and demilitarization in contemporary Japan
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invade our lives
Honduras : state for sale
Israel's occupation has been transformed in the social media age. Violent politics are interwoven with global networking practices, protocols, and aesthetics. Israeli soldiers carry smartphones into the field of military operations, sharing mobile uploads in real time. Official Israeli military spokesmen announce wars on Twitter. And civilians encounter state violence first on their news feeds and mobile screens. Across the globe, the ordinary tools of social networking have become indispensable instruments of warfare and violent conflict. This book traces the rise of Israeli digital militarism in a global context—both the reach of social media into Israeli military theaters and the occupation's impact on everyday Israeli social media culture. Today, social media functions as a crucial theater in which the Israeli military occupation is supported and sustained.
Beyond terror : the truth about the real threats to our world
Strategy and history : essays on theory and practice
Militant Islamist ideology : understanding the global threat
Germany on the march : a reinterpretation of war and domestic politics over the past two centuries
Mexican militarism : the political rise and fall of the revolutionary army 1910-1940
The militarization of the western world
The myth of American diplomacy : national identity and U.S. foreign policy
Militarism : the history of an international debate 1861-1979
The spirit of 1914 : militarism, myth and mobilization in Germany
War, identity and the liberal state : everyday experiences of the geopolitical in the armed forces
The military and militarism in Israeli society
Maneuvers takes readers on a global tour of the sprawling process called "militarization." With her incisive verve and moxie, eminent feminist Cynthia Enloe shows that the people who become militarized are not just the obvious ones - executives and factory floor workers who make fighter planes, land mines, and intercontinental missiles. They are also the employees of food companies, toy companies, clothing companies, film studios, stock brokerages, and advertising agencies. Militarization is never gender-neutral, Enloe claims: It is a personal and political transformation that relies on ideas about femininity and masculinity. Films that equate action with war, condoms that are designed with a camouflage pattern, fashions that celebrate brass buttons and epaulettes, tomato soup that contains pasta shaped like Star Wars weapons - all of these contribute to militaristic values that mold our culture in both war and peace. Presenting new and groundbreaking material that builds on Enloe's acclaimed work in Does Khaki Become You? and Bananas, Beaches, and Bases, Maneuvers takes an international look at the politics of masculinity, nationalism, and globalization. Enloe ranges widely from Japan to Korea, Serbia, Kosovo, Rwanda, Britain, Israel, the United States, and many points in between. She covers a broad variety of subjects: gays in the military, the history of "camp followers," the politics of women who have sexually serviced male soldiers, married life in the military, military nurses, and the recruitment of women into the military. One chapter titled "When Soldiers Rape" explores the many facets of the issue in countries such as Chile, the Philippines, Okinawa, Rwanda, and the United States. Enloe outlines the dilemmas feminists around the globe face in trying to craft theories and strategies that support militarized women, locally and internationally, without unwittingly being militarized themselves. She explores the complicated militarized experiences of women as prostitutes, as rape victims, as mothers, as wives, as nurses, and as feminist activists, and she uncovers the "maneuvers" that military officials and their civilian supporters have made in order to ensure that each of these groups of women feel special and separate.
A companion to World War II. Volume 2
Wounding the world : how military violence and war-play invades our lives
The marketing of war in the age of neo-militarism
The soldier and the state : the theory and politics of civil-military relations
Park Chung Hee and modern Korea : the roots of militarism 1866-1945
The sorrows of empire : militarism, secrecy, and the end of the republic
Cities under siege : the new military urbanism
Joyce and militarism
Fundamentalisms and the state : remaking polities, economies, and militance
Proto-fascism in America : neoliberalism and the demise of democracy
The development of military thought : the nineteenth century
Women and the military system : proceedings of a symposium arranged by the International Peace Bureau and Peace Union of Finland
"In its various manifestations, the campaign to end child soldiering has brought graphic images of militarized children to popular consciousness. In the main, this has been a campaign that has seemed to speak to African contexts without as much reflection on the myriad ways in which the lives of children are militarized in advanced (post)industrial societies. Proceeding from this quite striking omission, the contributors to this volume move beyond the usual focus on the global South. Making what will be an important contribution to a much needed critical turn in the vast and still rapidly growing child soldier literature, they address multifarious ways in which childhood is militarized beyond the global South through enactments of militarism that have drawn much less in the way of critical inquiry"--
Militarism and anti-militarism
Provincial life and the military in imperial Japan : the phantom samurai
Militarism and fascism in Japan
Normalizing Japan : politics, identity, and the evolution of security practice
Oh, say, can you see? : the semiotics of the military in Hawai'i
Greek commanders in the 5th and 4th centuries B.C : politics and ideology : a study of militarism
Citizenship rites : feminist soldiers and feminist antimilitarists
Economic globalisation as religious war : tragic convergence
Anticipating total war : the German and American experiences, 1871-1914
A companion to World War II
Between militarism and technocratic governance : state formation in contemporary Uganda
This Discussion Paper is based on a conceptual and analytical reading of cases of unconstitutional change of government in Africa. It provides a deep and up-to-date exploration of the prospects for democratic consolidation on the continent against the backdrop of an upsurge in unconstitutional changes of government. Rather than focus only on the internal threats to democracy in Africa, the author also analyses the role of neighbouring states, regional organisations and hegemonic forces within the international community in advancing or limiting democracy. In this regard, this work sheds light on why the pursuit of the liberal democratic project in Africa has so far appeared to alienate ordinary people, while providing space for dominant elites to tamper with democratic institutions and processes, which then work against popular participation and democratic development. This paper is essential reading for scholars, policy practitioners, analysts and all those with an interest in the prospects for democracy in Africa.
Allah o Akbar : a journey through militant Islam
International security and gender
Warfare state : Britain, 1920-1970
Power in the 21st century : conversations with John A. Hall
Political currents
In the sobering aftermath of America's invasion of Iraq, documentarian Jarecki launches a penetrating inquiry into how forces within the American political, economic, and military systems have come to undermine the carefully crafted structure of our republic--upsetting its balance of powers, vastly strengthening the hand of the president in taking the nation to war, and imperiling the workings of American democracy. Surveying a scorched landscape of America's military adventures and misadventures, Jarecki's account includes interviews with leading figures in the Bush administration, Congress, the military, academia, and the defense industry. Their insights expose the deepest roots of American war making. As Jarecki powerfully argues, only concerted action by the American people can, and must, compel the nation back on course.--From publisher description.
Camouflage isn't only for combat : gender, sexuality, and women in the military
The ethics of war
Masters of war : militarism and blowback in the era of American empire
In the United States, the question of women in the armed services has been continuously and hotly debated. Among feminists, two fundamentally differing views of women in the military have developed. Feminist antimilitarists tell us that militarism and patriarchy have together pressed women into second class citizenship. Meanwhile, feminist soldiers and their advocates regard martial service as women's right and responsibility and the ticket to first class citizenship. Citizenship Rites investigates what is at stake for women in these debates. Exploring the perspectives of both feminist antimilitarists and feminist soldiers, Ilene Feinman situates the current combat controversy within the context of the sea change in United States politics since the 1970s-from ERA debates over drafting women to recent representations of military women such as the film GI Jane. Drawing on congressional testimony, court cases, feminist and antiracist political discourse, and antimilitarist activism, Feinman addresses our pressing need for an analysis of women's increasing inclusion in the armed forces while providing a provocative investigation of what this changing role means for women and society alike.
Absolute destruction : military culture and the practices of war in Imperial Germany
Militarizing men : gender, conscription, and war in post-Soviet Russia
The Iran threat : President Ahmadinejad and the coming nuclear crisis
Report of the 4th International Congress of antimilitarist ministers and clergymen, Edinburgh, June 29 - July 1, 1937
Women soldiers : images and realities
Globalization and militarism : feminists make the link
Maneuvers : the international politics of militarizing women's lives
The Internet and anti-military activism in Russia
The political economy of conflict in South Asia
The embrace of unreason : France, 1914-1940
In this book Michael Mann reflects on the meaning of his project as a whole, both as a contribution to social theory and as a guide to the options and constraints that face the contemporary world now and in the near future. He gives sustained attention to the situation of the United States, the nature of the challenge that may come from China, the unrestrained and perhaps unrestrainable power of finance, and the looming crisis of environmental degradation.
The military and militarism in Africa
Turkish state, Turkish society
Post-military society : militarism, demilitarization and war at the end of the twentieth century
The pity of war
Buddhism and violence : militarism and Buddhism in modern Asia
Latin America and the illusion of peace
The art of political warfare
"Thinking beyond the global South and recognizing that militarism circulates and interpenetrates childhood experience in ways that are much less conspicuous than child soldiering raises questions of critical relevance to but not yet taken up in the disciplinary study of international relations. The contributors to this volume inquire into the relationship between militarism and childhood in advanced (post)industrial societies and ask what can be learned about its sources and implications. Together they provide an important corrective to too narrow a focus on zones of conflict that might make it seem as though militarism operates through the lives of children only in distant and politically fraught places"--
Militarism and the world military order : a study guide for churches
For South Koreans, the twenty years from the early 1960s to late 1970s were the best and worst of times--a period of unprecedented economic growth and of political oppression that deepened as prosperity spread. In this masterly account, Carter J. Eckert finds the roots of South Korea's dramatic socioeconomic transformation in the country's long history of militarization--a history personified in South Korea's paramount leader, Park Chung Hee.--
Rethinking the man question : sex, gender and violence in international relations
The terrorism trap : September 11 and beyond
Ideas of masculinity and femininity become sharply defined in war-reliant societies, resulting in a presumed enmity between men and women. This so-called "battle of the sexes" is intensified by the use of misogyny to encourage men and boys to conform to the demands of masculinity. These are among Tom Digby's fascinating insights shared in Love and War, which describes the making and manipulation of gender in militaristic societies and the sweeping consequences for men and women in their personal, romantic, sexual, and professional lives.
The military revolution : military innovation and the rise of the West, 1500-1800
The new imperialism
The invention and decline of Israeliness : state, society, and the military
Private security companies during the Iraq War : military performance and the use of deadly force
Incoherent empire
Digital militarism : Israel's occupation in the social media age
Militant Islam : a sociology of characteristics, causes and consequences
Women and war
The myth of the military-nation : militarism, gender, and education in Turkey
Secret state, silent press : new militarism, the Gulf and the modern image of warfare
Social change and political transformation
Heavenly warriors : the evolution of Japan's military, 500-1300
The dark valley : a panorama of the 1930s
The war at home : the domestic costs of Bush's militarism
Arms and the woman : war, gender, and literary representation
States, war and capitalism : studies in political sociology
The people in arms : military myth and national mobilization since the French Revolution
Cultures of antimilitarism : national security in Germany and Japan
The mission : waging war and keeping peace with America's military
What makes women sick? : maternity, modesty, and militarism in Israeli society
A feminist reading of gender and national memory at the Yasukuni shrine
Violence today : actually-existing barbarism
Pinochet : the politics of power
Caudillism and militarism in Venezuela, 1810-1910
Militarism and women in South Asia
Arthur Schnitzler and politics
Militarism and global ecology : ideas in conflict
A history of militarism : civilian and military
Planetary politics : human rights, terror, and global society
Manufactured masculinity : making imperial manliness, morality and militarism
Militarism and Israeli society
Militarism : rule without law
War and the body : militarisation, practice and experience
Love and war : how militarism shapes sexuality and romance
Gendering NATO : a feminist analysis of a military organization
An exploration of how Joyce uses militaristic ideologies in dealing with such topics as education, athletics, and family life.
Military geographies
Bad faith : the danger of religious extremism
War and gender : how gender shapes the war system and vica versa
Military culture and popular patriotism in late imperial Austria
The militarization of childhood : thinking beyond the global south
Gender, war, and militarism : feminist perspectives
The new American militarism : how Americans are seduced by war
Frontline feminisms : women, war, and resistance
Soldiers in the proletarian dictatorship : the Red Army and the Soviet socialist state, 1917-1930
CITY & TOWN PLANNING - ARCHITECTURAL ASPECTS. Cities are the new battleground of our increasingly urban world. From the slums of the global South to the wealthy financial centers of the West, Cities Under Siege traces the spread of political violence through the sites, spaces, infrastructure and symbols of the worlds rapidly expanding metropolitan areas.Drawing on a wealth of original research, Stephen Graham shows how Western militaries and security forces now perceive all urban terrain as a conflict zone inhabited by lurking shadow enemies. Urban inhabitants have become targets that need to be continually tracked, scanned and controlled. Graham examines the transformation of Western armies into high-tech urban counter-insurgency forces. He looks at the militarization and surveillance of international borders, the use of security concerns to suppress democratic dissent, and the enacting of legislation to suspend civilian law.
Gameplay mode : war, simulation, and technoculture
From revolutionaries to citizens : antimilitarism in France, 1870-1914
"From acclaimed biographer and cultural historian, author of For the Soul of France ("Masterful history...hard to put down."-Henry Kissinger); Zola ("Magnificent." --The New Yorker); and Flaubert ("Impeccable."-James Wood, cover, The New York Times Book Review)-a brilliant reconsideration of the events and the political, social, and religious movements that led to France's embrace of Fascism and anti-Semitism. Frederick Brown explores the tumultuous forces unleashed by the Dreyfus Affair, and examines how the clashing ideologies and the blood-soaked political scandals and artistic movements following the horror of World War I resulted in the country's era of militant authoritarianism; and how rioting, violent racism, and nationalistic fervor overtook France's sense of reason, sealed its fate, and led to the rise of the Vichy government. We see how the French intelligentsia turned away from the humanistic traditions and rationalistic ideals of the Enlightenment in favor of submission to authority that stressed patriotism, militarism, and xenophobia; how French conservatives attempted to rebuild and reshape the country's collective identity as the German threat loomed, as mistrust of the parliamentary Republic increased (a result of its illegal financial mismanagement of the building of the Panama Canal, and nostalgia for a monarchial government and the glories of wartime martyrdom); how the generation that came of age in the trenches, under fire, offered a new vision, and saw salvation in the surrender of reason to instinct. Brown masterfully brings to life Europe's-and France's-darkest modern years"--
Japan's military masters : the army in Japanese life
Sexism and the war system
Ethnic militias and the threat to democracy in post-transition Nigeria
American way of war : guided missiles, miguided men, and a republic in peril
Unconstitutional changes of government in Africa : what implications for democratic consolidation?
The terrorist in search of humanity : militant Islam and global politics
Militant Islam reaches America
The university in chains : confronting the military-industrial-academic complex
Examining the interplay between popular patriotism and military culture in late imperial Austria, this volume asks two key questions: how far did imperial Austrian society experience a process of militarization comparable to that of other European countries; and how far did the military sphere foster popular patriotism in the multinational state?
Civil-military relations : regional perspectives
Capitalists and conquerors : a critical pedagogy against empire
The military in African politics
