http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17168 capability
capability
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
Consonant clusters in English and Finnish
Judgment under uncertainty: heuristics and biases
The expressions of attitude
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
Mathematical disabilities : a cognitive neuropsychological perspective
SOFTWARE PURCHASING PROFESSIONAL : Identifying Competences and Capabilities in Software Purchasing
Succeed as a superior
Dynamic capabilities in Finnish healthcare market : organizational adaptation to environmental changes
Competencies at work : providing a common language for talent management
The origins of human competence : the final report of the Harvard preschool project
Capabilities equality : basic issues and problems
Practice perfect : 42 rules for getting better at getting better
CMMI : improving software and systems development processes using Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI-DEV)
Competency-based vocational education : a case study
Changing business model of an internationalised software firm : capabilities required in a successful shift from product to solution business
Motivation, a controversial issue in health care settings, is studied from several angles and perspectives in an attempt to find out the right levers to enhance it. However, as motivation is an internal state, direct observation or measurement is difficult. Therefore, research heads towards studying the factors that influence motivation. This paper joins numerous other studies by analyzing nurses' intrinsic motivation from the perspective of perceived autonomy, competence and relatedness.     This study uses Self-Determination Theory, which implies that workers are motivated intrinsically if they have a sense of control over their work environment, and opportunities to voice their opinions, if they feel competent in their work and challenged by it, and if they feel integrated and part of the team. Four nurses with different work experience backgrounds were interviewed about their understanding of autonomy and competence, and the factors contributing to the enhancement of these. The respondents were also asked to indicate what they perceive as supporting the development of autonomy and competence. In addition, the respondents were asked to comment on the relationship with their coworkers. The data gathered through the four theme interviews was analyzed using the qualitative content method.    The findings of this research reveal that nurses were in general satisfied with their level of autonomy. They felt competent as concerns their professional requirements and were positively challenged by their work. They stressed the importance of knowledge, experience, work environment and supervisory style in developing autonomy and competence. The respondents acknowledged the role of their colleagues in their work life and the impact that the relationship with coworkers has on their well-being.       The insights into the participants' views of autonomy, competence and relatedness prove the importance of these needs for the intrinsic work motivation of nurses. Hence, the management should focus on these issues in order to have motivated workforce.     Keywords: nurses' intrinsic motivation, autonomy, competence, relatedness, self-determination theory.
Finding your element : how to discover your talents and passions and transform your life
Smarter faster better : the transformative power of real productivity
The mismeasure of man
Anders Ericsson has spent thirty years studying The Special Ones, the geniuses, sports stars and musical prodigies. And his remarkable finding, revealed in Peak, is that their special abilities are acquired through training. The innate gift of talent is a myth. Exceptional individuals are born with just one unique ability, shared by us all the ability to develop our brains and bodies through our own efforts.
The concept of organizational competence - a foundational analysis
The mathematical ability : experimental and factorial studies
Delivery capability in rapid productisation
Hereditary genius : an inquiry into its laws and consequences
The Competency casebook : twelve studies in competency-based performance improvement
Inquiries into human faculty and its development
Multipliers : how the best leaders make everyone smarter
Trust the process : an artists guide to letting go
Inclusive talent management : how business can thrive in an age of diversity
Phonological awareness and acquisition of spelling in the first school years
On the ability structure of the deaf
Software process capability and maturity determination : BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
Talent leadership : a proven method for identifying and developing high-potential employees
Leadership : all you need to know
The sweetest spell
Entrepreneurship for everyone? Neoliberal governance, educability and social differences in the school's entrepreneurship education.
Spatial ability and learning to program
Ethnically diverse patients’ perceptions and expectations on the importance of culturally competent care in primary health care settings : A Literature Review
A survey of the Finnish mechanized tree-planting industry in 2013 and its success factors
Nurturing giftedness in young children
The talent management handbook : creating a sustainable competitive advantage by selecting, developing, and promoting the best people
Capabilities for managing project alliances
Teaching able, gifted and talented children : strategies, activities and resources
This study investigates young children's views of successful learning situations in their classroom activities and factors that contribute to their achievement in those situations. It is investigated how self-regulated learning is supported in these situations and how children appraise support as part of their success.The study consists of three different data sets that are reported in three empirical articles. The first empirical study investigated resilience displayed by young children in dyadic task performance. The second empirical study investigated views and appraisals that primary school children give to their success in classroom learning activities and how self-regulated learning is supported in the classrooms. The third empirical study investigated how primary school children appraise the reasons for their peers' successes in learning situations. The data collection methods include video observations, stimulated recall interviews and photo elicitation interviews.The results of this dissertation indicated that success in learning activities results from individual and external factors. Among the individual assets that children bring to learning situations, the support that children receive from their teachers and peers were crucial for successful achievement. This study showed that, in general, the children's self-regulated learning was supported in the classroom, especially through the support from a teacher and non-threatening evaluation. Children described their success through concrete actions that they took in the situations, such as the ability to accomplish the particular tasks or doing academic activities in order to achieve the task. The methodological findings indicate that it is possible to develop child-centred participatory methods in learning research. Results of this study contribute to the discussion of how successful learning experiences andself-regulated learning can be supported in the first years of primary school.
Methodologies for conducting research on giftedness
Changes in ability as related to educational and occupational experience
Assessment of children's intelligence and special abilities
Proactive marketing : concept development and empirical analysis
Expertise and skills acquisition : the impact of William G. Chase
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Young children’s success in learning situations:actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
The structure of human abilities
So good they can't ignore you : why skills trump passion in the quest for work you love
Picasso's brain
The Talent code : greatness isn't born it's grown here's how
Silence : hot but quiet topic on the arena of management and control
Measuring organizational capabilities in the engineering and consulting industry
The Rose society : a Young elites novel
Differentiation of primary mental abilities
Best practices in talent management : how the world's leading corporations manage, develop, and retain top talent
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
Amartya Sen's work and ideas : a gender perspective
Supply chain adaptation of Finnish companies in Chinese institutional environment
Educational Interventions to Improve Nurses’ and Nursing Students’ Cultural Competence  : A Literature Review
Creating dynamic capabilities : R&D network management for globally distributed research and development in the software industry
The talent code : greatness isn't born, it's grown
Principles of abilities and human learning
Talent management: Myth or Reality in Today's SMEs : A study into the importance and use of talent management within small and medium-sized enterprises
The aim of the study was to update the information pertaining to mechanized tree-planting activity in Finland in 2013 and its success factors. All businesses providing a mechanized tree-planting service were interviewed and asked to describe their equipment and activities, identify critical success factors (CSFs), and suggest areas for improvement. In 2013, 31 planting machines (18 Bracke P11.a, 11 M-Planter and 2 Risutec) operated by 22 businesses planted approximately 4.7 million seedlings on 2663 hectares. CSFs included expertise of planting machine operators, high quality planting, adequate amount of work, stoniness, and removal of slash. Based on the survey, some recommendations for improving mechanized planting work can be made. Firstly, improving the cost-efficiency of mechanized planting is necessary to enhance businesses' profitability. Secondly, worksite selection is crucial as stoniness, stumps and slash debris diminish productivity. Lastly, the popularity of mechanized planting in the future will benefit from more marketing. Many businesses were unwilling to increase the area of service, invest in new equipment, or increase the volume of planting work but they believed that mechanized planting will become more popular in the near future..
Gifted young children : a guide for teachers and parents
Bounce : Mozart, Federer, Picasso, Beckham and the science of success
Nurses' intrinsic motivation to work : a study on autonomy, competence and relatedness
Geeks and geezers : how era, values, and defining moments shape leaders
Developing management skills for Europe
Understanding expertise : a multi-disciplinary approach
Young children's success in learning situations : actions, views and appraisals in learning contexts
The young elites
A capability-based view of organisational renewal : combining opportunity- and advantage-seeking growth in large, established European and North American wood-industry companies
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd
On leadership : practical wisdom from the people who know
In examining questions like these, Professor Fernand Gobet provides a comprehensive overview of the field of expertise. With research from a wide range of disciplines, including psychology, neuroscience, sociology, philosophy, education, law and artificial intelligence, this is the definitive guide to the subject.
Handbook for measurement and evaluation in early childhood education
The effect of dynamic capabilities on operational-level innovation : empirical study in magazine publishing industry
Better under pressure : how great leaders bring out the best in themselves and others
Ready, steady, jump!
Peak : secrets from the new science of expertise
The nature of expertise
Coaching competencies and corporate leadership
Human abilities : an information-processing approach
Mastering personal and interpersonal skills : key techniques for effective decision-making and personal success
Capable workplace learning
Talent. You've either got it or you haven't'. Not true, actually. This book draws on research to reveal that, far from being some abstract mystical power fixed at birth, ability really can be created and nurtured. It explains what is really going on when apparently unremarkable people suddenly make a major leap forward
The concept of organizational competence : a foundational analysis
The talent equation : big data lessons for navigating the skills gap and building a competitive workforce
NLP business masterclass : skills for realizing human potential
Wisdom : explorations in adult competence
Success and understanding
Utilizing research in the practice of personnel selection : general mental ability, personality, and job performance
Foreign direct investment, technology spillovers, absorptive capability and economic growth
Understanding and changing your management style : assessments and tools for self-development
Strategic talent management : contemporary issues in international context
Ability grouping in education
Software process capability and maturity determination:BOOTSTRAP methodology and its evolution
Talent : making people your competitive advantage
What you're really meant to do : a roadmap for reaching your unique potential
The executive guide to high-impact talent management : powerful tools for leveraging a changing workforce
Engineering students' proficiency in electromagnetics : role of procedural and conceptual knowledge, and mathematics anxiety in learning of electromagnetics
In this extraordinary eye-opening account, Georgetown University professor Dr. Calvin Newport debunks the long-held traditonal notion that 'following your passion' is good career advice.
Geometrical ability and the space factors in boys and girls
Finding the next Steve Jobs : how to find, keep and nurture creative talent
The art of scouting : how the hockey experts really watch the game and decide
Smarter, faster better : the secrets of being productive in life and business
Fostering children's cognitive competence through mediated learning experiences : frontiers and futures
Business process management capabilities
Identifying children with special needs : checklists and action plans for teachers
The psychology of high abilities
Social skills and work
Implementation of capability-based strategy in a networked process organisation : a constructive case study from CRM-process
Competence perspectives on managing internal processes
Teaching tactical creativity in sport : research and practice
