http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17134 genres
genres
Reading for form
Modes of co-reference as an indicator of genre
World cinema through global genres
Children's literature : a very short introduction
The best of Bob Dylan volume 2
Good fiction guide
Testing a spectral-based feature set for audio genre classification
Towards a holistic interpretation of musical genre classification
Zaroždenie istoriopisaniâ v obŝestvah Drevnosti i Srednevekov'â = The beginnings of historical writing in Ancient and Medieval societies
Contemporary dystopian fiction for young adults : brave new teenagers
American film genres
Structure and dissolution in English writing, 1910-1920
Difficult men : behind the scenes of a creative revolution : from The Sopranos and The Wire to Mad Men and Breaking Bad
Science fiction
Fantasy : the liberation of imagination
Beloved magical creatures : conflicts of romance in Harry Potter fan fiction
Satire : origins and principles
Dracula and the Gothic in literature, pop culture and the arts
The migratory legends : a proposed list of types with a systematic catalogue of the Norwegian variants
Reading and gender in the British spy novel as represented in Evelyn Anthony's Albatross and Colin Forbes's The Janus Man
The genres of Gulliver's travels
Media studies : an introduction
Intent upon reading : a critical appraisal of modern fiction for children
"Hej Seppo, could you pls comment on this!" : internal email communication in lingua franca English in a multinational company
Context, genre and translation: A view from institutional discourse
Bloomsbury good reading guide
Tech-noir film : a theory of the development of popular genres
Utopias and the environment
Science fiction : a very short introduction
This volume brings together fourteen articles that reappraise the productivity of Stoker's Dracula and the strong influence it still exerts on today's generations. The volume explores various multimodal and multimedia adaptations of the book, by critically examining its literary, cinematic, theatrical, televised and artistic versions. In so doing, it reassesses the origins, evolution, imagery, mythology, theory and criticism of Gothic fiction and of the Gothic (sub)culture. The volume is innovative in that it congregates various angles to the Gothic phenomenon, providing an overview of the interdisciplinary relationships between different cultural, artistic and creative reworkings of the Gothic in general and of Stoker's legacy in particular.
Romantic screenplays 101
"From Martians to Goa'uld and Ori" : translator's (in)visibility in translating the novum
The forms of autobiography : episodes in the history of a literary genre
The poetics of Norman Mailer's nonfiction : self-reflexivity, literary form, and the rhetoric of narrative
Feeling film : affect and authenticity in popular cinema
Dramatic dialogue : the duologue of personal encounter
The teaching portfolio as a hybrid genre : local and global influences
Film studies : an introduction
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Westerns : aspects of a movie genre
Bloomsbury encyclopedia of popular music of the world. Volume 10, Genres: Middle East and North Africa
Music style preference: a ranking of musical styles and comparison by age, gender, music training, and rural, suburban, or urban upbringing
Beyond genre : new directions in literary classification
Genre features of patent applications
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
The importance of science fiction to undergraduate literary studies cannot be underestimated. Its capacity to challenge students' social, political and cultural perspectives makes it invaluable in highlighting the contingent nature of contemporary society and the potential for change. Teaching Science Fiction is the first book in thirty years to address how science fiction might be taught to this effect. It presents comprehensive treatments of the major phases in the development of the genre including the scientific romance, Golden Age science fiction, the New Wave and science fiction's engagement with the postmodern. The book identifies and explores innovative teaching strategies which will both engage and challenge students whilst providing practical advice on how an sf course can be designed, delivered and evaluated. Sample syllabuses, a detailed chronology, a compact history of the genre and an extensive bibliography make this an invaluable guide for anyone teaching, or considering teaching, science fiction at undergraduate level.
Anime : a history
Genre and institutions : social processes in the workplace and school
The World War II combat film : anatomy of a genre
Hermetic roots of Marsilio Ficino’s anthropocentric thought
1000 books to change your life
Individuals’ Use of E-Mail Communication Genres in Open Source Software Community Building
Tell me true : memoir, history, and writing a life
The television genre book
Fleetwood Mac : 40 years of creative chaos
American and Chinese-language cinemas : examining cultural flows
Biography and source studies. [Vol. 2]
Genres on the web : computational models and empirical studies
Roleplaying game genres
Rock & pop : the complete story
The writer's advantage : a toolkit for mastering your genre
World Cinema through Global Genres introduces the complex forces of global filmmaking using the popular concept of film genre. The cluster-based organization allows students to acquire a clear understanding of core issues that apply to all films around the world.   Innovative pedagogical approach that uses genres to teach the more unfamiliar subject of world cinema A cluster-based organization provides a solid framework for students to acquire a sharper understanding of core issues that apply to all films around the world A "deep focus" section in each chapter gives students information and insights about important regions of filmmaking (India, China, Japan, and Latin America) that tend to be underrepresented in world cinema classes Case studies allow students to focus on important and accessible individual films that exemplify significant traditions and trends A strong foundation chapter reviews key concepts and vocabulary for understanding film as an art form, a technology, a business, an index of culture, a social barometer, and a political force. The engaging style and organization of the book make it a compelling text for both world cinema and film genre courses.
The western reader
Film genre : theory and criticism
Reading relations : structures of literary production : a dialectical text/book
Twentieth-century autobiography : writing Wales in English
Globalizing literary genres : literature, history, modernity
The damned and the elect : guilt in Western culture
"Critics frequently describe the influence of "America," through Hollywood and other cultural industries, as a form of cultural imperialism. This unidirectional model of interaction does not address, however, the counter-flows of Chinese-language films into the American film market or the influence of Chinese filmmakers, film stars, and aesthetics in Hollywood. The aim of this collection is to (re)consider the complex dynamics of transnational cultural flows between American and Chinese-language film industries. The goal is to bring a more historical perspective to the subject, focusing as much on the Hollywood influence on early Shanghai or postwar Hong Kong films as on the intensifying flows between American and Chinese-language cinemas in recent decades. Contributors emphasize the processes of appropriation and reception involved in transnational cultural practices, examining film production, distribution, and reception."-- Provided by publisher.
Genre screenwriting : how to write popular screenplays that sell
Beyond formula : American film genres
The practice of poetry
At the movies : behind the big screen : the history, scandals, directors, studios and stars
Horror : the definite guide to the cinema of fear
Anatomy of film
Genre knowledge in disciplinary communication : cognition, culture, power
50 things you should know about music
Teaching science fiction
Enter, mysterious stranger : American cloistral fiction
Comedy
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
Genres of secular instruction : a linguistic history of useful entertainment
"This book begins with a history of the detective genre. The theory of the genre is laid out along with its central theme of the getting and deployment of knowledge. These changes explain the decay of the English Classic and its replacement by noir"--
Independent games : what they are and are they different
Contemporary literature and the end of the novel : creature, affect, form
How to define and describe genres and styles
A genre analysis of arts reviews in two British quality newspapers : text strategies and evaluation
Painting in Britain 1530 to 1790
The emergence of rock'n roll : music and the rise of American youth culture
Kinds of literature : an introduction to the theory of genres and modes
Narrative across media : the languages of storytelling
Autobiography
Theories of literary genre
A century of pop
Film genre : from iconography to ideology
Rewriting loss : melancholia, ethics, and aesthetics in selected works by Chuang Hua, Maxine Hong Kingston, and Fae Myenne Ng
Marvelous transformations : an anthology of fairy tales and contemporary critical perspectives / edited by Christine A. Jones & Jennifer Schacker
Storytelling in religious education
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
In recent decades, experimental music has flourished outside of European and American concert halls. The principles of indeterminacy, improvisation, nonmusical sound, and noise, pioneered in concert and on paper by the likes of Henry Cowell, John Cage, and Ornette Coleman, can now be found in all kinds of new places: activist films, rock recordings, and public radio broadcasts, not to mention in avant-garde movements around the world. The contributors to Tomorrow Is the Question explore these previously unexamined corners of experimental music history, considering topics such as Sonic Youth, Julius Eastman, the Downtown New York pop avant-garde of the 1970s, Fluxus composer Benjamin Patterson, Tokyo's Music group (aka Group Ongaku), the Balinese avant-garde, the Leicester school of British experimentalists, Cuba's Grupo de Experimentación Sonora del ICAIC, Pauline Oliveros's score for the feminist documentary Maquilapolis, NPR's 1980s RadioVisions, and the philosophy of experimental musical aesthetics. Taken together, this menagerie of people, places, and things makes up an actually existing experimentalism that is always partial, compromised, and invented in its local and particular formations—in other words, these individual cases suggest that experimentalism has been a far more variegated set of practices and discourses than previously recognized. Asking new questions leads to researching new materials, new individuals, and new contexts and, eventually, to the new critical paradigms that are necessary to interpret these materials. Gathering contributions from historical musicology, enthnomusicology, history, philosophy, and cultural studies, Tomorrow Is the Question generates future research directions in experimental music studies by way of a productive inquiry that sustains and elaborates critical conversations.
Transgression and mundanity : the global extreme metal music scene
The shifting definitions of genre : essays on labeling films, television shows and media
Literature and sincerity
Patterns of poetry : an encyclopedia of forms
"This is a gorgeous-looking movie" : multimodal interplay between commentary and subject materials in movie review entertainment
Locating postcolonial narrative genres
The power of comics : history, form, and culture
"The novel-essay emerged in France, in the last quarter of the nineteenth century, and reached its highest formal complexity in Austria and Germany, during the interwar period. The Novel-Essay, 1884-1947 focuses on this literary genre and makes the case that is crucial for a renovated understanding of the history of the novel in modernity. Stefano Ercolino frames the emergence of the novel-essay within the ideological crisis that fell upon the epistemological and symbolic apparatus of modernity in the last decades of the nineteenth century and culminated following the disasters first of World War I and subsequently of World War II."--Publisher.
Digitalization in relation to organizational communication and information overload
"In the early twentieth century, the field of anthropology transformed itself from the "welcoming science," uniquely open to women, people of color, and amateurs, into a professional science of culture. The new field grew in rigor and prestige but excluded practitioners and methods that no longer fit a narrow standard of scientific legitimacy. In Rhetoric in American Anthropology, Risa Applegarth traces the "rhetorical archeology" of this transformation in the writings of early women anthropologists"--
Marvelous Transformations is an anthology of tales and original critical essays that moves beyond canonized "classics" and old paradigms, documenting the points of historical connection between literary tales and field-based collections. This innovative anthology reflects current interdisciplinary scholarship on oral traditions and the cultural history of the print fairy tale. In addition to the tales, original critical essays, newly written for this volume, introduce readers to differing perspectives on key ideas in the field.
Idea of prose
Understanding television
Western crime fiction goes East : the Russian Pinkerton craze 1907-1934
Recovering bodies : illness, disability, and life writing
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Evolution in genre : emergence, variation, multimodality
Reading between the lines : a teaching material package for the CLIL history classroom
Who else writes like...? : a readers' guide to fiction authors
Aspects of the novel and related writings
A genre analysis of academic research blogs
Teaching the graphic novel
Structured text corpora in the study of language variation and change
Refiguring American film genres : history and theory
The fabulators
The short story
Writing a woman's life
AS film studies : the essential introduction
Going to pieces : the rise and fall of the slasher film, 1978-1986
(re)visiting translation : linguistic and cultural issues across genres
Fertile crossings. metamorphoses of genre in anglophone West African literature
The art and science of screenwriting
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
"While rumors of the imminent death of the novel are everywhere, this book shows how some of our most significant twenty-first century writers mobilize the idea of the end of the novel to reimagine the ethics and politics of literature. Writers like J.M. Coetzee, Teju Cole, and Tom McCarthy disturb the emotional scenarios through which the novel form traditionally operates in order to figure unregimented forms of life and affect. Contemporary Literature and the End of the Novel combines intense discussions of key contemporary works and of theories of the novel with original interventions in current critical and theoretical debates--about affect, the anthropocene, biopolitics, cosmopolitanism, and about the forms and functions of fiction after 9/11 and after postmodernism"--
The theory of the novel in England 1850-1870
Tomorrow is the question : new directions in experimental music studies
"Histories of science fiction often discuss Fritz Lang's Metropolis as a classic text within the genre--yet the term "science fiction" had not been invented at the time of the film's release. Does retroactive assignment to a genre change our understanding of a film? These provocative questions are at the heart of this book"--
Advances in discourse studies
Cinema studies : the key concepts
Translating words, translating cultures
Fleetwood Mac's distinctive sound, first really captured in the 1977 record Rumours, launched the group into the commercial stratosphere, and over the past three decades they have never looked back. All along the way their dysfunctional relationships have informed their professional success, as well as their personal downfalls. By writing and singing about their problems, Fleetwood Mac has transformed what breaks them apart into what keeps them together. They have turned their dark relationship dilemmas into glittering entertainment. In this highly entertaining chronicle, author Donald Brackett provides readers with a special opportunity to review the band's complicated history and reconsider the personal, dynamic sources of their classic albums and enduring hits. The band drummer Mick Fleetwood and bassist John McVie started in 1967 has gone through more personnel changes and stylistic innovations than any other pop group in our cultural history. The story of the group began when John Mayall and Alexis Korner, the band's mentors, launched a mid-'60s British blues revival. Ex-Mayall players Fleetwood and McVie then went on to form an incendiary band of psychedelic blues under the name Fleetwood Mac. But it was not until hearing a little-known 1973 record from Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks that Mick Fleetwood heard the future sound and true pop potential of his own group.
What is comedy? Andrew Stott tackles this question through an investigation of comic forms, theories and techniques, tracing the historical definitions of comedy from Aristotle to Chris Morris's "Brass Eye" via Wilde and Hancock. Rather than attempting to produce a totalising definition of 'the comic', this volume focuses on the significance of comic 'events' through study of various theoretical methodologies, including deconstruction, psychoanalysis and gender theory, and provides case studies of a number of themes, ranging from the drag act to the simplicity of slipping on a banana skin.
The novel-essay, 1884-1947
The backgrounds and traditions of opera
Generic features of eighteenth century American runaway slave advertisements
Guiding the reader into the world of literature : interpersonal strategies in literature analysis textbooks
Hollywood genres and postwar America : masculinity, family and nation in popular movies and film noir
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
This volume explores how postcolonial texts have determined the evolution or emergence of specific formal innovations in narrative genres. While the prominence of questions of cultural identity in postcolonial studies has prevented due attention to concerns of literary form and aesthetics, this book gives premium to the literary, aiming to delineate the evolution of specific narrative techniques as part of an emerging postcolonial aesthetics. Essays delineate elements of an emergent postcolonial narratology across a variety of seminal generic forms, such as the epic, the novel, the short story, the autobiography, and the folk tale, focusing on genre as a powerful tool for the historicizing of literature and orature within cultural discourses. Investigating the heuristic value of concepts such as mimicry, writing back, translation, negotiation, or subversion, the book considers the value of explanatory paradigms for postcolonial generic models. It also explores the status of postcolonial comparative aesthetics versus globalization studies and liberal concepts of the transnational, taking issue with the prominence of Western concepts of identity in discussions of postcolonial literature and the favoring of mimetic forms. This volume offers a unique contribution to the study of narrative genre in postcolonial literatures and provides valuable insight into the field of postcolonial studies on the whole.
Indian animal tales : a preliminary survey
The anthropologist as writer : genres and contexts in the twenty-first century
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Intent upon reading : A critical appraisal of modern fiction for children
Graphic novels are now appearing in a great variety of courses: composition, literature, drama, popular culture, travel, art, translation. The thirty-four essays in this volume explore issues that the new art form has posed for teachers at the university level.--From publisher description.
Essays on life writing : from genre to critical practice
The Broadway musical : a critical and musical survey
In other worlds : science fiction and the human imagination
Literature and Western man
Genre in language, discourse and cognition
Planks of reason : essays on the horror film
World Cinema through Global Genres
Interventionist writing - joint construction and testing of new tools and models created in R&D projects
Rhetoric in American anthropology : gender, genre, and science
Martial arts : P. T. J. Rance
The filmbook : a complete guide to the world of cinema
Deconstruction of genre in John Hawkes's The lime twig and Whistlejacket
Action/spectacle cinema : a sight and sound reader
Bloomsbury encyclopedia of popular music of the world. Vol. 9, Genres : Caribbean and Latin America
Film studies : a global introduction
Academic advertising? : Linguistic course books: a genre analysis of back covers
A quest for genre : chance and coincidence in Paul Auster's Moon palace and Leviathan
Automatic subgenre classification of heavy metal music
500 essential anime movies : the ultimate guide
The TV crime drama
Generic features of runaway slave advertisements from eighteenth-century America
The poetics of genre in the contemporary novel
The study of genre is scattered across research disciplines. This volume deals with questions such as: What does genre knowledge consist of? How is it organized in cognition? How is it applied in discourse production and interpretation? How is it reflected in language use?
The figure of the detective : a literary history and analysis
Transculturing auto/biography : forms of life writing
Horror! : 333 films to scare you to death
The Murdstone trilogy
Literary lives : biography and the search for understanding
