http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17132 vase-painting
vase-painting
Greek vase-painting and the origins of visual humour
The amazons : representatives of male or female violence?
The Greek vase : art of the storyteller
The red and the black : studies in Greek pottery
The Paris Painter : an Etruscan vase-painter
Stringed instruments of ancient Greece
This richly illustrated volume offers a fascinating introduction to ancient Greek vases for the general reader. It presents vases not merely as beautiful vessels to hold water and wine, but also as instruments of storytelling and bearers of meaning. The first two chapters analyze the development of different shapes of pottery and relate those shapes to function, the evolution in vase production techniques and decoration, and the roles of potters, painters, and their workshops. Subsequent chapters focus on vases as the primary source of imagery from ancient Greece, offering unique information about mythology, religion, theater, and daily life. The author discusses how to identify the figures and scenes depicted in vase paintings, what these narratives would have meant to the people who lived with them and used them, and how they therefore reflect the cultural values of their time. Also examined is the impact Greek vases had on the art, architecture, and literature of subsequent generations. Based on the rich collections of the British Museum and the J. Paul Getty Museum, the exquisite details of the works offer the reader the opportunity for an intimate interaction with the graphic beauty and narrative power of ancient vases often not available in a gallery setting.
Here Sian Lewis considers the full range of female existence in classical Greece - childhood and old age, unfree and foreign status, and the ageless woman characteristic of Athenian red-figure painting. Ceramics are an unparalleled resource for women's lives in ancient Greece, since they show a huge number of female types and activities. Yet it can be difficult to interpret the meanings of these images, especially when they seem to conflict with literary sources. This much-needed study shows that it is vital to see the vases as archaeology as well as art, since context is the key to understanding which images can stand as evidence for the real lives of women, and which should be reassessed.
Style and politics in Athenian vase-painting : the craft of democracy, ca. 530-460 B.C.E
What is a pyxis? Who was the Amasis Painter? How did Greek vases get their distinctive black and orange colors? This richly illustrated book - the latest in the popular Looking At series - offers definitions and descriptions of these and many other Greek vase shapes, painters, and techniques encountered in museum exhibitions and publications on ancient Greek ceramics. An essay on how to look at Greek vases and another on the conservation of ancient ceramics lay the ground for the succinct and readable explanations of the terms most frequently encountered by museum-goers.
The techniques of painted Attic pottery
The Codrus Painter : iconography and reception of Athenian vases in the age of Pericles
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period. 2, Commentary: The study of Corinthian vases
The history of Greek vases : potters, painters and pictures
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 2 : Amsterdam, Allard Pierson Museum, University of Amsterdam : attic black-figure drinking-cups
Images of ancient Greek pederasty : boys were their gods
Addenda et corrigenda to D. A. Amyx, Corinthean vase-painting in the archaic period
Ceramics of the world : an illustrated history
The Samnites of the fourth century BC : as depicted on Campanian vases and in other sources
Studies in Archaic Corinthian vase painting
Boeotian black figure vase painting of the Archaic Period
Attic red-figured vases in American museums
Greek erotica on Attic red-figure vases
Cleveland studies in the history of art
Greek and Roman erotica
Paralipomena : additions to Attic black-figure vase-painters and to Attic red-figure vase-painters
A magnificent and important pair of monumental imperial porcelain vases : Monday 28 November 2011, London = Velikolepnaâ i značimaâ para veličestvennyh farforovnyh vaz
Understanding Greek vases : a guide to terms, styles, and techniques
Looking at Greek vases
Beazley addenda : additional references to ABV, ARV2 & Paralipomena
Comic angels and other approaches to Greek drama through vase-paintings
Greek painted pottery
Greek vases in the J. Paul Getty museum
A comprehensive and fully illustrated collection of essays on the Pronomos Vase, the single most important piece of pictorial evidence for ancient theatre to have survived from ancient Greece.
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden, Museum of Classical Antiquities, Lund
On Corinthian iconography : the bridled winged horse and the helmeted female head in the sixth century BC
Stips votiva : papers presented to C. M. Stibbe
Ancient voices, modern echoes : theatre in the Greek world : exhibition catalogue
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : Göteborg, Public collections
Sotades : symbols of immortality on Greek vases
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period
The Castellani fragments in the Villa Giulia : Athenian black figure. Vol. 2
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 5
Aiani and upper Macedonia : athletics in antiquity
500 pitchers : contemporary expressions of a classic form
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Fasc. 2, Sweden : Stockholm, Medelhavsmuseet and Nationalmuseum
Tan men/pale women : color and gender in archaic Greece and Egypt, a comparative approach
Non-Attic Greek vase inscriptions
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 2
Dionysos in archaic Greece : an understanding through images
Personifications in Greek art : the representation of abstract concepts 600-400 B.C
Homer and the artists : text and picture in early Greek art
Distorted ideals in Greek vase-painting : the world of mythological Burlesque
Satyrs in Etruria : a study of a theme on Etruscan black-figure vases
Well built Mycenae : the Helleno-British excavations within the citadel at Mycenae, 1959-1969. Fascicule 21, The Mycenaean pictorical pottery
The Berlin painter
The Pronomos Vase and its context
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 4
Personifications of abstract concepts is a distinctive feature of Greek poetry from the time of Homer and of Greek art from the early sixth century. In this iconographical study, centered on Attic vase-painting, all the representations are studied against the background of the literary tradition and the evidence for cult worship of personified divinities.
Female heads on Greek, South Italian, and Sicilian vases from the sixth to the third century B. C. as representations of Persephone/Kore
The Lenaia vases revisited : image, ritual, and Dionysian women
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 6
The Theseus painter : style, shapes and iconography
The Amasis Painter and his world : vase-painting in sixth-century B. C. Athens
The red-figured vases of Apulia. Vol. 2, Late Apulian
The Athenian woman : an iconographic handbook
Attic black-figure vase-painters
The Kleophrades painter : revised 1944 and 1948
Early Greek vase painting : 11th - 6th centuries BC : a handbook
New perspectives in early Greek art / edited by Diana Buitron-Oliver
Pots & plays : interactions between tragedy and Greek vase-painting of the fourth century B.C
Greek vases from the Hirschmann collection
This book examines Greek vase-paintings that depict humorous, burlesque, and irreverent images of Greek mythology and the gods. Many of the images present the gods and heroes as ridiculous and ugly. While the narrative content of some images may appear to be trivial, others address issues that are deeply serious. When placed against the background of the religious beliefs and social frameworks from which they spring, these images allow us to explore questions relating to their meaning in particular communities. Throughout, we see indications that Greek vase-painters developed their own comedic narratives and visual jokes. The images enhance our understanding of Greek society in just the same way as their more sober siblings in 'serious' art.
The late Mannerists in Athenian vase-painting
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 3
Genucilia plates : common agalmata or depictions of the myth of Persephone
The departure of Alkmaion : a 'new' interpretation of the mythic scene on the black-figure amphora in the National Museum of Copenhagen
A comprehensive study of visual humour in ancient Greece, with special emphasis on works created in Athens and Boeotia. Alexandre Mitchell brings an interdisciplinary approach to this topic, combining theories and methods of art history, archaeology, and classics with the anthropology of humour, and thereby establishing new ways of looking at art and visual humour in particular. Understanding what visual humour was to the ancients and how it functioned as a tool of social cohesion is only one facet of this study. Mitchell also focuses on the social truths that his study of humour unveils: democracy and freedom of expression, politics and religion, Greek vases and trends in fashion, market-driven production, proper and improper behaviour, popular versus elite culture, carnival in situ, and the place of women, foreigners, workers, and labourers within the Greek city.
Greek vases : in the National Museum of Natural History Smithsonian Institution Washington, D. C.
Athenian red figure vases : the Classical period : a handbook
Athenian black figure vases, a handbook
Women's dress in the ancient Greek world
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : fasc. 1, Lund : fasc. 1, Museum of Classical Antiquities, Lund
The Meidias painter
Corinthian vase-painting of the Archaic period. 3, Indexes, concordances and plates
The red-line painter and the workshop of the Acheloos painter
Creating fantastic vases : 50 fun & fabulous ideas & projects
Pictorial pursuits : figurative painting on Mycenaean and geometric pottery : papers from two seminars at the Swedish Institute at Athens in 1999 and 2001
The Pan painter : revised 1944 and 1947
Attic red-figure vase-painters
Ancient and traditional ceramics : seminar held at the European University Centre for Cultural Heritage, Ravello, March 19-24. 1990 = Céramiques anciennes et traditionelles
The inscriptions on non-Attic vases are an extremely important source for knowledge of ancient Greek, in particular colloquial language. Painted or incised before firing, this corpus of material cannot be held suspect as possible later additions. Wachter provides a detailed catalogue of the inscriptions together with an epigraphical and linguistic analysis and commentary.
Ancient Greek pottery
Red figure vases of South Italy and Sicily : a handbook
Massapien painted pottery : analysis and provirory classification
Attic black-figured pottery
The figure in fired clay
The art of vase-painting in classical Athens
Corpus vasorum antiquorum. Sweden : fasc. 2, Stockholm : fasc. 1, Medelhavsmuseet and Nationalmuseum
The red-figured vases of Apulia. Vol. 1, Early and Middle Apulian
On museum visits, we pass by beautiful, well-preserved vases from ancient Greece - but how often do we understand what the images on them depict? In Image and Myth, Luca Giuliani tells the stories behind the pictures, exploring how artists of antiquity had to determine which motifs or historical and mythic events to use to tell an underlying story while also keeping in mind the tastes and expectations of paying clients. Covering the range of Greek style and its growth between the early Archaic and Hellenistic periods, Giuliani describes the intellectual, social, and artistic contexts in which the images were created. He reveals that developments in Greek vase painting were driven as much by the times as they were by tradition - the better-known the story, the less leeway the artists had in interpreting it. As literary culture transformed from an oral tradition, in which stories were always in flux, to the stability of written texts, the images produced by artists eventually became nothing more than illustrations of canonical works. At once a work of cultural and art history, Image and Myth builds a new way of understanding the visual culture of ancient Greece.
Athenian red figure vases : the Archaic period : a handbook
Figures of speech : men and maidens in ancient Greece
Master of the game : competition and performance in greek poetry
Image and myth : a history of pictorial narration in Greek art
Oltos and early red-figure vase painting
The Achilles painter
Catalogue : Etruria and Central Italy 450-30 B.C
Japanese enamels of the Golden Age : an exhibition of cloisonné enamels of the Meiji period, including those formerly in the collection of Mr. and Mrs. Jerry Freeman of Dallas, Texas : exhibition, 19-30 March 1990 : Barry Davies Oriental Art
Vase painting, gender, and social identity in archaic Athens
Greek vases : gods, heroes and mortals
Attic red-figured and white-ground pottery
The Millhouse pottery videos. Volume 1
A goddess mounting a chariot on black-figured lekythoi
Pots for the living, pots for the dead
