http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17129 green algae
green algae
A taxonomic revision of the marine species of Cladophora (Chlorophyta) along the coasts of Japan and the Russian Far-east
The decline of charophyte : occurrence dynamics of Chara tomentosa L. at the southern coast of Finland
Fatty acid composition as biomarkers of freshwater microalgae: analysis of 37 strains of microalgae in 22 genera and in seven classes
Cosmarium taxillus (Desmidiaceae) in Finnish Lapland
Responses of epiphytic lichens to air pollution in northern boreal forest ecosystems
Light utilization and photosynthetic efficiency of Nannochloris sp. (Chlorophyceae) approached by spectral absorption characteristics and Fast Repetition Rate Fluorometry (FRRF)
Environmental conditions and the development of Planktonema lauterbornii Schmidle in phytoplankton of Karhijärvi, a lake in SW Finland
New microsatellite markers for Ulva intestinalis (Chlorophyta) and the transferability of markers across species of Ulvaceae
Bibliography of the Characeae. V. 1.0
Records of some algal species : Nordic Phytoplankton Workshop 7.-10.6.1994
Chlorococcales (Green Algae )
Marine algae of the northern Gulf of California : Chlorophyta and Phaeophyceae
Biological aspects of Scenedesmus (Chlorophyceae) - phenotypic plasticity
Marine green and brown algae of the Hawaiian Islands
Spatial heterogeneity of phytoplankton in the Lokka reservoir, Finnish Lapland
Mass occurrence of unattached Enteromorpha intestinalis on the Finnish Baltic Sea coast
Coloured illustrations of the seaweeds of Japan
Desmids of the lowlands : Mesotaeniaceae and Desmidiaceae of the European lowlands
Lake studies in eastern Finnish Lapland. 1: aquatic flora: Phanerogams and Charales
Studies on the Chlorococcal algae (Chlorophyceae). 2
Molecular and morphological approaches to the evolutionary history of the Enteromorpha-Ulva species complex
A biology of the algae
The effects of light, nutrients and taxon on carbon and nitrogen isotope fractionation by cultured phytoplankton
Characterization of carbonic anhydrase in the unicellular green alga Coccomyxa sp. PA
Production of hydrogen peroxide and volatile halocarbons by macroalgae
Süsswasserflora von Mitteleuropa. Bd 16, Conjugatophyceae 1 : Chlorophyta 8 : Zygnemales
The present treatment constitutes a taxonomic study of the green and brown benthic marine algae currently known in the northern Gulf of California. In all, 133 species were found: 4 classes, 7 orders, 13 families, 20 genera, and 63 species of Chlorophyta and 9 orders, 15 families, 26 genera, and 70 species of Phaeophyceae. The systematic account is a guide to the identification of marine algae from the northern Gulf of California, with the accepted name, keys, and descriptions of the orders, families, genera, and species. The date, place, and author(s) of valid publication of each taxon are cited. The current name for each species is given along with its basionym, type locality, synonyms, relevant taxonomic studies, habitat, and distribution in the Gulf of California and in the Pacific Ocean. Illustrations are provided for most species. A remarks section includes additional information on taxonomy, nomenclature, ecology, and/or other problems or facts of interest. In addition to reviewing the taxonomic phycological literature pertinent to the Gulf of California and Pacific México, new records and distribution extensions are given. Four new sections of Sargassum subgen. Sargassum are proposed: S. sect. herporhizum E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, S. sect. johnstonii E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, S. sect. lapazeanum E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris, and S. sect. sinicola E. Y. Dawson ex J. N. Norris; five new combinations are made: Desmarestia munda subsp. mexicana (E. Y. Dawson) J. N. Norris, Epicladia condensata (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, Epicladia mexicana (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, Hincksia bryantii (Setchell et N. L. Gardner) J. N. Norris, and Sargassum sinicola subsp. camouii J. N. Norris et Yensen. One new species, Sporochnus neushulii J. N. Norris, is described.
Studies on the Chlorococcal algae (Chlorophyceae). 5
