http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17179 urban environment
urban environment
Shaping cities : the environmental and human dimensions
Adaptive reuse of the inner city : Helsinki, Tampere, August 27-29, 1990
The urban sketcher : techniques for seeing and drawing on location
Cities are good for you : the genius of the metropolis
City
Planning for urban quality : urban design in towns and cities
Wildlife reserves and corridors in the urban environment : a guide to ecological landscape planning and resource conservation
How to cope with urban environment? : Turku International Student Week 1986, 17.-20.04.1986
Transmetropolitan. 9 : The cure
Frank Miller's Sin City. [6] : Booze, broads, & bullets
Sprawling cities and our endangered public health
Projected cities
The ecological city and urban planning
Paris street art
Evaluation and modelling of the spatial and temporal variability of particulate matter in urban areas
The car and the city : the automobile, the built environment and daily urban life
Are the right actors taking the right action? : climate change management in Finnish urban housing
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Landscape design : an international survey
Nature in towns and citites
Not since Richard Fitter’s landmark publication in 1945, ‘London’s Natural History’ – volume 3 in the New Naturalist series – has there been a comprehensive guide to urban natural history. Since then there have been major advances in the conservation of nature in our towns and cities, and there is even more to say about how animals and plants have adapted, in varying degrees, to urbanisation. But this is not merely an exploration of natural history within the urban environment – David Goode uses his knowledge of urban ecology to describe the range of habitats and species which exist within urban areas, and shows how our understanding is being applied to encourage a greater variety of nature into towns and cities. He illustrates how an ecological approach can be incorporated within planning and design to create a range of habitats from tiny oases to extensive new urban woodland and wetlands.Nature in towns and citites / David Goode.
Freerunning : find your way
New works for different places : Derry, Glasgow, Newcastle, Plymouth : TSWA four city project
Cinema and landscape : film, nation and cultural geography
Urban animals : crowding in zoocities
Proposals for the classification, description and mapping of soils in urban areas
City Art : New York`s Percent for Art Program
Concrete messages - material expressions of place reinvention
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995), on the theme of Comparative aesthetics: cultural identity
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Urban design for an urban century : shaping more livable, equitable, and resilient cities
World resources 1996-97 : [a guide to the global environment]
MoNArch : Modern Nordic Architecture 1995-6. Workshop 15.-19.1.1996 : the urban block revisited
Ecopolis : revealing and enhancing sustainable design
City planning and Jyväskylä
Urban forum for sustainable development : European information for cities - an experimental network
Computational approaches for urban environments
The character of towns : an approach to conservation
The civilized city
A panorama of urban innovations in the European Union : European cities in search of sustainability ; Voula Mega
Walking in the European city : quotidian mobility and urban ethnography
Environment, ethics and the corporation
La ciutat educadora = The educating city
City design : modernist, traditional, green, and systems perspectives
Physiological and psychological effects of viewing urban forest landscapes assessed by multiple measurements
How to study public life
Outdoor urban aerosols and their transport and fate indoors
Transmetropolitan. 2 : Lust for life
Graphic design in urban environment
Practical conservation : urban habitats
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Planning and designing sustainable and resilient landscapes
Planning, projects, practice : a human geography of the Stockholm local investment programme in Hammarby Sjöstad
The Routledge companion to urban regeneration
With people in mind : design and management of everyday nature
The art of regeneration : urban renewal through cultural activity
Geomedia : networked cities and the politics of urban space
Human identity in the urban environment
Avian ecology and conservation in an urbanizing world
Cities and nature
Hack the city : take control
Global mapping of human settlement: experiences, datasets and prospects
Archetypes of urbanism : a method for the esthetic design of cities
Innovations for the improvement of the urban environment : Austria - Finland - Sweden
Street Art London
City meadows : vitality from a living heritage
Urban sketching : the complete guide to techniques
Green thoughts, green futures : planning for energy efficient cities
Pop-Up Architecture as Urban Regeneration
Time & space traces of Shanghai:  selected artworks by photographer Guo Bo
Futuropa handbook. 1, Participation tools : activating environmental consciousness
The ultimate parkour & freerunning book : discover your possibilities
Cityscapes in the Americas and beyond : representations of urban complexity in literature and film
Urbantumblr : a collection of post-posts /a pseudoblog as practice
Chinese superblock : a study and design tools for sustainable urban housing development in China
Frank Miller's Sin City. [7] : Hell and back
Transmetropolitan. 1 : Back on the street
Sustaining agriculture near cities
On the relation of town patterns to sociopolitical milieus / Paul Kriesis - The structure of man's territorial ties / Jukka Oksa - The urban environment and social interaction / Pertti Rannikko
Cities : an environmental history
Cities and disasters
"This is the urban century in which, for the first time, the majority of people live in towns and cities. Understanding how people influence, and are influenced by, the 'green' component of these environments is therefore of enormous significance. Providing an overview of the essentials of urban ecology, the book begins by covering the vital background concepts of the urbanisation process and the effect that it can have on ecosystem functions and services. Later sections are devoted to examining how species respond to urbanisation, the many facets of human-ecology interactions, and the issues surrounding urban planning and the provision of urban green spaces. Drawing on examples from urban settlements around the world, it highlights the progress to date in this burgeoning field, as well as the challenges that lie ahead"--
Perceive, conceive, achieve : the sustainable city : European tetralogy. Part 4, Aesthetics, functionality and desirability of the sustainable city
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
"Geomedia offers critical analysis of the new possibilities and power relations emerging in the public space of contemporary cities. As ubiquitous digital networks enable embedded and mobile devices to integrate place-specific data with real-time feedback circuits, everyday experience of public space has become subject to new demands. Looking beyond debates framed by the dominance of surveillance and spectacle, McQuire asks: how might the kind of collaborative practices that have flourished in art and online cultures be translated into urban space? In the urban crisis of the 1960s, Henri Lefebvre argued that the capacity for a city&rsquo;s inhabitants to actively appropriate the time and space of their surroundings was a critical dimension of modern democracy. What does it mean to speak of &lsquo;the right to the city&rsquo; in the context of the networked city? Addressing this question through a series of case studies, this cutting-edge text highlights the tensions between citizen and consumer, communication and surveillance, participation and control, which define contemporary struggles over public space"--
Transmetropolitan. 0 : Tales of human waste
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
Urban art photography
The art of urban sketching : drawing on location around the world
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
The compact city : a sustainable urban form?
Getting rid of graffiti : a practical quide to graffiti removal and anti-graffiti protection
Whose public space? : international case studies in urban design and development
Transmetropolitan. 6 : Gouge away
Water fountains in the worldscape
Between fulfilment and vitiation : discerning incapacitation in urban regeneration
The geography of fear : a latitudinal gradient in anti-predator escape distances of birds across Europe
The aesthetics of backyards : spaces and places in Aki Kaurismäki's films
Transmetropolitan. 4 : The new scum
The emancipatory city? : paradoxes and possibilities
The evaluative image of the city
Ethnicities : metropolitan cultures and ethnic identities in the Americas
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Transmetropolitan. 5 : Lonely city
Global cities : cinema, architecture, and urbanism in a digital age
Nature in cities : the natural environment in the design and development of urban green space
There is ongoing concern as to whether ethnic communities in Great Britain are becoming increasingly spatially segregated. This paper uses data from the 2001 Census of Population to explore the relationship between ethnic net migration and ethnic population concentration in London, the capital city and main location of ethnic minority populations in the United Kingdom. The findings suggest that migration is acting as an agent of dispersal of non-White populations from areas of high ethnic concentration to areas of low ethnic concentration, whereas White migrants are leaving areas where they are underrepresented and moving to areas of over-representation..
The Penguin book of the city
Hepburn shoes on the double-decker : a colleciont of China's new urban novels
The child in the city
First 3 years : ECO2 - eco-efficient Tampere 2020
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
Field notes from a hidden city
Where to watch birds in world cities
Sustainable urban development. 1, Protocols and environmental assessment methods
There's creatures everywhere / Dorothee Bienert
Environmental politics : new geographical and social constituencies
World yearbook of education. 1992, Urban education
Street environmentalism : civic associations and environmental practices in the urban governance of Third World megacities
Yorkshire
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
Urban shades of green : current patterns and future prospects of nature conservation in urban landscapes
Review of higher education on urban forestry in Europe : report of COST Action E12 'Urban forests and trees'
Living on the margins : making the best of limited resources. Conference report
Ecological urbanism : the nature of the city
The sociology of urban life
Accessibility Assessment of Exterior Areas in Karjaranta
Governance theory as a framework for empirical research : a case study on local environmental policy-making in Helsinki, Finland
History of the future : 52nd World congress of the International federation of landscape architects : congress proceedings, 10-12 June 2015, Saint-Petersburg, Russia = Istoriâ buduŝego : 52-oj Vsemirnyj kongress Meždunarodnoj federacii landšaftnyh arhitektorov : sbornik trudov Vsemirnogo Kongressa, 10-12 iûnâ 2015 goda, Sankt-Peterburg, Rossiâ
(Re)designing nature : Aktuelle Positionen der Naturgestaltung in Kunst und Landschaftsarchitecture = current consept for shaping nature in art and landscape architecture
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Cultural heritage cooperation in the Baltic Sea States. Report 5 / editor Helena Edgren ; co-editor and co-ordinator Marianne Lehtimäki
Net migration in London : evidence of ethnic deconcentration
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Urban and Peri-Urban Horticulture in the Century of Cities : Lessons, Challenges, Opportunities : Dakar, Senegal, December 6-9, 2010
Heritage, culture and conservation : managing the urban renaissance
Testing IEEE 802.16a-based WiMAX network in urban environment
Cities in conflict : IFHP International Conference, St. Petersburg 1999 : conference report
Urban ethic : design in the contemporary city
Riding the rapids : urban life in an age of complexity
Nature and the idea of a man-made world : an investigation into the evolutionary roots of form and order in the built environment : a sixteenth-century drawing by Cesar Cesariano of Vitruviu's description of a solar clock
Understandign the value of arts & culture : the AHRC cultural value project
Urbantumblr : a collection of post-posts / a pseudoblog as practice
Transmetropolitan. 7 : Spider's thrash
Cities for tomorrow : directions for change : congress report : 80th anniversary of the IFHP International Congress 1993, Helsinki
New garden city in the 21st century
City and culture : cultural processes and urban sustainability
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
A pattern image : typological tool for quality in urban planning
The city includes opportunities as well as constraints for humans and other animals alike. Urban animals are often subjected to complaints; they transgress geographical, legal as and cultural ordering systems, while roaming the city in what is often perceived as uncontrolled ways. But they are also objects of care, conservation practices and bio-political interventions. What then, are the ""more-than-human"" experiences of living in a city? What does it mean to consider spatial formations and urban politics from the perspective of human/animal relations?
Sin City
Creating urban agriculture systems : an integrated approach to design
Concrete canvas : how street art is changing the way our cities look
Urban ecology
Making people-friendly towns : improving the public environment in towns and cities
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Qualitative urban analysis : an international perspective
Cities for a small planet
Black city cinema : African American urban experiences in film
Paral-lel City
Environmental aesthetics : essays in interpretation
Transmetropolitan. [7] : Spider's thrash
The scientific management of vegetation in the urban environment
The urban fantasy anthology
Studying the experience of the urban environment
Transmetropolitan. 3 : Year of the bastard
Parkour : the art of freerunning
