http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17145 reflexology
reflexology reflex zone therapy
The complete illustrated guide to reflexology : massage your way to health and well-being
Reflexology : therapies and techniques for well-being
The touch remedy : hands-on solutions to de-stress your life
Baby touch
Secrets of reflexology
Healing touch for children : massage, acupressure for children from 4 -12 years old
Reflexology : a way to better health
Natural, alternative, and complementary health care practices
A study of patients perceptions of reflexology in holistic pain management
Reflexology and infantile colic : a step-by-step guide for parents and nurses
Healing with touch : massage, shiatsu, reflexology and reiki : a concise guide to the theraputic power of hands
Reflexology : the definitive practitioner's manual
Reflexology : health at your fingertips
Reflexology : therapies & techniques for well being
Reflexology in pregnancy and childbirth
Massage, aromatherapy & yoga : practical handbook
Clinical reflexology : a guide for health professionals
The encyclopedia of aromatherapy, massage and yoga
Reflexology : a practical approach
"Welcome to the world of alternative medicine. Prince Charles is a staunch defender and millions of people swear by it; most UK doctors consider it to be little more than superstition and a waste of money. But how do you know which treatments really heal and which are potentially harmful? Now you can find out. Edzard Ernst is the world's first professor of complementary medicine and Simon Singh is the author of several international bestsellers. Together they have written the definitive book on aletrnative medicine. It is honest, impartial, hard-hitting and provides a thorough examination and judgement of more than thirty of the most popular treatments, including: -acupuncture, -homeopathy, -aromatherapy, -reflexology, -chiropractic, -herbal medicine. Whether you are a follower, sceptic or just baffled by the subject, Trick or Treatment? delivers the ultimate verdict on alternative medicine with clarity, scientific rigour and absolute authority." -- (Back Cover)
The complete illustrated guide to reflexology : massage your way to health and well being
Reflexology and acupressure
Reflexotherapy of the feet
Trick or treatment? : alternative medicine on trial
Acupressure & reflexology for dummies
