http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17178 urban landscape
urban landscape townscape cityscape
ReBuilding
New York from the air : a story of architecture
The Flatiron : the New York landmark and the incomparable city that arose with it
Waterfronts : cities reclaim their edge
Characters : cultural stories revealed through typography
Paral-lel City
Cities and buildings : skycrapers, skid rows and suburbs
Retro New York
New York : the story of a great city
Cities in comparison
New York : a pictorial celebration
CB City Kokkola ry : developing the Town Centre of Kokkola
This is Rome
Streetscapes
Icherisheher = yesterday and today
The panorama
New architecture. 6, Squares : Plazas
Puukaupungin tarina : Pori 1840-2000 = Story of a wooden town
Cities from the cold : editorial
How Helsinki became a trailblazer in urban culture
Space & urban : a typological approach to the industrial town
Against architecture
Time & space traces of Shanghai:  selected artworks by photographer Guo Bo
New city life
Lahti : the green design city
Rome : everything you ever wanted to know
New York City : everything you ever wanted to know
Historic preservation : an introduction to its history, principles, and practice
You can be lonely anywhere, but there is a particular flavor to the loneliness that comes from living in a city, surrounded by thousands of strangers. The Lonely City is a roving cultural history of urban loneliness, centered on the ultimate city: Manhattan, that teeming island of gneiss, concrete, and glass. What does it mean to be lonely? How do we live, if we're not intimately involved with another human being? How do we connect with other people, particularly if our sexuality or physical body is considered deviant or damaged? Does technology draw us closer together or trap us behind screens? Olivia Laing explores these questions by travelling deep into the work and lives of some of the century's most original artists, among them Andy Warhol, David Wojnarowicz, Edward Hopper, Henry Darger and Klaus Nomi. Part memoir, part biography, part dazzling work of cultural criticism, The Lonely City is not just a map, but a celebration of the state of loneliness. It's a voyage out to a strange and sometimes lovely island, adrift from the larger continent of human experience, but visited by many - millions, say - of souls.
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Looking and seeing. 4, The shape of towns
Guide to Edo-Tokyo Museum / [edited by Edo-Tokyo Museum]
Londoners : the days and nights of London now - as told by those who love it, hate it, live it, left it, and long for it
Neo-historical East Berlin : architecture and urban design in the German Democratic Republic 1970-1990
Global scale, local place? : the making of the historic centre of Lima into a world heritage site
New York City : the edge of enigma
Here is a tale that will enchant Victoria Hislop's fans - it is inspired by the beauty of her beloved Greece.
Building a creative city brand through an international mega-event : case: World Design Capital Helsinki 2012
Calcutta mosaic : essays and interviews on the minority communities of Calcutta
The conservation of cities
London's turning : Thames Gateway-prospects and legacy
Designing America : creating urban identity : a primer on improving U.S. cities for a chaning future using the project approach to the design and financing of the spaces between buildings
Re-imagining the city : art, globalization and urban spaces
From immigrant enclaves to postmodern exile : an overview of places in Don DeLillo's Underworld and Philip Roth's American pastoral
Watermark : an essay on Venice
Concrete canvas : how street art is changing the way our cities look
Understanding ordinary landscapes
How to study public life
The quality of Leicester
London : the information capital : 100 maps and graphics that will change how you view the city
Prints by Martin Lewis : an American master : Detroit Institute of Arts, Schwarts Graphic Arts Galleris, November 23, 1991 - March 22, 1992
Papers on urban design in the third world
Nairn's towns
Images of Shanghai
EverymansStreet
Experience and conflict : the dialectics of the production of public urban space in the light of new event venues in Helsinki 1993-2003
The old Shanghai A-Z
Why we build
Vertigo : the strange new world of the contemporary city
Great streets
Topography and literature : Berlin and modernism
This is Helsinki
Lao Beijing, shijing fengqing hua = Life and people in old Beijing : through the eyes of a painter
Lights over Kruunuvuorenranta : Helsinki international invitational competition : 14.12.2011-1.8.2012
Franz Kafka and Prague
Marry me at Christmas
Hollow City : the second novel of Miss Peregrine's peculiar children
Visitor's guide to ancient Rome : based on the travels of Lucius Minimus Britanicus
The representation of the city of Klaipéda in photo albums : comparision of the album from Soviet and independence periods
Ringstrasse : image of a modern and postmodern street
The colours of Copenhagen
Unfairly structured cities
The creation of the small New England town in Alice Hoffman's Massachusetts novels : a cultural imagological study
The renaissance from Brunelleschi to Michelangelo : the representation of architecture
STREET ART
Dickens's Victorian London 1839-1901
Londoners: the days and nights of London now - as told by those who love it, hate it, live it, left it, and long for it
Cities of the future? Questions? Nightmares? Dreams?
Planning for urban quality : urban design in towns and cities
Imagine architecture : artistic visions of the urban realm
Berlin : a city for the future
Tornio
Seventeen-year-old Greg has managed to become part of every social group at his Pittsburgh high school without having any friends, but his life changes when his mother forces him to befriend Rachel, a girl he once knew in Hebrew school who has leukemia.
Oulua ilmasta 2012 = [Oulu from the air 2012]
The home and the world : a view of Calcutta
London : the secrets and the splendour
Kirjava Sastamala : ihmisen kokoinen = Beautiful and bookish Sastamala
Hämeenlinna : a study of urban characteristics and urban conservation of a medium-size Finnish town
Water fountains in the worldscape
Germania : a personal history of Germans ancient and modern
London : everything you ever wanted to know
Urban art photography
To bridal boutique owner Madeline Krug, organizing a Christmas wedding sounds like a joy - until she finds out she'll be working closely with the gorgeous brother of the bride, movie star Jonny Blaze. How will a small-town girl like her keep from falling for the world's sexiest guy? Especially with mistletoe lurking around every corner! Jonny came to Fool's Gold looking for normal, not for love. Happily-ever-after only happens in the movies. Still, nothing about this quirky town is quite what he expected, and "ordinary" Madeline is the most extraordinary woman he's ever met.
Street Scenes : learn to draw step by step
Helsinki’s Image as a Tourism Destination in St Petersburg
Oulu district as a location choice for international companies
St Petersburg / Masha Nordbye ; photography by Patricia Lanza
Cairo : histories of a city
Townscape painting and drawing / J.G. Links
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Urban alphabets : a smartphone application to change public space for the user
Tokyo flâneur : a study of urban experience in narrative
Łódź : barwy miasta = colours of the city
The Berlin stories
Making places : working with art in the public realm
Cinema and landscape : film, nation and cultural geography
Watermark
Martti Jämsä : ops! : Helsinki polaroid / runo = poem by Ilpo Tiihonen ; essee = essay by Otso Kantokorpi
Me and Earl and the dying girl : a novel
This is New York
The history of Rome in painting
The aesthetics of backyards : spaces and places in Aki Kaurismäki's films
Barcelona : historical atlas of architecture
Old townscapes of China
Art and the city
Canal towns south of the Yangtze
Cartes postales from Greece
Gazes on Tallinn - or the piecemeal construction of a new society
Elements & total concept of urban street furniture design
Belfast : an illustrated architectural guide
Victim without a face
Urban planning and the pursuit of happiness : European variations on a universal theme (18th - 21st centuries)
Paris noir : the secret history of a city
Our art : the reasoning for the acquisition and placing of the public sculptures of the Jyväskylä City Art Collection in 1977-2007
Liverpool
Longing belonging : an outsider at home in Calcutta
Calcutta : two years in the city
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
Type and signage are part of our daily lives and the history of whichever city we happen to live in. Stephen Banham has researched the signage and typography of a city to present a collection of quirky, poignant and often funny stories.
World without heroes : the Brooklyn novels of Daniel Fuchs
History of the future : 52nd World congress of the International federation of landscape architects : congress proceedings, 10-12 June 2015, Saint-Petersburg, Russia = Istoriâ buduŝego : 52-oj Vsemirnyj kongress Meždunarodnoj federacii landšaftnyh arhitektorov : sbornik trudov Vsemirnogo Kongressa, 10-12 iûnâ 2015 goda, Sankt-Peterburg, Rossiâ
Tokyo : city and architecture
The idea and ideal of the town between late antiquity and the the early modern ages
The central library as the steppingstone of Helsinki : developing new service design for an authentic tourist experience
The evaluative image of the city
This is London
Shanghai new towns : searching for community and identity in a sprawling metropolis
Helsinki designerin silmin = Helsinki through the eyes of a designer = En designers syn på Helsingfors
