http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17102 past
past
Vanishing acts
Heartless
Prophet. 5, Earth war
This thought-provoking collection not only takes us into the past and the future, but also explores what might happen if we attempt to manipulate time to our own advantage. These stories show what happen once you start to meddle with time and the paradoxes that might arise. It also raises questions about whether we understand time, and how we perceive it. These are just some of the questions that are raised in these challenging, exciting and sometimes amusing stories by Kage Baker, Simon Clark, Fritz Leiber, Christopher Priest, Kristine Kathryn Rusch, Robert Silverberg, Michael Swanwick, John Varley and many others
Centuries ago, Illarion was betrayed- a dragon made human against his will, then forced to serve humanity as a dragonmount in their army, and to fight for them in barbaric wars, even while he hated everything about them. Enslaved and separated from everyone he knew and from his own dragon brothers, he was forced into exile in a fey realm where he lost the only thing he ever really loved. Now he has a chance to regain what's been lost-- to have the one thing he covets most. But only if he gives up his brothers and forsakes the oaths he holds most dear. Yet what terrifies him most isn't the cost his happiness might incur, it's the fact that there is just enough human in his dragon's heart that he might actually be willing to pay it and betray everything and everyone- to see the entire world burn in Dragonmark, the next blockbuster Dark-Hunter novel by #1 New York Times bestselling author Sherrilyn Kenyon.
Since being widowed two years ago, Kitty Cateril has been trapped in her late husband's home, where she is expected to mourn forever. Desperate to escape, Kitty will consider any option even a hasty marriage to a stranger with no intention of abandoning his bachelor ways. London life suits Beau Braydon, especially his work keeping Britain safe. So when he inherits the title of Viscount Dauntry, he has no intention of resettling on a rural estate. He can't resist the opportunity to marry a sensible widow who can manage Beauchamp Abbey for him until he realizes Kitty is more than he bargained for...
Lay me down
The reckoning
Lost city of the templars
Three souls : a novel
The Berlin crossing
We only saw happiness
God help the child
Take a chance on me
My husband's wife
Salt to the sea : a novel
River of destiny
No turning back
The kind worth killing
The olive tree
Kings of the water
Any man of mine
The consorts of death
House of dreams
The Ballroom Café
The debutante
The murderer's daughter
A life without you
If you find me
The time is now
The last day I saw her
A climate of fear
The ice queen : a novel
Out of sight
The girl with a clock for a heart
I am your judge : a novel
Throwing light on more serious problems without pronouncing a single serious phrase, giving into the thrill of the contemporary world whilst avoiding any realism - that is 'The Festival of Insignificance'. It can be considered a synthesis of all Kundera's work. A strange synthesis. A strange epilogue. A strange laugh, inspired by our era which is comic because it has lost all sense of humour.
The dinosaur that pooped the past
Red templar
Out of the dark
Song of the fireflies
Natchez burning
The hidden legacy
The burning
The drop
The midnight palace
See me : a novel
The festival of insignificance : a novel
The first day of the rest of my life
Years after discovering her father's predatory double life, successful photographer Naomi Bowes struggles to hide her painful past from her fellow residents in a community thousands of miles away, a situation that introduces her to a new relationship and forces her to confront her demons.
Black Rabbit Hall
The journey
The lion's lady
The final word
Beneath the lake
Antoine meets Natalie, the woman of his dreams. They have two children and Antoine thrives in his work for an insurance company, investigating claims to reduce his firm's pay-outs. But soon Natalie drifts away from him, beginning an affair, and Antoine loses his job when he lets his heart overrule his head.
Past sins
Set in the heart of beautiful rural Wales. The protagonist, Sarah, is running from her past. Her tormentor has been in prison for seventeen years, but is about to be released. Just as Rachel thinks she's escaped him, there's a threat closer to home. Somebody's watching her. And they know she's alone...
Luckiest girl alive : a novel
The winter people : a novel
Age of consent : a novel
Clear blue tomorrows
The primrose path
To catch a killer
The sleepwalker's guide to dancing
The mammoth book of time travel SF
The lost daughter
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Playing dead
The winter men
The burning room : a novel
Pretty girls : a novel
The homecoming
Where we belong
The viscount needs a wife
Midnight
You're a big girl now
The Japanese lover
The sun in her eyes
When Leda's daughters leave home to be with their father, she decides to take a trip to a small coastal town in Italy, but soon after she arrives memories from her unsettled past come back to haunt her.
Black rose
The taker
Four orphans are shocked when their beloved friend, sculptor Siegfried Eckleberger, is murdered. As they investigate, they find clues that his death may be tied to the murder of a rich New York heiress as well as to their own past.
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
History culture and banal nationalism in post-war Bosnia
Annika Bengtzon has spent her career telling stories that need to be heard. As a journalist, she's always been at the front line of criminal reporting. And now a court case that she's been reporting on - the savage murder of a homeless man - has begun to attract a lot of attention. With the stakes rising by the day, Annika is once again flung to the heart of a complex case. But nagging at the back of her mind is her sister's mysterious absence. In the midst of a tense public situation, Annika's own complicated past looks set to rear its head.
Luckiest girl alive
Dead man's prayer : a gripping detective thriller with a killer twist
The map of lost memories : a novel
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
The one i was
Pippa's Cornish dream
And the mountains echoed
The Truth Commissioner
Surfacing
Precocious
Let's all kill Constance
The screaming statue
The dead house
The murder of an angel
The inheritance
Memory and representation in contemporary Europe : the persistence of the past
Fatal burn
Delicious! : a tale of love, war and cake
Stay close
Seconds away
The virgin blue
Before I go to sleep : a novel
Essays on managerial myopia and subject positions in companies with different governance structures
A body in Barcelona
Death by water
The other sister
The old Victorian pier was once a thing of beauty. It's also where 21-year-old Sophie Collier vanished eighteen years ago. Francesca has spent the last 20 years haunted by the disappearance of her best friend. But when she receives a phone call from Sophie's brother saying that a body has been found she knows she can't keep hiding from what happened. With her own secrets to keep, Francesca doesn't relish the idea of digging up the past or returning to Oldcliffe. But it is time to go back to where she grew up, and it looks like she isn't the only one there hiding truths.
Running scared
The lovely bones : a novel
The island
Contemporary fiction. Della Hopkins has led a charmed life. Raised in rural New Hampshire by her widowed father Andrew, she now has a young daughter, a handsome fiancé, and her own search and rescue bloodhound. But as she plans her wedding, she is plagued by flashbacks of a life she can't recall.
Night night, sleep tight : a novel of suspense
The murderer's daughter : a novel
Swimming lessons
The traitor's emblem
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
A matter of time
One perfect summer
The girls
Shadow dance : a novel
The whites
Why earls fall in love
The storyteller
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
Why do certain places and not others symbolically capture the past and freeze time? Likewise, why does the process of memory, as a fluid and changing activity, seem to prevent its own solidification? "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" reflects not only on the persistence of the past as a theme linked to modernity, media and time, but also discusses the politics of memory within a changing Europe. Drawing on the theoretical work of Hannah Arendt, Isaiah Berlin and Zygmunt Bauman, Siobhan Kattago uses examples from both Germany and Estonia in order to address the multiple layers of Europe's totalitarian past. Through reflecting on the legacy of totalitarianism and the revolutions of 1989, it becomes clear that the issue is less of whether one should remember, but rather how to internalize the various lessons of the past for the future of Europe. "Memory and Representation in Contemporary Europe" thus offers the reader occasions upon which to take stock of different but overlapping contours of past and present in contemporary Europe.
The rose garden
The couple next door
The house on the strand
The last kiss goodbye
The silent children
Death of a celebrity
Blood men : a thriller
A passing power : an examination of the sources for the history of Aram-Damascus in the second half of the ninth century B.C
We are not ourselves : a novel
In the future, the entire population is under a de facto dictatorship because of cerebral implants invented by one F.G. Wilson. Nolan Ska, an engineer, manages to travel back in time, with the intention of changing history by encouraging Wilson's first career: novelist. But the man who will eventually become a seemingly immortal despot turns out to be a poor writer, and it will be up to Nolan to use his own memories to be his ghost writer.
Beneath this man
The nix
Something to tell you
The absolute deception
The monster in the box
The nix : a novel
Drifting south
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
The time of contempt
The obsession
Travel back in time
Sex and Stravinsky
Wonders of the invisible world
White crow
Snow White must die
