http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17103 history of literature
history of literature literary history
Harry Potter and philosophy : if Aristotle ran Hogwarts
Shakespeare's contemporaries : modern studies in English Renaissance drama
"When Arthur Conan Doyle killed off his fictional sleuth in the 1893 story "The Final Problem," distraught readers resorted to producing their own versions of Sherlock Holmes's adventures, thus inventing the now-common genre of fan fiction. These tales by famous and lesser-known devotees offer the best of early Sherlockian tributes and parodies. Editor Douglas G. Greene's informative Introduction provides background on each of the stories and their authors. The collection begins with Robert Barr's "The Great Pegram Mystery," a satire that appeared less than a year after the very first Holmes short story. Thirteen additional tales include Bret Harte's "The Stolen Cigar Case," praised by Ellery Queen as "one of the most devastating parodies" ever written about the Baker Street investigator; Mark Twain's "A Double-Barrelled Detective Story," featuring Holmes's nephew, Fetlock Jones; and "The Sleuths," by O. Henry, in which a bumbling New York private eye struggles to outshine a rival"
Careless people : murder, mayhem and the invention of The great Gatsby
Oriental literature. Vol. 2, The literature of Persia
Absent culture : the case of Polish Livonia
Dostoyevsky : a life of contradiction
The history of the Scandinavian literatures
Good fiction guide
Hindi literature : trends & traits
Literature, lives, and legality in Catherine's Russia
Nightwalking :  a nocturnal history of London, Chaucer to Dickens
The Zhivago affair : the Kremlin, the CIA, and the battle over a forbidden book
The story of Kullervo
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
Goldeneye : where Bond was born : Ian Fleming' s Jamaica
The nation's favourite poems
The Song of Middle-earth takes a look at The Lord of the Rings, digging deep into the foundations of Tolkien's world to reveal the complex tapestry of history and mythology that lies behind his stories. The charge that Tolkien's work was merely derivative - that he extracted elements from other mythologies and incorporated them into his own fiction - is dismissed in favour of a fascinating examination of the rich historical background to Middle-earth. From the mythic tradition of the Tales told in The Book of Lost Tales: I to the significance of oral storytelling throughout the history of Middle-earth, this book examines the common themes of mythology found within Tolkien's work. In doing so, The Song of Middle-earth demonstrates how Tolkien's desire to create a new mythology for England is not only apparent in his writing, but also realised.
On the way home : the diary of a trip from South Dakota to Mansfield, Missouri, in 1894
European Literature in the Nineteenth Century
J.R.R. Tolkien : a biography
Here be dragons : exploring fantasy maps and settings
Writers at work : the Paris review interviews. 5. series
Enlightenment for the masses : Confucian education in the manner of Guwen guanzhi
A history of twentieth-century African literatures
Encyclopedia of Latin American and Caribbean literature 1900-2003
A history of Indian literature. vol. 2 : Buddhist literature and Jaina literature
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
A short history of Italian literature
The story of Alice : Lewis Carroll and the secret history of Wonderland
A history of Indian literature. 1, Introduction, Veda, National epics, Puranas and Tantras
The new encyclopedia of Southern culture. Vol. 9, Literature
A short history of Polish literature. Part two : From 1795 to the present / Wlodimierz Szturc ; [translation: Peter Leese, Elzbieta Wójcik-Leese]
History of literature in the English language. 9, American literature since 1900
A history of Italian literature
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
The American drama since 1918 : an informal history
I believe in Sherlock Holmes : early fan fiction from the very first fandom
Blighted eye : original ccomic art from the Glenn Bray collection
A history of Indian literature. vol. 1 : Introduction, Veda, national epics, puranas and tantras
Fiction through metaphor : a case study of The God of small things
A short history of English literature
Novel destinations : literary landmarks from Jane Austen's Bath to Ernest Hemingway's Key West
Shakespeare & me : great writers, actors, and directors on what the bard means to them - and us
The march of literature : from confucius to modern times
Reading riddles : rhetorics of obscurity from romanticism to Freud
Handbook of the history of Finnish literature : (second and revised edition)
Philippine literature from ancient times to the present
Time and reality : studies in contemporary fiction
Major figures of contemporary Austrian literature
Inside Charlie's chocolate factory : the complete story of Willy Wonka, the golden ticket and Roald Dahl's most famous creation
A history of Indian literature. Vol. [9], 1911-1956 : Struggle for freedom: triumph and tragedy
Sicily : a literary guide for travellers
A guide to English literature
Gothic romanced : consumption, gender and technology in contemporary fictions
Reading the world : confessions of a literary explorer
East-Central European literary studies
The Brontësaurus : an A-Z of Charlotte, Emily & Anne Brontë (& Branwell)
Virgin and veteran readings of Ulysses
The tutorial history of English literature
Jane Austen, the secret radical
A history of Polish literature
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
World of Shakespeare : picture book
An introduction to English literature
Writers at work : the Paris review interviews. 1. series
Studies in the history of Old English literature
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
Globe : life in Shakespeare's London
In search of Anne Brontë
The discarded image : an introduction to medieval and Renaissance literature
A history of Chinese literature
A history of Indian literature. 2, Buddhist literature and Jaina literature
Writers and rebels : the literature of insurgency in the Caucasus
Supergods : our world in the age of the superhero
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Transitions in American literary history
"This volume investigates Deuteronomy's subversive intent within its social context, and reconsiders the relationship between Deuteronomy and Assyria, its relationship to ancient Near Eastern and biblical treaty and loyalty oath traditions, and the relevance of its treaty affinities to discussions of its date"--
Reader's guide to literature in English
The logic of inversion : twentieth century Japanese utopias
Modernist futures : innovation and inheritance in the contemporary novel
The literary Churchill : author, reader, actor
Renaissance and humanism from the Central-East European point of view : methodological approaches
Words of power : studies in Rabbinic authority and literature
Václav Havel, or Living in truth : twenty-two essays published on the occasion of the award of the Erasmus Prize to Václav Havel
Out of Inferno : Strindberg's reawakening as an artist
South African literature beyond the cold war
Senegalese literature : a critical history
Poets of hope and despair : the Russian symbolists in war and revolution (1914-1918)
History of Icelandic prose writers 1800-1940
A history of English literature
Modern poetry and the tradition
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
Aspects of South African literature
A curious invitation : the forty greatest parties in literature
New studies in modern Russian literature and culture : essays in honor of Stanley J. Rabinowitz
J. R. R. Tolkien : the making of a legend
The pioneer in the American novel 1900-1950
A short history of Polish literature. Part one : From the beginnings until the early 19th century / Waclaw Walecki ; [translation: Andrzej Branny]
Twitterature : the world's greatest books retold through twitter
English literary renaissance
The history of modern Bulgarian literature
The faith of William Shakespeare
Outlines of classical literature : for students of English
Writers at work : the Paris review interviews
Long drums and cannons : Nigerian dramatists and novelists
History of literature in the English language. 8, American literature to 1900
Andalucia : a literary guide for travellers
For more than twenty-five centuries, all that the world knew of the poems of Sapphothe first woman writer in literary historywere a few brief quotations preserved by ancient male authors. Yet those meager remains showed such power and genius that they captured the imagination of readers through the ages. But within the last century, dozens of new pieces of her poetry have been found written on crumbling papyrus or carved on broken pottery buried in the sands of Egypt. As recently as 2014, yet another discovery of a missing poem created a media stir around the world. The poems of Sappho reveal a remarkable woman who lived on the Greek island of Lesbos during the vibrant age of the birth of western science, art, and philosophy. Sappho was the daughter of an aristocratic family, a wife, a devoted mother, a lover of women, and one of the greatest writers of her own or any age. Nonetheless, although most people have heard of Sappho, the story of her lost poems and the lives of the ancient women they celebrate has never been told for a general audience.
Australian literature : an historical introduction
An anthology of world literature
A history of Canadian literature
The Osamu Tezuka story : a life in manga and anime
Under another sky : journeys in Roman Britain
Israel and the Assyrians : Deuteronomy, the succession treaty of Esarhaddon, and the nature of subversion
Handbook of the history of Finnish literature
The Secret library : a book-lovers' journey through curiosities of history
The concise Oxford companion to English literature
Northrop Frye and American fiction
Dead white guys : a father, his daughter and the great books of the Western World
Calcutta : a cultural and literary history
Shakespeare's gardens
Handbook of Latin American literature
Fifty key classical authors
A history of French literature
A study of Old English Literature
The Victorians and after : 1830-1914
The literature of the Spanish people : from Roman times to present day
See inside the world of Shakespeare
White Field, black seeds : Nordic literacy practices in the long nineteenth century
West Indian literature
A history of Indian literature. Vol. 8, 1800-1910 : Western impact: Indian response
The emergence of African fiction
The fantasy tradition in American literature : from Irving to Le Guin
Echo's bones
The story of Beatrix Potter
Fallen women : a sceptical inquiry into the treatment of prostitutes, their clients and their pimps, in literature
On the continuity of English prose from Alfred to More and his school
Neither East nor West : postcolonial essays on literature, culture and religion
Stranger than life : cartoons and comics, 1970-2013
The story of world's literature
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
The history of the Scandinavian literatures : a survey of the literatures of Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Iceland and Finland, from their origins to the present day, including scandinavian-american authors, and selected bibliographies
American literature : the makers and the making
A history of Peruvian literature
Gold pollen and other stories
A glimpse of Estonian literature
Ender's world : fresh perspectives on the SF classic Ender's Game
The widows of Russia and other writings
Cultic revelations : studies in modern historical cult personalities and phenomena
Monks, clerks, and King Arthur: reading Geoffrey of Monmouth in the twelfth and thirteenth centuries
The prose factory : literary life in England since 1918
European literature and the Latin Middle Ages
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Doubles : studies in literary history
Funk & Wagnalls Guide to modern world literature
Classical Persian literature
Robin Hood : myth, history and culture
Weimar Germany : writers and politics
The American novel and the nineteen twenties
A history of Indian literature. 500-1399 : from courtly to the popular
Roth unbound : a writer and his books
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
Main currents in American thought : an interpretation of American literature from the beginnings to 1920
A survey of Estonian literature
Searching for Sappho : the lost songs and world of the first woman poet : including new translations of all of Sappho's surviving poetry
The urban mind : cultural and environmental dynamics
A brief history of Estonian book
The pageant of America : a pictorial history of the United States. Vol. 11, The American spirit in letters
Dispute poems and dialogues in the ancient and mediaeval Near East : forms and types of literary debates in Semitic and related literatures
The eternal Adam and the new world garden : the central myth in the American novel since 1830
The song of Middle-earth : J. R. R. Tolkien's themes, symbols and myths
A literary tour of Italy
Sir Henry Neville was Shakespeare : the evidence
The 101 greatest plays : from antiquity to the present
A short history of classical Chinese literature
Literature and society in South Africa
Telling times : writing and living, 1950-2008
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
The Great Grisby : two thousand years of exceptional dogs
Higher gossip : essays and criticism
Bellow : a biography
Images of rupture between East and West : the perception of Auschwitz and Hiroshima in Eastern European arts and media
Think back on us : a contemporary chronicle of the 1930's
The cowboy politics of an enlightened future : history, expansionism, and guardianship in Isaac Asimov's science fiction
