http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1715 soundscape
soundscape
The spatial aural exciter
On the soundscapes of two public libraries in Helsinki
You don't hear anything 'round here! : cognitive maps and auditory perception
Soundscape stories from Finland
Into the void
Acoustic communication
Classification of sound, sound tools, and soundscapes
Tones in the soundscape : the listener's listenpoint
Site of sound : of architecture and the ear / edited by Brandon LaBelle and Steve Roden
Soundscapes in urban and rural planning and design : a brief communication of a research project
We cannot simply listen to our urban past. Yet we encounter a rich cultural heritage of city sounds presented in text, radio and film. How can such "staged sounds" express the changing identities of cities? This volume presents a collection of studies on the staging of Amsterdam, Berlin and London soundscapes in historical documents, radio plays and films, and offers insights into themes such as film sound theory and museum audio guides. In doing so, this book puts contemporary controversies on urban sound in historical perspective, and contextualises iconic presentations of cities. It addresses academics, students, and museum workers alike.
Dolls in between the media and reality / Eeva-Mari Haikala
The tuning of the world
Nordic Days
Äänijooga : wellbeing through sound and movement
Sound : a very short introduction
Sound and aural media in postmodern literature : novel listening
Sound : sound in art and culture
From awareness to action : proceedings from "Stockholm, Hey Listen!" Conference on acoustic ecology, Stockholm, June 9-13, 1998
Acoustic environments in change
Sonic experience : a guide to everyday sounds
Soundscape : the School of Sound lectures 1998-2001
Urban sound environment
In this wide-ranging book, Frances Dyson examines the role of sound in the development of economic and ecological systems that are today in crisis. Connecting early theories of harmony, cosmology, and theological doctrine to contemporary media and governance, Dyson uses sound, tone, music, voice, and noise as forms of sonority through which the crises of "eco" can be read. The sonic environment, Dyson argues, is fundamental to both sense and sensibility, and its delimitation has contributed to the "senselessness" of a world now caught between spiraling debt and environmental degradation. Dyson draws on scenes, historical moments, artworks, and artistic and theoretical practice to situate the reverberative atmosphere that surrounds and sustains us. From Pythagoras's hammer and the transmutation of music into mathematics, to John Cage's famous experience in the anechoic chamber, to the relocation of the stock market from the street to the computer screen, to Occupy Wall Street's "people's microphone": Dyson finds policies and practices of exclusion. The sound of Pythagoras's forge and the rabble of the market have been muted, rearticulated, and transformed, Dyson argues, through the monotones of media, the racket of financialization, and the gibberish of political speech. Informed by contemporary sound art, philosophy, media and sociopolitical theory, The Tone of Our Times offers insights into present crises that are relevant to a broader understanding of how space, the aural, and listening have shaped and continue to shape the world we live in.
"This book researches both how game sound affects a player psychologically, emotionally, and physiologically, and how this relationship itself impacts the design of computer game sound and the development of technology"--
Development and evaluation of augmented reality audio systems
The World Soundscape Project's handbook for acoustic ecology
The tone of our times : sound, sense, economy, and ecology
Nightingale songs
Resting by the river
Ubiquitous listening : affect, attention, and distributed subjectivity
Fascination : viewer friendly TV journalism
Wild soundscapes : discovering the voice of the natural world : a book and CD recording
Music engineering
Constructing urban space with sounds and music
Gentle water lullaby
Cultural histories of noise, sound and listening in Europe, 1300-1918
The sonic identity of European cities : a presentation of the work conducted by the Swiss-French researcher Pascal Amphoux
Deep listening : a composer's sound practice
Sound : dialogue, music and effects
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
Klactoveesedstene : music, soundscape and me
Looking for a 'right method' - approaching beyond
Construction of Sound Models using Freely Available Data
Music in science fiction television : tuned to the future
Listening to sounds in sonic praxis : implications for music education
Sound is integral to how we experience the world, in the form of noise as well as music. But what is sound? What is the physical basis of pitch and harmony? And how are sound waves exploited in musical instruments? In this book Mike Goldsmith looks at the science of sound and explores sound in different contexts, covering the audible and inaudible, sound underground and underwater, acoustic and electric, and hearing in humans and animals. He also considers the problem of sound out of place - noise and its reduction.
IMPROVe : exploring modes of listening
Relax with the sounds of nature
Polku : designing an interactive sound installation based on soundscapes
Music, sound and space : transformations of public and private experience
"This study examines postmodern literature-- including works by Kurt Vonnegut, William Gaddis, Don DeLillo, Philip K. Dick, Ishmael Reed, and Thomas Pynchon --arguing that one of the formal logics of postmodern fiction is heterophonia: a pluralism of sound. The postmodern novel not only bears earwitness to a crucial period in American aural history, but it also offers a critique of the American soundscape by rebroadcasting extant technological discourses. Working chronologically through four audio transmission technologies of the twentieth century (the player piano, radio, television audio, and Muzak installations), St. Clair charts the tendency of ever-proliferating audio streams to become increasingly subsumed as background sound. The postmodern novel attends specifically to this background sound, warning that inattention to the increasingly complex sonic backdrop allows for ever more sophisticated techniques of aural manipulation--from advertising jingles to mood-altering ambient sound. Building upon interdisciplinary work from the emerging field of sound culture studies, this book ultimately contends that a complementary, yet seemingly contradictory double logic characterizes the postmodern novel's engagement with narratives of aural influence. On the one hand, such narratives echo and amplify postwar fiction's media anxiety; on the other hand, they allow print fiction to appropriate the techniques of aural media. This dialectical engagement with media aurality--this simultaneous impulse to repudiate and to utilize--is the central mechanism of the heterophonic novel."--Publisher's website.
Soundscapes of the urban past : staged sound as mediated cultural heritage
Soundscape studies and methods
Falling waters
Soundscape studies, experimental music, and time geography
Subjectivity and soundscape, motorbike and music
Listening : an introduction to the perception of auditory events
Substantials #02 : Substantials is a publication of the center for contemporary art, cca kitakyushu. This issue features a series of lecture at the sound workshop held in dec. 17 - 20, 2003 and in dec. 8 - 11, 2004 / [editor: Akiko Miyake]
The great animal orchestra : finding the origins of music in the world's wild places
Street listening : a characterisation of the sound environment : the "qualified listening in motion" method
A history of performing pitch : the story of "A"
Camp Crystal Lake
Site interpretation by skilled listeners : methods for communicating soundscapes in landscape architecture and planning
City of noise : sound and nineteenth-century Paris
Towards a social ecological soundscape
Soundscape ecology : principles, patterns, methods and applications
Strange and sacred noise
Autumn leaves : sound and the environment in artistic practice
The ever-new then : on the materialisation of historic sound forms
I am sitting in a room : for voice on tape
Yearbook of soundscape studies. Vol. 1, 1998, Northern soundscapes
Northland : soundscape polaroids
The sense of sound
The new soundtrack. Volume 4, issue 2, 2014, [Perspectives on sound design]
A sound education : 100 exercises in listening and sound-making
Siren City : sound and source music in classic American noir
Relax with the sounds of nature : Song of the whales
Urban sonotopes : towards a participatory design
The blessed noise and little moo : aspects of soundscape in cowsheds
Soundscape - art and science : R. Murray Schafer interview
CNCD
Conceptual design methods for game sound
Seeking heaven : sound journeys into the beyond
Soundscape Research: Sounds That Describe the Image of Keski-Uusimaa and Riihimäki Region in Marketing the Area
Excess of free speech
Soundscapes : essays on vroom and moo
Memory, space, sound
Songs from the deep : Le chant des baleines
Sonic theology : Hinduism and sacred sound
Through a pre-memory
Into a wild sanctuary : a life in music & natural sound
Helmut Lemke 2004 - 2007 : The site the sound requires - über den hörwert XI
Exotica : fabricated soundscapes in a real world
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Sound sculpture : intersections in sound and sculpture in Australian artworks
Cars, buildings and soundscapes
Ecological psychoacoustics
"The late 1960s and 1970s are widely recognized as a golden age for American film, as directors like Francis Ford Coppola, George Lucas, and Martin Scorsese expanded the Hollywood model with aesthetically innovative works. As this groundbreaking new study reveals, those filmmakers were blessed with more than just visionary eyes; Designing Sound focuses on how those filmmakers also had keen ears that enabled them to perceive new possibilities for cinematic sound design. Offering detailed case studies of key films and filmmakers, Jay Beck explores how sound design was central to the era’s experimentation with new modes of cinematic storytelling. He demonstrates how sound was key to many directors’ signature aesthetics, from the overlapping dialogue that contributes to Robert Altman’s naturalism to the wordless interludes at the heart of Terrence Malick’s lyricism. Yet the book also examines sound design as a collaborative process, one where certain key directors ceded authority to sound technicians who offered significant creative input."
The soundscape designer
The voice of place : a case-study of the soundscape of the city quarter of Klara, Stockholm
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
Abstract: Towards an artificial soundscape?. -  can we design modern soundscapes as we please?.
Producing great sound for digital video
The unwanted sound of everything we want : a book about noise
Piano notes : the hidden world of the pianist
The Oxford handbook of sound studies
Generative sound design : complexity, realness, and quality : including study cases of an interactive 3D environment sound research and a generative sound installation
Art to measure / Helga Lara Thorsteinsdottir
Creating soundscapes
Northern nostalgy : reading sound diary from the south
Manifesto for silence : confronting the politics and culture of noise
La reveil des oiseaux en Normandie = Birds awakening in Normandy
A city traced by soundscape
Winter diary : journal of the making of a radio program
One square inch of silence : one man's search for natural silence in a noisy world
Sound
Immediate invisible
Written by the world's leading scholars and researchers in sound studies, this handbook offers new and engaging perspectives on the significance of sound in its material and cultural forms.
The noises of American literature, 1890-1985 : toward a history of literary acoustics
The urban nightingale : or some theoretical considerations about sound and noise
Voices of tyranny : temples of silence
The music of fantasy cinema
Riverrun : von der menschlichen Stimme, dem Universum der Klänge und Geräusche inmitten der Stille : Klangreise in das Studio Akustische Kunst der WDR = a sound journey into WDR's Studio of Acoustic Art = on the human voice, the universe of sounds and noises amidst the silence
Game sound technology and player interaction : concepts and development
Towards an artificial soundscape? : can we design modern soundscapes as we please?
Defining edges and districts : ceramiscene in the territory of Nepi (VT, Lazio, Italy)
On the sound related to painted caves and rocks
The music of the environment
Fidelity matters : sound media and realism in the 20th century
Selected soundscape bibliography
Rhythmicity
When Soundscape Studies Encounter Buddhism : Methodology Development of Soundscape Studies conducted at Chinese Buddhist Temples
Why birds sing : a journey into the mystery of bird song
The Vancouver soundscape
Vocal neighborhoods : A collection from the Post-sound Poetry Landscape
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
Environmental sound artists : in their own words
Performative listening : hearing others in qualitative research
Designing sound : audiovisual aesthetics in 1970s American cinema
Deus ex machina : the audio production for Adel Abidin's "Blueprint"
