http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17101 philosophy of history
philosophy of history
The poverty of historicism
David Hume (1711-1776), philosopher, historian, and essayist, is widely considered to be Britain's greatest philosopher.One of the leading intellectual figures of the Scottish Enlightenment, his major works and central ideas, especially his radical empiricism and his critique of the pretensions of philosophical rationalism, remain hugely influential on contemporary philosophers. This comprehensive and accessible guide to Hume's life and work includes 21 specially commissioned essays, written by a team of leading experts, covering every aspect of Hume's thought. The Companion presents details of Hume's life, historical and philosophical context, a comprehensive overview of all the key themes and topics apparent in his work, including his accounts of causal reasoning, scepticism, the soul and the self, action, reason, free will, miracles, natural religion, politics, human nature, women, economics and history, and an account of his reception and enduring influence. This is an essential reference tool for anyone working in the fields of Hume Studies and Eighteenth-Century Philosophy.
Thucydides and the idea of history
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
A study of history. Volume VI
A study of history. Volume II
The muqaddimah : an introduction to history : in three volumes. 1
Who needs the past? : indigenous values and archaeology
Giambattista Vico's science of humanity
Debates with historians
History and cultural theory
Theories and narratives : reflections on the philosophy of history
Modern philosophy of history : its origin and destination
Sketch for a historical picture of the progress of the human mind
What is history for? : Johann Gustav Droysen and the functions of historiography
Philosophy of history after Hayden White
Meaning in history : the theological implications of the philosophy of history
The political uses of history : a study of historians in the French Restoration
Post-structuralism and the question of history
People's history and socialist theory
The philosophy of history in our time : an anthology selected, and with an introduction and commentary
The 10th volume of the International Yearbook of German Idealism attends to the issue of History. The contributions examine from different perspectives the various roles of history, historiography, philosophy of history and philosophical historiography in German Idealism and analyze their impact in the 19th and 20th century.
Presenting history : past and present
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
The rebirth of an image : transformation in the construction of meaning in painting : a case study of Diego Velázquez' and Francis Bacon's papal portraits of Innocent X
Introduction to The philosophy of history : with selections from The philosophy of right
What is cultural history?
The human comedy as devised and directed by mankinditself
Frank Ankersmit's lost historical cause : a journey from language to experience
My philosophy and other essays on the moral and political problems of our time
Origen : philosophy of history & eschatology
World order in history : Russia and the West
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
The unseen hand : an introduction to the conspiratorial view of history
Historical knowing
Towards a theological understanding of history
Philosophy as a path to happiness : attainment of happiness in Arabic Peripatetic and Ismaili philosophy
A menace to society : radicalism and legal scholarship in the United States, Scandinavia, and Finland, 1965-1980
Horrors of war : historical reality and philosophy
The proper study of mankind : an anthology of essays
The end of time : a meditation on the philosophy of history
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
A terrible beauty : the people and ideas that shaped the modern mind : a history
Time maps : collective memory and the social shape of the past
Lectures on the philosophy of world history. [1], Introduction : reason in history
Women in political theory
A history of women's political thought in Europe, 1400-1700
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
The historical imagination of G. K. Chesterton : locality, patriotism, and nationalism
A study of history. Volume IV
The constitution of the historical past
Historied thought, constructed world : a conceptual primer for the turn of the millennium
A comprehensible universe : the interplay of science and theology
The muqaddimah : an introduction to history : in three volumes. 2
What if there had been no World War I or no Russian Revolution? What if Napoleon had won at Waterloo in 1815, or if Martin Luther had not nailed his complaints to the church door at Wittenberg in 1517, or if the South had won the American Civil War? The questioning of apparent certainties or 'known knowns' can be fascinating and, indeed, 'What if?' books are very popular. However, this speculative approach, known as counterfactualism, has had limited impact in academic histories, historiography, and the teaching of historical methods. In this book, Jeremy Black offers a short guide to the subject, one that is designed to argue its value as a tool for public and academe alike. Black focuses on the role of counterfactualism in demonstrating the part of contingency, and thus human agency, in history, and the salutary critique the approach offers to determinist accounts of past, present, and future.
Philosophies of history : meeting of East and West in cycle-pattern theories of history
The meaning of history
The hedehog and the fox : an essay on Tolstoy's view of history
An intelligent person's guide to history
The politics of rationality : reason through Occidental history
What is history? : the George McCaulay Trevelyan lectures delivered in the University of Cambridge January-March 1961
History and hope : progress in freedom : the Berlin conference of 1960
The end of history and the last man
The pattern of the past : can we determine it? : by Pieter Geyl, Arnold J. Toynbee and Pitirim A. Sorokin
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
A study of history
Meaning in history : W. Dilthey's thoughts on history and society
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
Sometimes an art : nine essays on history
The myth of the West : America as the last empire
Other pasts, different presents, alternative futures
Structure of social theory
Experience and history : phenomenological perspectives on the historical world
The state, justice, and the common good : an introduction to social and political philosophy
Meaning in history
Sins of a historian : perspectives on the problem of anachronism
Rethinking Historical Distance
A study of history. Volume VII
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
The logic of historical explanation
The expression of historical knowledge
Essays in the philosophy of history
Selected writings
The theory and practice of revolt in medieval England
The muqaddimah : an introduction to history
Abstract: Seven conceptions of liberty.
A study of history. Volume V
A new philosophy of history
God, history, and historians : an anthology of modern Christian views of history
Signs of change : premodern, modern, postmodern
Dialectic of enlightenment : philosophical fragments
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Experiments in rethinking history
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
The philosophy and politics of Czech dissidence from Patočka to Havel
The life and thought of Lev Karsavin : "strength made perfect in weakness..."
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
Practicing history : new directions in historical writing after the linguistic turn
A study of history. Volume I
Posthistoire : has history come to an end?
On history
History of the philosophy of history
History and human relations
What is history?
The development of the monist view of history
Between philosophy and history : the resurrection of speculative philosophy of history within the analytic tradition
An introduction to philosophy of history
Storylines : politics, history and narrative from an Arendtian perspective
Vico and Naples : the urban origins of modern social theory
Philosophy of history
History and the humanities
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
History and freedom : lectures 1964-1965
Continuum companion to Hume
Civilization on trial
Futures past : on the semantics of historical time
The idea of history
History as the story of liberty
Alexandre Kojève and the outcome of modern thought
The archaeology of knowledge and The discourse on language
The Art of Comics is the first-ever collection of essays published in English devoted to the philosophical topics raised by comics and graphic novels. In an area of growing philosophical interest, this volume constitutes a great leap forward in the development of this fast expanding field, and makes a powerful contribution to the philosophy of art. * The first-ever anthology to address the philosophical issues raised by the art of comics* Provides an extensive and thorough introduction to the field, and to comics more generally* Responds to the increasing philosophical interest in comic art * Includes a preface by the renowned comics author Warren Ellis* Many of the chapters are illustrated, and the book carries a stunning cover by the rising young comics star David Heatley.
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Historical inevitability : delivered on 12 May 1953 at the London School of Economics and Political Science
The evolution of everything : how small changes transform our world
Meaning and representation in history
Derrida's critique of Fukuyama's claim that history "as we know it" has ended is highlighted as one of his most valuable contributions to the postmodern cultural debate. This book places Derrida's rejection of Fukuyama's claim within the context of a wider tradition of 'endist' thought.
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
The dark abyss of time : the history of the earth & the history of nations from Hooke to Vico
What? : are these the twenty most important questions in human history
A study of history. Volume VIII
A guide to the good life : the ancient art of stoic joy
Selected philosophical themes, 2. Vol. 2, Contemporary thought and politics
Attitudes toward history
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
The nature of historical knowledge
The philosophy of history in our time : an anthology
Practicing history : selected essays
Dialectic of enlightenment
Marx's theory of history
The nervous system
The City of God. [Vol. I]
Derrida and the end of history
Karl Marx's interpretation of history
The muqaddimah : an introduction to history : in three volumes. 3
Making history : agency, structure and change in social theory
Heritage and challenge : the history and theory of history
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Nature and historical experience
Orpheus philologus : Bachofen versus Mommsen on the study of antiquity
Liberation or catastrophe? : reflections on the history of the twentieth century
Empire and nation in Russian history
The ends of history : questioning the stakes of historical reason
A short history of modern philosophy : from Descartes to Wittgenstein
Fifty major political thinkers
"The study of space and place is unquestionably becoming an important research focus in the humanities and social sciences. And while there is an expanding body of theoretical work on the importance of these concepts in various disciplines, less attention has been paid to how spatial ideas and approaches can actually be deployed to understand the societies, cultures, and mentalities of the past. In this volume, leading experts explore the uses of space in two respects: how spatial concepts can be employed by or applied to the study of history, and how spaces and spatial ideas were used for practical and ideological purposes in specific periods. Together, the contributors represent a comprehensive range of disciplines concerned with space and history, including archaeology, social history, intellectual history, imperial history, geography, and cartography, allowing for an unusually broad variety of case studies and perspectives"--
On history and other essays
History and modernity in the thought of Thomas Hobbes
The barometer of modern reason : on the philosophies of current events
Selected works. Vol. 3, The formation of the historical world in the human sciences
Analytical philosophy of history
On the philosophy of history
The problem of historical knowledge : an answer to relativism
A study of history. Volume X
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
Concord and liberty
"The past has always been elusive: how can we understand people whose worlds were utterly different from our own without imposing our own standards and hindsight? What did things feel like in the moment when outcomes were uncertain? How can we recover the uncertainties of the past, before the outcomes were known? What kind of imagination goes into the writing of transformative history? Are there latent trends that distinguish the kinds of history we now write? How unique was North America among the far-flung peripheries of the early British empire?" --From publisher's website.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
The Russian moment in world history
Who owns history? : rethinking the past in a changing world
Understanding history : Marxist essays
The contemporary Dutch historical theorist/philosopher Frank Ankersmit, an erstwhile advocate and promulgator of what has become known as "the linguistic turn" in historical theory, is very well known within the discipline. His early position with regard to the historical text is frequently discussed and evaluated today, and his writings on the subject are often cited. However, this former narrativist position, so robustly and effectively defended by Ankersmit in the past, has been progressively marginalized by Ankersmit himself as his current and radically different theoretical position, most fully expressed in his recent publication Sublime Historical Experience, now (for him) takes precedence. Yet, despite this radical shift in Ankersmit's position, this conspicuous "conversion" of an eminent prime mover in the field of mainstream language centred historical theory, there has been no comprehensive and sustained (investigative) critique of his various works taken in the whole. Consequently, there has until now been no close reading and analytical dissection of that whole, such that Ankersmit's overall trajectory of philosophical thought might be adequately discerned, and perhaps even explained. In short, there is a vacant space here, and the function of this book is, precisely, to fill that space.
On aesthetics : an unforgiving introduction
Fifty key contemporary thinkers : from structuralism to postmodernity
Earth and sky, history and philosophy : island images inspired by Husserl and Merleau-Ponty
Explanation in social history
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Public history and heritage today : people and their pasts
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Fire alarm : reading Walter Benjamin's On the concept of history
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
The creative centuries : a study in historical development
Fire alarm : reading Walter Benjamin's "On the concept of history"
Truth in history
The discovery of time
Nothing but history : reconstruction and extremity after metaphysics
Breaking up time : negotiating the borders between present, past and future
The German conception of history : the national tradition of historical thought from Herder to the present
The art of comics : a philosophical approach
History of madness
The past is a foreign country
Discourses on the meaning of history
Laws and explanation in history
History and social theory
History and becoming : Deleuze's philosophy of creativity
Memory, politics and religion : the past meets the present in Europe
Against the current : essays in the history of ideas
What is history today ...?
A study of history. Volume III
History and historians : a historiographical introduction
Introduction to the history of civilization in England
Wilhelm Dilthey's philosophy pf history
The what and the why of history : philosophical essays
The powers of the past : reflections on the crisis and the promise of history
A short history of progress
Theories of history
Fifty key thinkers on history
White mythologies : writing history and the West
History : a very short introduction
The laws of imitation
The flow of ideas : Russian thought from the enlightenment to the religious-philosophical renaissance
The philosophy of history
A study of history. Volume IX
The uses of space in early modern history
