http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17126 throat
throat
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck. Part 1
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 1, Inside the voice
Neurolaryngology : recent advances
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers.
Vocal fold physiology : acoustic, perceptual, and physiological aspects of voice mechanisms
Manual of dysphagia assessmant in adults
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 3, Inside the singing voice
Understanding voice problems : a physiological perspective for diagnosis and treatment
Breathing, swallowing and voice in laryngeal disorders
Laryngeal teaching series. Volume 2, Inside the scream
"Understanding Voice Problems: A Physiological Perspective for Diagnosis and Treatment emphasizes the physiological perspective of voice disorders and the behavioral and emotional factors that can influence these changes. Readers will find a strong foundation in normal phonatory physiology and acoustics as well as pathophysiology arising from voice misuse, abuse, or neurological involvement. Coverage includes in-depth explorations of patient interviewing, history-taking, examination, and testing and discussions of pediatric and geriatric voice considerations. The book contains numerous illustrations, including full-color plates of vocal fold pathologies. A companion Website features nearly 30 video clips that demonstrate healthy, normally functioning larynges at work, plus larynges with various pathological problems"--Provided by publisher.
The throat and its functions in swallowing, breathing and the production of the voice
Laryngeal human papillomavirus infection
Voice function and quality of life in laryngectomees
From speech physiology to linguistic phonetics
Allergy in ENT practice : the basic guide
Adenoviral gene therapy for advanced head and neck cancer
Presents dissections of unembalmed human bodies, allowing access to specific content through indexes and keyword searches. The specimens rotate relative to the camera, giving a three-dimensional view. Synchronized narration introduces strutures and their relationships. Links to section contents and index appear throughout; the main menu offers access to the index, table of contents (including review) and glossary for each disc.
Color atlas and textbook of human anatomy. 2, Internal organs
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 4, The head and neck ; Part 1
A perfect teaching tool for singing and speaking voice teachers!
Acland's DVD atlas of human anatomy. DVD 3, The trunk
