http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17121 common use
common use
Collaborative communities : cohousing, central living, other new forms of housing with shared facilities
Governing societies : political perspectives on domestic and international rule
Think like a commoner : a short introduction to the life of the commons
The media in Southeast Europe
Scapegoat : a history of blaming other people
Distributed user interfaces : usability and collaboration
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
The battle over homework : common ground for administrators, teachers, and parents
Kill the messenger
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Nudging in public service design : a research project of designing a common laundry room service for HOAS
Towards sustainable transport : A comparison of demographic and behavioural characteristics of Finnish and international car sharing users
While the author illuminates his discussion with references to Weber, Marx, Freud, Plato, Dostoevsky, Orwell, Hobbes, Arendt, and Machiavelli, he keeps his arguments grounded in contemporary practical issues, such as class conflicts, multi-party politics, and parent-child relationships.
Espoo-Helsinki-Kauniainen-Sipoo-Vantaa : development strategy for municipalities' joint land use : basis for discussion
Occurrence of potentially harmful drug combinations among Finnish primary care patients
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
How to create the school of the future : revolutionary thinking and design from Finland
Two billion cars : driving towards sustainability
Language, power and identity
States over the past 500 years have become the dominant institutions on Earth, exercising vast and varied authority over the economic well-being, health, welfare, and very lives of their citizens. This concise and engaging book explains how power became centralized in states at the expense of the myriad of other polities that had battled one another over previous millennia. Richard Lachmann traces the contested and historically contingent struggles by which subjects began to see themselves as citizens of nations and came to associate their interests and identities with states, and explains why the civil rights and benefits they achieved, and the taxes and military service they in turn rendered to their nations, varied so much. Looking forward, Lachmann examines the future in store for states: Will they gain or lose strength as they are buffeted by globalization, terrorism, economic crisis and environmental disaster? This book offers a comprehensive evaluation of the social science literature that addresses these issues and situates the state at the center of the world history of capitalism, nationalism and democracy.
Forests for poverty reduction : can community forestry make money? : proceedings of the workshop, 1-2 September 2003, Beijing, China
Analysis of technology and business antecedents for spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks
The anatomy of power
Social sciences as sorcery
Value creation in collaboration between software suppliers and customers: suppliers’ perspective
Microsoft Excel and Access : integration with Microsoft Office 2007
What's mine is yours : how collaborative consumption is changing the way we live
Territorial cohesion and the European model of society
Social media in the public sector : a guide to participation, collaboration, and transparency in the networked world
Power : its forms, bases, and uses
Barries to utilization of focused antenatal care among pregnant women in ntchisi district in Malawi
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
Aristocrats : power, grace and decadence : Britain's great ruling classes from 1066 to the present
The new opening provides the reader with a deeper appreciation of the non-reductionist character of the book as a whole.
What's mine is yours : the rise of collaborative consumption
Time use research in the social sciences
Coordinated multi-antenna techniques for cellular networks:Pilot signaling and decentralized optimization in TDD mode
State of Finland's forests 2007 : based on the criteria and indicators of sustainable forest management
Coercion and autonomy : philosophical foundations, issues, and practices
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
Rorschach, WAIS and three psychomotor tests as a test battery : a methodological and normative study with a large Finnish sample
Seminar on Strategies for the Sound Use of Wood, Poiana Brasov, Romania, 24-27 March 2003 : report of the seminar
Policy, interest and power : studies in strategies of research utilization
Collective action in commons : its diverse ends and consequences
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
In the 20th century humanity consumed products faster than ever, but this way of living is no longer sustainable. This new and important book shows how technological advances are driving forms of 'collaborative consumption' which will change forever the ways in which we interact both with businesses and with each other. The average lawn mower is used for four hours a year. The average power drill is used for only twenty minutes in its entire lifespan. The average car is unused for 22 hours a day, and even when it is being used there are normally three empty seats. Surely there must be a way to get the benefit out of things like mowers, drills and even cars, without having to carry the huge up-front costs of ownership? There is indeed. Collaborative consumption is not just a buzzword, it is a new win-win way of life. This insightful and thought-provoking new book by Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers is an important and fast-moving survey of the dramatic changes we are seeing in the way we consume products. Many of us are familiar with freecycle, eBay, couchsurfing and Zipcar. But these are just the beginning of a new phenomenon. Rachel Botsman and Roo Rogers have interviewed business leaders and opinion formers around the world to draw together the many strands of Collaborative Consumption into a coherent and challenging argument to show that the way we did business and consumerism in the 20th century is not the way we will do it in the 21st century.
Consumer behaviour in collaborative consumption : an empirical study regarding motivations and experiences in car sharing
Politics and ambiguity
In detail : housing for people of all ages
Language as ideology
Sharing is emerging as one of the megatrends influencing future business opportunities, and wireless communications is no exception to this development. Future mobile broadband networks will operate on different types of spectrum bands including shared spectrum, which calls for changes in the operation and management of the networks. The creation and capture of value by the different players in the mobile broadband ecosystem is expected to change due to regulation, technology, and business landscape related drivers that concern not only spectrum sharing, but also sharing of other resources such as infrastructure, technologies, or data. This thesis examines the key business and technology enablers needed to exploit spectrum sharing in mobile broadband networks, and presents the business model characteristics and strategic choices that spectrum sharing concepts support. Action research and integral scenarios methodologies were applied for strategic and business analysis utilizing the capacity and expertise of the policy, business and technology research communities. The thesis introduces a new approach to analyze the scalability of the spectrum sharing concepts and their business model elements utilizing sharing economy antecedent factors. The results indicate that all analyzed sharing concepts meet basic requirements to scale. The Licensed Shared Access (LSA) leverages existing assets and capabilities of the mobile network operator domain, the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS) extends the business model dynamics from connectivity to content, context and commerce, and the hybrid usage of Ultra High Frequency (UHF) band by Digital Terrestrial TV (DTT) and downlink Long Term Evolution (LTE) (HUHF) enables new collaborative opportunities between converging communication, Internet and media domains. The thesis validates the feasibility of spectrum sharing between mobile broadband networks and other types of incumbent spectrum users utilizing Finnish cognitive radio field trial environment (CORE), and expands the notion of spectrum sharing beyond the mobile broadband domain to be applied to other wireless systems including the media and broadcasting. The presented results can be used in developing the future mobile broadband systems enhanced with innovative spectrum sharing enabled business models to cope with the growing demand for capacity and new services by humans and machines.
World of illusion, world of control : the lecture notes
The castle
Sperling and Gordon outline the problem in full and assign blame squarely where it belongs--on the auto-industry, short-sighted government policies, and consumers. They consider the issue from all angles and take up such topics as getting beyond the gas-guzzler monoculture, breaking Detroit's hold on energy and climate policy, the search for low-carbon fuels, California's pioneering role, and more. --  Promising advances in both transportation technology and fuel efficiency together with shifts in traveler behavior, they suggest, offer us a way out of our predicament. -- Ultimately, the authors contend that the two places that have the most troublesome emissions problems, California and China, are the most likely to become world leaders on these issues
Collaborative land use in northern Sweden : a study of incentives and transaction costs between forestry and reindeer husbandry
Mobility between LTE and CDMA networks using mobile IP
Decoding and lossy forwarding based multiple access relaying
An idea-fueled book that explores the rise of new economic models based on shared resources and collective consumption--and the first articulation of a major socioeconomic phenomenon.
The broken stairways to consensus : village justice and state courts in Minangkabau
In his new introduction, prepared for the 1995 edition of Power, the author reconsiders the concept of power, now locating it in the broader traditions of the social sciences rather than as a series of actions and actors within the sociological tradition. As a result, Wrong emphasizes such major distinctions as "power over" and "power to," and various conflations of power as commonly used.
Brave new world
Sharing is good : how to save money, time and resources through collaborative consumption
Politics of Cain : one hudred years of crisis in Somali politics and society
Standard setting and competition in securities settlement
The establishment
Drug use among the home-dwelling elderly : trends, polypharmacy, and sedation
The Sage handbook of governance
Bioenergy - realizing the potential
Interactions of nandrolone and psychostimulant drugs on central monoaminergic system
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Managing and sharing research data : a guide to good practice
Research funders in the UK, USA and across Europe are implementing data management and sharing policies to maximize openness of data, transparency and accountability of the research they support. The book features guidance on: how to plan your research using a data management checklist, how to format and organize data, how to store and transfer data, research ethics and privacy in data sharing and intellectual property rights, data strategies for collaborative research, how to publish and cite data, how to make use of other people’s research data, illustrated with six real-life case studies of data use.
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Living with the media : analysing talk about information and communication technology
Joint-use libraries : libraries for the future
Nature for sale : the commons versus commodities
Daily life in a crumbling empire : the absorption of Russia into the world economy. Vol. 2
Linux in a Windows world
Integrating Excel and Access
The aim of this thesis is to devise novel co-primary spectrum sharing (CoPSS) methods for future fifth generation (5G) networks and beyond. The target is to improve data rates of small cell networks (SCNs) in which mobile network operators (MNOs) share their dedicated frequency spectrum (spectrum pooling) or a common spectrum (mutual renting). The performance of the proposed methods is assessed through extensive system-level simulations.MNOs typically acquire exclusive usage rights for certain frequency bands and have little incentive to share spectrums with other operators. However, due to higher cost and spectrum scarcity at lower frequencies it is expected that efficient use of the spectrum in 5G networks will rely more on spectrum sharing than exclusive licenses. This is especially true for new higher candidate frequencies (> 6 GHz) that do not have a pre-existing spectrum regulation framework.In the first part of the thesis, we tackle the challenge of providing higher data rates within limited spectral resources. Each SCN MNO has its own dedicated spectrum, and each MNO defines a percentage of how much its spectrum it is willing to share. The idea of the proposed CoPSS algorithms is that the spectrum is dynamically shared among MNOs based on their spectrum utilization, which is shared among MNOs in the network. This way interference can be avoided and spectrum utilization is maximized. Unused resources are shared equally between overloaded MNOs for a given time instant. Thus, only short-term fairness among overloaded SCNs can be guaranteed.In the second part, we consider a multi-operator small cell network where MNOs share a common pool of radio resources. The goal is to ensure the long term fairness of spectrum sharing without coordination among small cell base stations. We develop a decentralized control mechanism for base stations using the Gibbs sampling based learning tool, which allocates suitable amount of the spectrum for each base station while avoiding interference from SCNs and maximizing the total network throughput.In the studied scenarios, we show the importance of coordination among MNOs when the dedicated spectrum is shared. However, when MNOs share a common spectrum, a decentralized control mechanism can be used to allocate suitable amounts of spectrum for each base station. The proposed algorithms are shown to be effective for different network layouts, by achieving significant data rate enhancements with a low overhead.
In one grand effort, this is an anatomy of power, a history of the ways in which it has been defined, and a study of its forms (force, manipulation, authority, and persuasion), its bases (individual and collective resources, political mobilization), and its uses. The issues that Dennis Wrong addresses range from the philosophical and ethical to the psychological and political. Much of the work is punctuated with careful examples from history.
States and power
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
The Chinese Machiavelli : 3000 years of Chinese statescraft
Interactions of nandrolone and psychostimulant drugs on central monoaminergic systems
Joint use libraries : an international conference, Manchester UK 19-21, June 2007 : proceedings
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
The American political process
Nordic Hug, Pure Form : Disinfection and Cleaning Packaging Solutions for Touch Screen Devices
Breakthrough Windows Vista : find your favorite features and discover the possibilities
Society, culture, and drinking patterns
Spectrum sharing using cognitive radio system capabilities : methods to obtain and exploit knowledge of spectrum availability
Co-primary multi-operator resource sharing for small cell networks
Wives, husbands and alcohol : a study of informal drinking control within the family
Vertical handoff and mobility : system architecture and transition analysis
