http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17120 reservations (areas)
reservations (areas) reserves
Scalped. 4 : The gravel in your guts
Incident at Oglala
A history of the Navajos : the reservation years
Management of recreation and nature based tourism in European forests
The round house
Scalped. 3 : Dead mothers
Apache reservation : indigenous peoples and the American state
Scalped. 1 : Indian country
Recurrent themes and sequences in North American Indian-European culture contact
High stakes : Florida Seminole gaming and sovereignty
With one sky above us : life on an Indian reservation at the turn of the century
Braid of feathers : American Indian law and contemporary tribal life
Encounter on the Great Plains : Scandinavian settlers and the dispossession of Dakota Indians, 1890-1930
Scalped. [7], Rez blues
Mohawk interruptus : political life across the borders of settler states
The fallen man
Scalped. 2 : Casino boogie
Scalped. 6 : The gnawing
Scalped. 7 : Rez blues
Reservation preservation : powwow dance, radio, and the inherent dilemma of the preservation process
Reservation blues
American Indians & national parks
The plague of doves
Scalped. 8 : You gotta sin to get saved
Navajo-Hopi border of 1974 : its impact on Navajo identity
The Brazilian indigenous problem and policy : the example of the Xingu National Park
Scalped. 5 : High lonesome
Weedflower
The Brazilian indigenous problem and policy : the Aripuanã Park
The old west
A grammar of Jamul Tiipay
Older than America
Wildlife ecology and management
Scalped. 9 : Knuckle up
Scalped. [6], The gnawing
"Building the nation back up" : the politics of identity on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation
Blindness : a novel
Comanches : The History of a People
State of Alaska : map B
The people named the Chippewa : narrative histories
The community apart : a case study of a Canadian Indian reserve community
The Albuquerque Navajos
Maps of experience : the anchoring of land to story in Secwepemc discourse
Lived land : identification with places in Navajo society 1800-1930
Scalped. 10 : Trail's end
Changing lived worlds of contemporary Amazonian native young people : Manchineri youths in the reserve and the city, Brazil-Acre
