http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17197 large cities
large cities
Veil of fire : a novel
An inch of ashes
The mega-city in Latin-America
Space, culture and power : new identities in globalizing cities
London : a short history
Urban futures : economic growth and poverty reduction
Population growth and policies in mega-cities. Bangkok
World cities in a world-system
Single in the city : a survey of China's single women
Will Eisner's New York : life in the big city
The white mountain
European metropolises : the Baltic Sea cities in European context
Urban agglomerations 2001
Superfrog and the big stink
The challenge of megalopolis : a graphic presentation of the urbanized northeastern seaboard of the United States
Chowringhee
Cities of difference
Mega-city growth and the future
The exploding metropolis
Looking for the role of nature experiences in planning and decision making : : a perspective from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area
Re-presenting the city : ethnicity, capital and culture in the twenty-first century metropolis
Village of stone
Population growth and policies in mega-cities. Metro Manila
Nightwalking :  a nocturnal history of London, Chaucer to Dickens
Re-inventing the postcolonial (in the) Metropolis
"This book explores the relationship between urban form and greenhouse gas emissions in China, providing new insights for policy, urban planning and management. Drawing on the results of a four-year multidisciplinary research project, the book examines how factors such as urban households' access to services and jobs, land use mixes and provision of public transport impact on greenhouse gas emissions. The authors analyse data from a wide range of sources including 4677 sample households from four major Chinese cities--Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Xi'an--with diverse locations, urban spatial structures and population sizes. The book explores residents' attitudes to reducing GHG emissions and advances knowledge relating to three environmental scales--cross-metropolitan, intra-city and neighbourhood level. It also contributes to debates on low carbon policy by revealing the relevance of urban planning parameters at both the macro and micro levels. The book will be of interest to scholars in the areas of urban planning, urban management, environmental sustainability and resource utilisation, as well as urban policy makers and planners who are working toward developing low carbon, sustainable cities of the future" -- Provided by publisher.
Place matters : Metropolitics for the twenty-first century
The economic map of urban Europe : a comparative study of 45 European metropolises
Brody's ghost. Book 6
Sources of metropolitan growth
Maisy goes to the city
Capital : a portrait of twenty-first century Delhi
New York
Population growth and policies in mega-cities : Seoul
The story of London : from Roman river to capital city
The metropolis era. Vol. 1, A world of giant cities
Adjaye Africa architecture : photographic survey of metropolitan architecture
Claude in the city
Urbs in rure : the metropolitan fringe in Hertfordshire
Brody's ghost. Book 5
Urban affairs and urban policy
The Columbus city guide : Europe
Urban policy and the exterior city : federal, state and corporate impacts upon major cities
Postcard killers : a novel
Bright shiny morning
City squares of the world
Urban inequality : evidence from four cities
London's underworld : being selections from 'Those that will not work' the fourth volume of 'London labour and the London poor'
Managing water resources to meet megacity needs : proceedings of the Regional Consultation, Manila, 24-27 August 1993.
Summoned to tourney : an urban fantasy
Greater London : the story of the suburbs
Making cultural cities in Asia : mobility, assemblage, and the politics of aspirational urbanism
Megacity management in the Asian and Pacific region : policy issues and innovative approaches. A summary of the Regional Seminar on Megacities Management in Asia and the Pacific Region, Manila, Philippines, 24-30 October, 1995.
The elegance of hedgehog
At just over forty, David Adjaye is one of the worlds most exciting and accomplished architects, and has built many highly acclaimed houses and public buildings in the UK and USA. Over a ten-year period, the Tanzanian born, London-based architect has visited 53 major African cities and photographed thousands of buildings, sites and places that few of us will ever be able to visit. This 7-volume slipcased edition documents Adjaye's tribute to African metropolitan architecture. The individual volumes present cities according to the terrain in which they are situated the Maghreb, Desert, The Sahel, Savannah and Grassland, Mountain and Highveld, and Forest. Each city is shown in a concise urban history, fact file, maps and satellite imagery, along with Adjaye's personal travel notes and dozens of photographs of the city's civic, commercial and residential architecture. All six terrain volumes feature an introductory essay by Adjaye, and a separate volume is dedicated to essays by leading academics and commentators on Africa.
Superfrog and the big stink!
Population growth and policies in mega-cities : Delhi
That was then, this is now
Conclusion (s. 28-29).
Preserving the world's great cities : the destruction and renewal of the historic metropolis
Visions of the modern city : essays in history, art, and literature
Selected poems
Navigating troubled waters : an analysis of how urban water regimes in the global South reproduce inequality
The broken wheel
Dirty magic
Black cat
Kinder than solitude : a novel
Education policy, space, and the city : markets and the (in)visibility of race
"A thousand-story tower stretching into the sky. A glittering vision of the future where anything is possible -- if you want it enough. Welcome to Manhattan, 2118. A hundred years in the future, New York is a city of innovation and dreams. Everyone there wants something ... and everyone has something to lose." -- From dustjacket.
30-second New York : the 50 key visions, events and architects that shapes the city, each explained in half a minute
Governing metropolitan regions
Brody's ghost. Book 3
Metropolitan preoccupations : the spatial politics of squatting in Berlin
Green hornet. Volume four : Red hand
The world cities
The Hiawatha
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
Metropolis and region
Public libraries in the urban metropolitan setting
The New York trilogy
Megacity management in the Asian and Pacific region : policy issues and innovative approaches : proceedings of the regional seminar, Manila, Philippines, 24-30 October 1995
Hack : stories from a Chicago cab
The Iron saint. Vol. 1
Green hornet. Volume 1 : Sins of the father
China's urban space : development under market socialism
See inside great cities
Deadly Spells
London : a travel guide through time
The hieroglyphics of space : reading and experiencing the modern metropolis
Bright young things
Ice and fire
Imagining cities : scripts, signs, memory
Brody's ghost. Book 2
Metropolitan CEE : big cities, capitals and city-regions in central and eastern Europe
Cursed moon
Smart about cities : visualising the challenge for 21st century urbanism
Minimum wage. Book two : The tales of Hoffman / edited by Gary Groth ; foreword by Dana Gould
Metropolitan London : politics and urban change 1837-1981
The Middle Kingdom
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Chicago's near south side : revisiting the South Loop and South Armour Square, 2001
Towards low carbon cities in China : urban form and greenhouse gas emissions
Commodity chains and world cities
Taming megalopolis. 1, What is and what could be
Challenge for survival : land, air, and water for man in megalopolis
Home style by city : ideas and inspiration from Paris, London, New York, Los Angeles, and Copenhagen
The Penguin book of the city
Margot : Queen of the night
Population growth and policies in mega-cities. Madras
The child in the city
Humans of New York : stories
Cultural capitals : early modern London and Paris
The lonely city : adventures in the art of being alone
There's creatures everywhere / Dorothee Bienert
Copenhagen : on the housing battlefield : an analysis of the causes of spatial segregation in a multi-ethnic metropolis and its effects on quality of teaching and the racist discourse
Real time : stories and a reminiscence
Metropolis : center and symbol of our times
Conclusion (s. 42-43).
The global and local spaces in the city : two sides of the same coin : the case of eternal city and its spaces
Street environmentalism : civic associations and environmental practices in the urban governance of Third World megacities
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Inferno
North-South interface : PolyMETREXplus RINA Athens, Thessaloniki, Sofia, Bucharest, Warsaw, Vilnius and Helsinki
Great cities of the world : their government, politics and planning
The thousandth floor
Money in the bank
Megalopolis : the giant city in history
The challenge of urbanization : the world's large cities
New York is very much alive : a manpower view
Benn's London : everyone's London, culture, leisure, trading and shopping, pads and palaces, rural London, the river
Brody's ghost. Book 1
Housing the workers, 1850-1914 : a comparative perspective
Divergent regional economies in Europe : Helsinki and Baltic Sea metropolises in the network of European regions
East End fashionistas
Growth centres in the European urban system
Neither public nor private : unpacking the Johannesburg water corporatization model
The Usborne book of London
Living the urban challenge : sustainable development and social sustainability in two southern megacities
Metropolis : centre and symbol of our times
Cities for citizens : planning and the rise of civil society in a global age
After the cosmopolitan? : multicultural cities and the future of racism
Watchmen : the deluxe edition
Brody's ghost. Book 4
There were many horses
25th hour - viimeinen ilta
Planet of slums
The competitive city : the political economy of suburbia
The containment of urban England. 1, Urban and metropolitan growth processes, or, Megalopolis denied
Changes in society, crime and criminal justice in Europe : a challenge for criminological education and research = Changements de société, crime et justice penale en Europe : un défi pour l'enseignement et pour la recherche en criminologie. Vol. 1, Crime and security in the city = Délinquance et insécurité urbaines
Old problems in new times : urban strategies for the 1990s
Underground time
Lagos : the city is the people
Green hornet. Volume three : Idols
The art of war
Thick space : approaches to metropolitanism
International centers and world cities : an experimental approach to calculate the international hierarchy of cities
Challenge for survival : land, air and water for man in megapolis
James Boswell's urban experience in eighteenth-century London
Metropolis : ten cities, ten centuries
Taming megalopolis. 2, How to manage an urbanized world
Urban life in Texas : a statistical profile and assessment of the largest cities
Metropolitics : a regional agenda for community and stability
London : the illustrated history
Planning metropolitan landscapes : concepts, demands, approaches
Paral-lel City
Green hornet. Volume 2 : Wearing o' the green
Population growth and policies in mega-cities. Bombay
Communicating civic or historical pride? The city hall in Scandinavian capital cities
Uncommon London
