http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17155 bills of sale
bills of sale
Discovering the role of information technology in disruptive innovations : enabler, sustainer or barrier?
Four essays on implementation theory
Startup dilemmas : strategic problems of early-stage platforms on the internet
A dictionary of economics and commerce
Spillover effects of foreign entry on local firms and business networks in Russia : a case study on Fazer Bakeries in St. Petersburg
Market potential for customised tools in the German engineering industry
Consumption, youth and new media : ‡b the debate on social issues in Brazil
Business law : for business and marketing students
A short course in international contracts : drafting the international sales contract
Understanding e-learning system users' post-adoption usage behavior and its outcomes ; a Study of a Learning Management system
Where science meets its use : - Exploring the emergence of the practical relevance of scientific knowledge in the regional context
Sale and purchase
Datenherrschaft : an ethically justified solution to the problem of ownership of patient information
Evaluation of the outcomes of entrepreneurship education revisited : evidence from Estonia and Latvia
Why do bookshops matter? How do they filter our ideas and literature? This book takes you on a journey around the world, via its bookshops. The author's travels take him to Shakespeare & Co in Paris, Wells in Winchester, Green Apple Books in San Francisco, Librairie des Colonnes in Tangier, the Strand Book Store in New York and provoke encounters with thinkers, poets, dreamers, revolutionaries and readers. This book is the travelogue of a lucid and curious observer, filled with anecdotes and stories from the universe of writing, publishing and selling books. A bookshop in the author's eyes never just a place for material transaction; it is a meeting place for people and their ideas, a setting for world changing encounters, a space that can transform lives. Far from taking a pessimistic view of the future of the physical bookshop, this book makes a compelling case for hope, underlining the importance of these places and the magic that can happen there. A vital manifesto for the future of the traditional bookshop, and a delight for all who love them.
A manual on bookselling : how to open & run your own bookstore
How to find love in a book shop
The boy in the suitcase
Social capital inheritance, resource co-optation and performance in corporate spin-off firms
How a Small Japanese E-retailing Company Can Expand Its Operations Abroad : Case Agrade
1990 supplement to the German commercial code : as amended to Jan. 1, 1989.
The little shop of happy ever after
Exploring agency in entrepreneurship development : a narrative approach
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Incidents in the night. Book one
West's legal forms. 15, Commercial transactions : secured transactions, letters of credit, sections 57.4 to end, tables and index
Essays on the demand for information goods
Basic documents in international business : cases and excercises
Elements of import practice
The impact of CRM system development on CRM acceptance
Management of major accidents : Communication challenges and solutions in the preparedness and response phases for both authorities and companies
Nightingale Books, nestled on the high street in Peasebrook, a picture-postcard Cotswold town, is a dream comes true for booklovers. Everyone who enters falls in love with something. But owner Emilia Nightingale is struggling to keep the shop open and the developers are circling. The temptation to sell up is proving enormous - but what about the promise she made to her father? Not to mention her customers, for whom the shop is a comfort, a meeting place, a lifeline. There's Gary, a stable lad for a nearby trainer, who buys books to read to Nikki, who is lying in a coma. He spends every spare hour at Nikki's bedside, never giving up hope that she will come round. Betty, who runs a supper club from her tiny cottage, has a huge crush on a man she met and then lost in the cookery section, somewhere Auguste Escoffier and Marco Pierre White. Mrs Norris repeatedly 'forgets' to pay for her books - and Emilia never has the heart to remind her. But Mrs Norris isn't quite as forgetful as she pretends ... And then Emilia meets Dexter, local jack-the-lad, who is looking to improve his English so he can better himself. He buys all Emilia's recommendations, and together they re-discover all her favourite authors. But Dexter has a secret, and is not all he seems ...
Weird things customers say in bookshops
Dictionary of Trade and Technical Terms of International Shipping : English, French, Spanish
Export practice and documentation
Marketing strategy: Case study Citius Wiki ERP/ECM software
Dictionary of international trade : handbook of the Global Trade Community : includes 12 key appendices
Studies on institutions and central bank independence
Threat or opportunity? acquisitions of minority shareholdings in the context of competition law, in light of the European Commission’s white paper: European Commission’s white paper: towards more effective EU merger control (COM (2014) 449 final)
Under the hammer : book auctions since the seventeenth century
The ICC Model Occasional Intermediary Contract : Non-circumvention and non-disclosure agreement
The little bookshop of lonely hearts
Mobile Internet start-ups as a potential market for angel investors
Abstract: Customer Satisfaction Survey to Zeppelin Shopping Centre.
West's legal forms. 12, Commercial transactions : sale of goods, sections 1.1 to 17
You
Enabling experiences - the role of operators and tour leaders in creating and managing package tourism experiences
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Anglo-russkij obŝeèkonomičeskij i vnešnetorgovyj slovar' : okolo 24 000 termonov i sočetanij = English-Russian general economic and foreign trade dictionary : about 24 000 terms and expressions
China trade law : code of the foreign trade law of the People's Republic of China = Code du droit du commerce extérieur de la République populaire de Chine
The return of the honey buzzard
After me comes the flood
ICC Model Contract  for the Turnkey  Supply of an Industrial Plant
Resource access and creation in networks for service innovation
The rise & fall of great powers : a novel
Enhancing Staff & Educational Development [Ellibs-kirja]
The ICC Short Form Model Contracts : International Commercial Agency : International Distributorship
English for business colleges. 2, Oppilaan kirja
M-commerce adoption in Kajaani
"Once again I gained so much" : understanding the value of business-to-business sales interactions from an individual viewpoint
The ICC Model International Franchising Contract
The ICC Model International Sale Contract : Manufactured goods intended for resale
Business German : a complete course for beginners
Japanese Business Dictionary : [English-Japanese]
E-commerce usability : tools and techniques to perfect the on-line experience
The little bookshop on the Seine
Bookshops
Theorizing formal and informal feedback practices in management accounting through three dimensions
Essays on the macroeconomic effects of taxation
ABC for book collectors
Abstract.
New school ties : social capital and cultural knowledge creation in multicultural learning environments
The futures markets dictionary
The Profitability of Technical Trading System in Vietnamese Stock Market
Discussions forums : from idea creation to incremental innovations / focus on heart-rate monitors
Three things you need to know about rockets
Still believing in virtual worlds: a decomposed approach
Murder is binding : a Booktown mystery
West's legal forms. 13, Commercial transactions : commercial paper, sections 18.1 to 37
Analytical index : Guide to GATT law and practice
Drafting : its application to conveyancing and commercial documents
The bookshop book
Talking Business French
West's legal forms. 14, Commercial transactions : documents of title, secured transactions, sections 38.1 to 57.3
Shakespeare and Company
Browse : the world in bookshops
The Penguin dictionary of commerce
Open EDI and law in Europe : a regulatory framework
More weird things customers say in bookshops
Enhancing organizational business process perception : experiences from constructing and applying a dynamic business simulation game
A gift to remember
