http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17141 commentaries (works)
commentaries (works)
The fourth Gospel : interpreted in its relation to contemporaneous religious currents in Palestine and the Hellenistic-Oriental world
The Acts of the Apostles : a shorter commentary
Confessions. 3, Commentary on Books 8-13; Indexes
The Divine Comedy : Inferno. 2, Commentary
Guide to the rDzing phyi monastery
William Neil's one volume Bible commentary
Al-Mīzān : an exegesis of the Qurʼān
The Old Testament library. Jeremiah : a commentary
Olympiodorus (AD c. 500–570), possibly the last non-Christian teacher of philosophy in Alexandria, delivered 28 lectures as an introduction to Plato. This volume translates lectures 10–28, following from the first nine lectures and a biography of the philosopher published in translation in a companion volume, Olympiodorus: Life of Plato and On Plato First Alcibiades 1–9 (Bloomsbury, 2014). For us, these lectures can serve as an accessible introduction to late Neoplatonism. Olympiodorus locates the First Alcibiades at the start of the curriculum on Plato, because it is about self-knowledge. His pupils are beginners, able to approach the hierarchy of philosophical virtues, like the aristocratic playboy Alcibiades. Alcibiades needs to know himself, at least as an individual with particular actions, before he can reach the virtues of mere civic interaction. As Olympiodorus addresses mainly Christian students, he tells them that the different words they use are often symbols of truths shared between their faiths.
The book of the prophet Jeremiah : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The books of the chronicles : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The books of kings : critical edition of the Hebrew text
1 and 2 Samuel
The Prophecy of Daniel : a commentary
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume IV
The Commentary on the Gospel of John is the only surviving, primarily christological work of Theodore of Mopsuestia to have reached our time. The original Greek fragments of The Commentary on the Gospel of John are an invaluable guide in the discussion of Theodore's christology, bridging the gap between the hostile florilegia and the Syriac hagiographies that have dominated the field for so long. Written in the early fifth century, this commentary reflects the author's ongoing attempts to interpret and support the Nicene and Constantinopolitan definitions of faith in a time when theological language was still in flux.
The Alexandra attributed to Lykophron is a minor poetic masterpiece. At 1474 lines, it is one of the most important and notoriously difficult Greek poems dating from the Hellenistic period (most likely the early second century BC). Most of the poem purports to be a prophecy by the mythical Trojan princess, Kassandra, the most beautiful of the daughters of King Priam, and her prophecy ranges from the Trojan war to the Roman defeat of Macedon in 197 BC, which took place in the poet's own time. The poem's importance arises from the light which it sheds on Greek religion (in particular the role of women), on foundation myths and myths of colonial identity, and on local - especially Italian - cults and cult places. The difficulty of the poem stems from its unusual vocabulary - many words of ancient Greek are found only in this poem - and the riddling and indirect way in which most of the many mythological characters are introduced. As well as providing the Greek text in full and its English translation, this volume provides the first ever full-length commentary in English on the poem.
The Homeric catalogue of ships
Selected prose
The Routledge guidebook to Plato's Republic
Hermeneia - A critical and historical commentary on the Bible
The book of Job
On Aristotle Physics 4.6-9
Studies in the Gospel according to St. Mark : for private and united study
The Qur'ān : a new annotated translation
2. Maccabees : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The Qur'an and its interpreters. Vol. 2, The house of 'Imrān
The Apocriticus purports to be the record of a four-day public debate between a pagan philosopher, whom the text calls simply the "Hellene," and the author, Macarius, a Christian rhetor. The text is a rich, though often neglected, source for the history of intellectual and cultural conflict between Christian and Hellene intellectuals in the fourth century CE. While the Apocriticus has frequently attracted the attention of scholars as a possible source of fragments from Porphyry's Against the Christians, the text as a whole is significant in its own right. Macarius defends the allegorical reading of scripture and presents interesting discussions concerning ascetic practice and the cult of the martyrs. The philosophical and theological eclecticism of the text should also be of interests to scholars of early Christianity and later ancient philosophy. The fictitious dialogue weaves together philosophical and theological arguments, often in a "popularized" form. The text thus represents an interesting contrast to more formal "high" philosophical and theological texts of the period.
The book of Genesis : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The Federalist : a commentary on the Constitution of the United States
Unlearning with Hannah Arendt
The New Testament library. Luke : a commentary
The books of Ezra and Nehemiah
Galatians : Pentecostal commentary
The Gospels
Word biblical commentary. Vol. 6 A, Deuteronomy 1:1-21:9, revised
A commentary on the Gospel according to St Mark
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Book of Esther
On Aristotle Posterior analytics 1.19-34
The book of the prophet Ezekiel : critical edition of the Hebrew text
King Henry VI. Part 1 / edited by Edward Burns
The divine plan
The author is well known for his translations of other commenataries of Theodoret on biblical books. The explicit sexuality of Song of Songs was a problem for Patristic commentators, particularly those in Antioch, and so Theodoret's work exposed the Antiochenes to the allegorical approach of Origen of Alexandria.
The interpreter's one-volume commentary on the Bible : including all the books of the Old and New Testaments and the Apocrypha, together with forty-three general articles
The Anchor Bible. 25C, Zechariah 9-14
The Gospel of Matthew
New Cambridge Bible commentary
The Acts of the Apostles : a commentary
Colossians : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The Iliad of Homer : books XIII-XXIV
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume VII
On Aristotle Meteorology 1.4-9, 12
Freedom as liberating power : a socio-political reading of the exousia texts in the Gospel of Mark
Ezekiel : a commentary based on Iezekiēl in Codex Vaticanus
Al-Ḥasan ibn Mūsā al-Nawbaḫtī : commentary on Aristotle "De generatione et corruptione"
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Book of Kings
Polybius Book I : a commentary
Averroes' commentary on Plato's Republic
The letters of Paul to the Philippians and to the Thessalonians
The Gospel according to John : commentary
Narrative of the life of Frederick Douglass, an American slave, written by himself : authoritative text, contexts, criticism
Judith : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Philological and historical commentary on Ammianus Marcellinus XXX
A commentary on the Qur'ān. Volume 1 : (Surahs 1-24)
The New Testament library. Revelation : a commentary
The classical commentary : histories, practices, theory
The book of the prophet Isaiah : critical edition of the Hebrew text
Isaiah 13-39 : a commentary
The book of Job : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The mystery of anointing : Hippolytus' commentary on the Song of songs in social and critical contexts ; texts, translations, and comprehensive study
The commentary on the De arithmetica of Boethius
The books of Samuel : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The Old Testament library. Haggai and Zechariah 1-8 : a commentary
Meknowt'iwn Araraçoc' = Commentary on Genesis
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 124, Commentary on the Twelve Prophet, vol. 3
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume II
The divine comedy : Purgatorio. 2, Commentary
The C. S. Lewis Bible : New Revised Standard Version = NRSV
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume XI
The First Epistle to the Corinthians
The book of numbers : critical edition of the Hebrew text
This publication presents the combined works of William of Malmesbury, with the commentary on Lamentations. William, a Benedictine monk of Malmesbury in western England (died c. 1143), is well known as the author of major historical works. But his commentary on Lamentations was not published in full until 2011. It presents itself as an abbreviation of the work of a ninth-century predecessor, Paschasius Radbertus. But William aimed to re-write and improve on his source in both content and style. His characteristic mastery of the Bible and of an astonishingly wide range of classical and patristic texts is everywhere apparent. His Latin is elegant, not to say mannered and sometimes obscure, and presents many problems to the translator. William tells us that he had just turned forty, and had moved away from history to something more religious, that would conduce to his own moral improvement and to that of his readers. But the evils of the present age are often attacked, and commentary becomes moralising history by another means. A personal note, too, often comes through. William feels freer in this medium to comment adversely on the Norman conquest of England, and his struggles with the demons that tempted him and with his own conscience are often vividly evoked. Heartfelt prayers regularly round off the sections of his book. Profoundly influenced by Augustine, he made his commentary a meditation. The source text of this volume appeared in Corpus Christianorum Continuatio Mediaeualis as Willelmus Meldunensis monachus – Liber super explanationem Lamentationum Ieremiae prophetae (CCCM 244). References to the corresponding pages of the Corpus Christianorum edition are provided in the margins of this translation.
The annals of Q. Ennius
This edition of St Augustine's City of God is the only one in English to provide a text and translation as well as a detailed commentary of this most influential document in the history of western Christianity. In these books, written in the aftermath of the sack of Rome in AD 410 by the Goths, Augustine replies to the pagans, who attributed the fall of Rome to the Christian religion and its prohibition of the worship of the pagan gods. Following on from Book IX, this book discusses the issue of demons and their role in Platonism as being partly identical with the lesser gods. Having previously argued that in order to achieve the blessed life, we must worship one true God alone, Augustine now continues his discussion using the celebrated Neoplatonist Porphyry as his main source. Whilst applauding aspects of Porphyry's views, Augustine's main concern is to deliver his message that the sole path to blessedness after death is acknowledgement of the Incarnation and Christ as Mediator. Increasingly concerned with promoting the Christian message, Augustine cites the Bible frequently in book X. Latin text with facing-page translation, introduction and commentary.
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume I
Silver Latin epic : a selection from Lucan, Valerius Flaccus, Silius Italicus & Statius
Commentary on the Song of songs
The Pentateuch : a social-science commentary
Cicero's Caesarian speeches : a stylistic commentary
This new book shows how the reception of Acts of the Apostles illuminates not just the biblical text itself but also the attitudes of those interpreting it. The authors journey far beyond their analysis of the exegesis of Acts, tracing its influence on art and music, and charting the ways in which Luke's volume has guided the evangelism, worship practices, and institutions of ecclesiastical communities across the centuries. The potent influence exerted by Acts affirms its place as perhaps the most significant of the New Testament books outside the Gospels themselves. With its accounts of the Ascension and the Pentecost, and its narrative of Paul's conversion and journeys, Acts inspired transcendent works of religious art and acted as a blueprint for the Christian church's commitment to evangelism. The volume analyses the extent of that influence at key turning points in the religious--and political--history of Christianity. This rich volume brings together an impressive array of representations and interpretations demonstrating the myriad ways in which Acts has inspired artists, writers, musicians, and clerics to create cultural treasures as well as to justify the stratagems of powerful vested interests. - back of book.
Ancient Christian commentary on Scripture : New Testament. 2, Mark
The hymns
P. Vergili Maronis Aeneidos : lib. VII : The wrath of Turnus
The minor declamation ascribed to Quintilian
International critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on John 1-4
The books of Ezra and Nehemiah : critical edition of the Hebrew text
Callimachus' Aetia, written in Alexandria in the third century BC, was an important and influential poem which inspired many later Greek and Latin poets. Papyrus finds show that it was widely read until late antiquity and perhaps well into the Byzantine period. Eventually the work was lost, but thanks to many quotations by ancient authors and substantial papyrus finds a considerable part of it has now been recovered. The aim of the present volumes is to make the Aetia newly accessible to readers. Volume 1 (9780198144915) comprises an introduction dealing with matters such as the work's composition, contents, date, literary aspects, and its function in the cultural and historical context of third-century BC Alexandria, and a text of all the fragments of the Aetia with a translation and critical apparatus; while Volume 2 (9780198144922) presents a detailed commentary, including introductions to the separate aetiological stories.
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. 1 Enoch 2 : a commentary on the book of 1 Enoch : chapters 37-82
Pyrrhonian skepticism has gradually gained a stellar reputation. Rather than being dismissed as extremist and evidently implausible, as it often was in the past, it is now recognized as a philosophically sophisticated outlook, sympathetic to today's commitment to science as a longterm enterprise. Ancient skepticism is now seen as an important position in the history of philosophy and as addressing core questions in epistemology. It is worthwhile to be studied by anyone interested in the nature of investigation, knowledge, belief, language and action. Leading experts contribute to this volume, which offers a philosophical introduction, translation and commentary as well as scholarly essays on one of the most important texts about Pyrrhonian skepticism, Diogenes Laertius' report about Pyrrho and Timon in his Lives of Eminent Philosophers.
Commentary on the First Epistle to the Corinthians : the English text with introduction, exposition and notes
The yellow emperor's classic of medicine : a new translation of the Neijing Suwen with commentary
Offers a history of the interpretation of Chronicles in theology, worship, music, literature and art from the ancient period to the present day, demonstrating its foundational importance within the Old Testament * Explores important differences between the same topics and stories that occur in Chronicles and other biblical books such as Genesis and Kings, including the pious depiction of David, the clear correlation between moral behavior and divine reward, and the elevation of music in worship. - Examines the reception of Chronicles among its interpreters, including rabbis of the Talmud, Jerome, Martin Luther, Johann Sebastian Bach, Cotton Mather, and others, - Features broad yet comprehensive coverage that considers Jewish and Christian, ancient and modern, and secular and pop cultural interpretations - Organizes discussions by verse to illuminate each one s changing meaning across the ages.
This is the first comprehensive study in the English language of the commentaries of Didymus the Blind, who was revered as the foremost Christian scholar of the fourth century and an influential spiritual director of ascetics. The writings of Didymus were censored and destroyed due to his posthumous condemnation for heresy. This study recovers the uncensored voice of Didymus through the commentaries among the Tura papyri, a massive set of documents discovered in an Egyptian quarry in 1941. This neglected corpus offers an unprecedented glimpse into the internal workings of a Christian philosophical academy in the most vibrant and tumultuous cultural center of late antiquity. By exploring the social context of Christian instruction in the competitive environment of fourth-century Alexandria, Richard A. Layton elucidates the political implications of biblical interpretation. Through detailed analysis of the commentaries on "Psalms", "Job", and "Genesis", the author charts a profound tectonic shift in moral imagination as classical ethical vocabulary becomes indissolubly bound to biblical narrative. Attending to the complex interactions of political competition and intellectual inquiry, this study makes a unique contribution to the cultural history of late antiquity. -- Review: "This book retrieves an important Christian thinker from neglect and obscurity. Layton's use of primary texts is exemplary, and his book makes a major contribution to several areas of scholarship--historical, theological, and philosophical." -- David Brakke, author of Athanasius and Asceticism
Chronicles through the centuries
The book of judges : critical edition of the Hebrew text
1 & 2 Chronicles, Ezra, Nehemiah : introduction and commentary
Born about 200 B.C. in Greece to a politically prominent family, Polybius had his own political career cut short when he was deported to Rome as a hostage. During his exile, he commenced the composition of his Histories, with the original goal of examining Rome's rise to supremacy during the years from 220 to 168 B.C.; later he would extend his investigation down to the aftermath of the Third Punic and Achaean wars, which ended in 146 B.C. Of the original forty books of the Histories, today only the first five survive essentially intact, with most of the remaining books represented by fragments of various lengths. In this volume, David D. Phillips presents a commentary on Polybius' first book. The volume includes the definitive text by Theodor Buttner-Wobst, together with detailed commentary on points of linguistic and historical interest, and an introduction to Polybius' life, the Histories (with special attention to book 1), and Polybian language, style, and tone.
Didymus the Blind and his circle in late-antique Alexandria : virtue and narrative in biblical scholarship
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume X
The book of Daniel : critical edition of the Hebrew text
I Chronicles 10-29
This volume provides a comprehensive, accessible introduction to the Gospel of Mark, now widely considered the first recorded treatment of Jesus. Darrell Bock explains how this text, once the least-used gospel, came to be regarded as the starting point for understanding Jesus. Drawing together previous arguments and discussion in a constructive summary, he traces the significance of Mark and addresses key features such as its cultural and historical background, its narrative flow, and the role of Greek in supplying meaning. This commentary highlights the issues Mark's gospel raises and develops Mark's message surrounding Jesus' claims of kingdom authority and salvation, the call to disciples to follow him, and the preparation of those disciples to face suffering in light of their choice. Mark will be a valuable resource for students, teachers, and pastors alike.
1 and 2 Samuel : an introduction and commentary
Lykophron : Alexandra
On Aristotle : Posterior analytics 1.9-18
Callimachus Aetia. Volume 2, Commentary
Quintiliani Institutionis oratoriae liber X : a revised text. Part 1, Introduction and text. Part 2, Notes
An anthology of Qurʼanic commentaries. Vol. 1, On the nature of the divine
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume IX
Casebook on contract law
The IVP womenś Bible commentary
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume XII
The Epistles of John
On Aristotle Physics 4.1-5
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume III
Commentary on the Revelation of Saint John
Theophrasti Characteres
The book of Joshua : critical edition of the Hebrew text
On Plato First Alcibiades 10-28
Callimachus was arguably the most important poet of the Hellenistic age, for two reasons: his engagement with previous theorists of poetry and his wide-ranging poetic experimentation. Of his poetic oeuvre, which exceeded what we now have of Theocritus, Aratus, Posidippus, and Apollonius combined, only his six hymns and around fifty of his epigrams have survived intact. His enormously influential Aetia, the collection of Iambi, the Hecale, and all of his prose output have been reduced to a handful of citations in later Greek lexica and handbooks or papyrus fragments. In recent years excellent commentaries and synthetic studies of the Aetia, the Iambi, and the Hecale have appeared or are about to appear. But there is no modern study in English of the collection of hymns. And while there are excellent commentaries in English on three of the hymns (Apollo, Athena, Demeter), the commentaries on Zeus and on Delos are limited in scope, and there is no commentary at all on the Artemis hymn. Synthetic studies in English for the most part treat only one hymn, not the collection, and tend to focus on Callimachus' intertextual relationships with his predecessors and/or his influence on Roman poetry. Yet recent work is requiring scholars to broaden their perspective and to consider Callimachus' religious, civic, and geo-political contexts much more systematically in attempting to understand the hymns. A further incentive is that apart from the Homeric and Orphic hymns, Callimachus' are the only other hymns that have survived intact; those written in earlier periods are now reduced to fragments. For these reasons a study of the six hymns together is a desideratum. An additional reason is that Callimachus' collection of six hymns is very likely to have been an authorially arranged poetry book, quite possibly the earliest such book that we have intact; therefore, it allows a unique perspective on the evolution of the form.
Tales of Henry James : the texts of the tales, the author on his craft, criticism
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Gospel according to St. Mark
Richard I. Pervo provides the most complete translation of the pseudepigraphic Acts of Paul in English, together with a detailed commentary. The research perspective of this work is primarily literary, with detailed attention to the history of composition and revision. The author encourages a fresh look at this section of the 'Apocraphal Acts' through the lens of the Pauline legacy and in the context of ancient popular narrative.
Homeri Ilias : Volumes I, II and III
Illustrated children's stories from the Old Testament
Exodus : a commentary on the Greek text of Codex Vaticanus
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume V
The fathers of the Church : a new translation. Vol. 123, Commentary on the Apocalypse
Robert Grosseteste's translation of and commentary on the 'Celestial Hierarchy of Pseudo-Dionysius'. This volume contains Robert Grosseteste's translation of the Pseudo-Dionysius's Celestial Hierarchy. The Latin text is accompanied by Grosseteste's translation of the Greek scholia as well as his commentary and notes made on the 'Celestial Hierarchy and scholia'. Grosseteste's commentary is informed by his command of the Greek language which resulted in not only a detailed philological understanding of the Greek but also in a rich interpretation of the mind of Dionysius.
The Pauline Epistles
Word biblical commentary
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. New Testament. The Sermon on the mount : a commentary on the Sermon on the mount, including the Sermon on the plain (Matthew 5:3-7:27 and Luke 6:20-49)
Selections from Vergil
"Highly respected New Testament scholar Craig Keener is known for his meticulous and comprehensive research. This commentary on Acts, his magnum opus, may be the largest and most thoroughly documented Acts commentary available. Useful not only for the study of Acts but also early Christianity, this work sets Acts in its first-century context. In this volume, the first of four, Keener introduces the book of Acts, particularly historical questions related to it, and provides detailed exegesis of its opening chapters. He utilizes an unparalleled range of ancient sources and offers a wealth of fresh insights. This magisterial commentary will be a valuable resource for New Testament professors and students, pastors, Acts scholars, and libraries"--Publisher description.
Let the Bible speak
The merry wives of Windsor
The book of Leviticus : critical edition of the Hebrew text
Reading the Gospels with the early church : a guide
Interpretation of the Revelation of St. John the Divine
Acts : an exegetical commentary. Volume 4, 24:1-28:31
King Henry VI. Part 2 / edited by Ronald Knowles
The book of Psalms : critical edition of the Hebrew text
Suppliant women
Philippians : based on the Revised Standard Version
Pyrrhonian skepticism in Diogenes Laertius
Word biblical commentary. Vol. 9, Ruth ; Esther
Confessions. 2, Commentary on Books 1-7
Acts : a commentary
I Chronicles 1-9
Keys to the Arcana : Shahrastānī's esoteric commentary on the Qurʼan : a translation of the commentary on Sūrat al-Fātiḥa from Muḥammad b. ʻAbd al-Karīm al-Shahrastānī's Mafātīḥ al-asrār wa maṣābīḥ al-abrār
The international critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on Lamentations
The Gospel according to Matthew
Paul's letter to the Romans : a commentary
Mark's Gospel as literature and history
A Commentary on the Psalms. Volume 3 (90-150)
The interpreter's Bible : the Holy Scriptures in the King James and revised standard versions with general articles and introduction, exegesis, exposition for each book of the Bible, in twelve volumes. Volume VI
Theodore of Mopsuestia : commentary on the Gospel of John
Jerome, Vita Malchi : introduction, text, translation, and commentary
The gospel according to Luke : all flesh shall see God's salvation
Old Testament commentary : a general introduction to and a commentary on the books of the Old Testament
This volume offers a full analysis of one of the more intriguing works by a figure who is central to our understanding of Late Antiquity and early Christianity: the translator, exegete, and controversialist Jerome (c.347-419/20AD). The neglected text of the Vita Malchi - or, to use Jerome's title, the Captive Monk - recounts the experiences of Malchus, a monk abducted by nomadic Saracens on the Eastern fringe of the fourth-century Roman Empire, in what today is the border region between southern Turkey and Syria. Most of this short, vivid, and fast-paced narrative is recounted by Malchus in the first person. The volume's introduction provides background information on the author, Jerome, and the historical and linguistic context of the Life, as well as detailed discussion of the work's style and its reception of earlier Christian and classical literature, ranging from its relationship with comedy, epic, and the ancient novel to the Apocryphal Apostolic Acts and martyr narratives. An exposition of the manuscript evidence is then followed by a new edition of the Latin text with an English translation, and a comprehensive commentary. The commentary explores the complex intertextuality of the work and provides readers with an understanding of its background, originality, and significance; it elucidates not only literary and philological questions but also points of ethnography and topography, and intellectual and social history.
The Divine comedy : Inferno. 2, Commentary
Acts of Paul : a new translation with introduction and commentary
The Armenian commentary on Genesis attributed to Ephrem the Syrian
Matthew and the margins : a sociopolitical and religious reading
Commentary on the liturgy of the Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch
Hosea
An abbreviated edition, in paperback, of the two-volume commentary in the critically-acclaimed International Critical Commentary series.For those who lack the linguistic and historical grounding, or the time, to deal with the ICC volumes, this Shorter Commentary retains all the important elements of the introduction and commentary, but excludes foreign-language material, technical notes and excurses. -- Review: "Barrett's ICC volumes contain a vast amount of detail, especially textual and grammatical ... excellent ... represents the distillation of decades of reading and thinking and the writing of numerous articles on aspects of Acts that arose during the preliminary stages of preparing this commentary; his is a very detailed analysis of the Greek texts and the variants ..." Novum Testamentum, 2000
The first Epistle to the Corinthians
The Book of Zechariah
Haggai, Zechariah 1-8 : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Conceptual glossary and index to the Vulgate translation of the Gospel according to John
A New Testament commentary for English readers
"Over the centuries, the prophetic book of Zechariah has suffered from accusations of obscurity and has frustrated readers seeking to unlock its treasures. This work by Mark Boda provides insightful commentary on Zechariah, with great sensitivity to its historical, literary, and theological dimensions. Including a fresh translation of Zechariah from the original Hebrew, Boda delivers deep and thorough reflection on a too-often-neglected book of the Old Testament."--Back cover.
After Paul left Corinth : the influence of secular ethics and social change
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Books of Chronicles
A letter to Hebrews
The books of Joel, Obadiah, Jonah, Nahum, Habakkuk and Zephaniah
A commentary on Martial : epigrams book 9
The Old Testament library. Judges : a commentary
Final volume in acclaimed Psalms commentary by Allen P. Ross. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving one's ability to exposit it with precision and depth. This is the third of a three-volume commentary on Psalms.The commentary includes discussion throughout of the three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: - Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings.- Poetic language: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm.- Grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
Proverbs, ecclesiastes, song of songs
Aeschylus starts his tetralogy boldly, making the Danaids themselves prologue, chorus and protagonist. Guided by their father Danaus, these girls have fled from Egypt, where their cousins want to marry them, to seek asylum in Argos: they claim descent from Io, who was driven to Egypt five generations earlier when Zeus' love for her was detected by jealous Hera. In the long first movement of the play the Danaids argue their claim, pressing it with song and dance of pathos and power, upon the reluctant Argive king. He, forced eventually by their threat of suicide, puts the case to his people, who vote to accept the girls, but while they sing blessings on Argos, Danaus spies their cousins' ships arriving. Left on their own when he goes for help, they sing more seriously of suicide, and seek sanctuary upstage when the Egyptians enter. A remarkable tussle of two choruses ensues; in the nick of time the king arrives, sees off the Egyptians (but they promise a return) and offers his hospitality. The girls want their father, however, and go when guided by him and his escort of Argive soldiers. Their final song has elements of wedding song in it; they share it, provocatively, with the Argives. The rest of the tetralogy is lost, but enough is known to indicate that marriage is the theme. Aeschylus probably surprised his first audience in his use of the myth; his command of theatre and poetry is fully mature.
The book of proverbs : critical edition of the Hebrew text
The international critical commentary on the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments. A critical and exegetical commentary on the Epistle of James
Erin K. Moodie presents a rigorous yet accessible guide to Plautus' satirical play Poenulus for use in the contemporary classroom. Likely written and staged in the years following the Second Punic War between Rome and Carthage, Poenulus tells the tale of a young Carthaginian, the adopted son and heir of the man who purchased him as a slave when he was a child, who is in love with a female Carthaginian slave and prostitute. The comedy, especially Plautus' portrayal of his main character, compels the reader to consider Rome's relationship with Carthage, its former enemy; Plautus' role in choosing and adapting plays for the Roman stage; and the constraints of the palliata genre. A detailed introduction, map, and comprehensive notes approach the text from several angles, enabling the advanced undergraduate or graduate student to grapple directly with the issues the Poenulus raises. The Latin text is based primarily on that of Friedrich Leo, while Moodie's introduction and commentary provide assistance with early Latin grammar and syntax, Plautine meter, Roman history, and the influences on and performance contexts of Roman comedy. The commentary also introduces students to modern scholarship on the genre, including metatheatrical interpretations and performance criticism.
Commentary on the Torah : with a new English translation and the Hebrew text
P. Ovidi Nasonis Tristium liber secundus
A critical and exegetical commentary on the Gospel according to St. John
The first letter to the Corinthians
The Acts of the Apostles through the centuries
The New Testament library. Ephesians : a commentary
A commentary on the Qur'ān. Volume 2 : (Surahs 25-114)
Who was fooling whom?
Elucidation of the intrinsic meaning : so named the commentary on the peta-stories (Paramatthadīpanĩ nāma Petavatthu-aţţhakathā)
The Annals of Q. Ennius
A critical and exegetical commentary on Micah, Zephaniah, Nahum, Habakkuk, Obadiah and Joel
The first and second books of the Chronicles
The Broadman Bible commentary
The first part of Book 30 of Ammianus Marcellinus' Res Gestae is devoted to the military and diplomatic struggle for Armenia between Valens, emperor of the East, and king Sapor II of Persia. The Romans successfully defend their position, until they are forced to deal with the Goths who threaten to cross the Danube border. The second half of Book 30 is dominated by Valentinian I, emperor of the West. Ammianus presents a kaleidoscopic picture of this emperor alternating between admiration for his military qualities and devotion to his duty and bitter criticism of his avarice and cruelty. The account of his death forms the conclusion of Ammianus' treatment of the history of the western half of the Empire.
De anima : books II and III (with certain passages from book I)
A commentary on the Epistle of James
