http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17151 vanadium
vanadium
Potential iron-titanium-vanadium, copper and nickel ore fields in Finland
Experimental investigation of molecular solids and vanadium at high pressure and temperature
The magnetite gabbro and related Mustavaara vanadium ore deposit in the Porttivaara layered intrusion, north - eastern Finland
Monitoring programme of Finnish arable land : Aqua regia extractable trace elements in cultivated soils in 1998
Absolute deposition maps of heavy metals for the Nordic countries based on moss surveys
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
Cobalt in hard metals and cobalt sulfate, gallium arsenide, indium phosphide and vanadium pentoxide
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Thermodynamic analysis of the binary systems Cu-Cr, Cu-Nb and Cu-V
Trace elements in top- and subsoil on selected crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Chemical and electrochemical intercalation of lithium into a V[sub 6]O[sub 13] host
Field balances of trace elements at the farm level on crop and dairy farms in Finland in 2004
Product and process optimization in bilge water processing
Element concentrations in wild edible mushrooms in Finland
On the decomposition of austenite in vanadium - treated fine grain steels
