http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17113 quality awards
quality awards
Total performance scorecard : self-assesment workbook : 40 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average
Process management excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
EFQM excellence model : small and medium enterprise version
The EFQM excellence model for business enterprises : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Fundamental concepts of excellence
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The EFQM excellence model
EFQM excellence one toolbook
The Malcolm Baldrige performance exellence model : 48 good questions and pairs of examples
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM Excellence Model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The CAF model for educational institutions : the common assesment framework : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment workbook : 40 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM Excellence Model for health care organisations : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The EFQM excellence model for health care organisations : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM excellence model : 74 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Learning and development excellence criteria : how to apply the Baldrige and the Investors in People standard : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM excellence model for public organisations : self-assesment work book : what separates the successfull from the avarage?
Seven best practices from Finland : quality work in the Finnish public sector
The EFQM excellence model for entrepreneurs : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Starting up your professional service enterprise : EFQM : self-assesment work book : 31 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Well-being at work : excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 43 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Six sigma excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Competitive advantage through corporate social responsibility : how corporate social responsibility can give the professional service provider a competitive edge : self-assessment work book : 21 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Total performance scorecard : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Intrapreneurship excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : how to identify intrapreneurial ways of thinking and acting
The Baldrige criteria for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 32 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : baldrige : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Managing quality : an integrative approach
The EFQM excellence model for business enterprises : self-assessment work book
Process management exellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Competitive advantage through corporate social responsibility : how corporate social responsibility can give the professional service provider a competitive edge : Baldrige self-assessment work book : 21 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Managing processes in your professional service enterprise : self-assesment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The human resource excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 16 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
On some misconceptions about adaptive dynamics
Well-being at work excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 43 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separetes the successful from the average?
Corporate social responsibility excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Radarise your business for success
How to make strategy work for you : self-assessment work book for SMÉs : 36 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Competitive advantage through mass-customization : self-assessment work book : 39 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Six Sigma : excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Managing change : developing performance excellence
Process management excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The human resource management excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 16 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Starting up your professional service enterprise : baldrige : self-assesment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Learning and development excellence criteria : how to apply the EFQM and the Investors in People (IIP) standard : self-assessment work book : 30 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The Malcolm Baldrige performance exellence model : 91 good questions and pairs of examples
The Baldrige criteria for business enterprises : self-assessment work book : 37 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Aspects of excellence : European Quality Award report 1999
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book: 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Six sigma excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 39 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The human resource management excellence criteria : self-assessment work book : 16 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
The EFQM excellence model : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book : what separates the successful from the average?
Maailman matkailupäivä - World tourism day, Finlandia-talo 27.9.2007 : Tourism opens doors for women
