http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17100 knights
knights
Chivalry : the origins and history of the orders of knighthood
Knights and Chivalry
The quest for the time bird
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 2
Secrets of the Knights Templar : the hidden history of the world's most powerful order
A storm of swords. Part 2 : Blood and gold
The outlaw prince
Arthurian romance : a short introduction
Stories of knights
Mr. Men : adventure with knights
There was an old dragon who swallowed a knight
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
The seven deadly sins. 4
The Usborne official Knight's handbook
A game of thrones
The amazing history of castles & knights
The wizard knight
Aqua knight. volume 1
Small Knight and George and the royal chocolate cake
How to be a medieval knight
Moonshine dragon
Highland master
Good Knight, Bad Knight
A bloody field by Shrewsbury
The red hand : a Guy Gisburne novel
The seven deadly sins. 8
The castle guide
For honor : PS4
The table of less valued knights
God's wolf : the life of the most notorious of all crusaders, Reynald de Chatillon
Crusade. 3 : The Master of Machines
The knight at dawn
The reluctant dragon
Humanitarian diplomacy: the sovereignity of the Order of Malta as a means of help to the poor and sick
The seven deadly sins. 5
Why why why did knights wear heavy armour?
Camelot burning
Dark champion
A dance with dragons
The gallant history of Bevis of Southampton
Sir Lance-a-Little and the Three Angry Bears
Sir Fartsalot hunts the booger : a novel
Combat at the castle
Lioness rampant
Sir Lance-a-little and the most annoying fairy
A knight of the seven kingdoms
Sir Gawain & the green knight : a new verse translation
When Harry and Oats hear strange noises in the castle they set off to explore only to find treasure, shields and yet more knightly adventures in store for them both!
The three wishes
Ransom my heart
Hector and the big bad knight
The Grim company
Sir Scallywag and the battle for stinky bottom
Meet Mike the Knight
The seven deadly sins. 9
Dragon's dogma : PlayStation 3
Songs of the earth
The book of the medieval knight
Belgarath the sorcerer
Norman the naughty knight
Elephant Joe is a knight
The seven deadly sins. 7
The knight and the rose
The seven deadly sins. 2
Sir Lance-a-Little and the ginormous giant
Sir Dancealot
The woman who rides like a man
Midnight thief
Kenny & the dragon
The wizard
The King Arthur trilogy
Castles
The long sword
The knights of the round table
Two-cylinder odyssey : a study of motorcycle travel literature
The sorcerer in the north
How to live like a medieval knight
Tom and the siege
Aqua knight. volume 2
Templar
The night-time knight
The sacred blacksmith. Volume 1
Mike the knight and wizard's treasure
The dread wyrm
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Polaris : chivalric tragedy at the utmost north
Sleepless Knight
The International Commission for Orders of Chivalry
Arms and armour of the medieval knight : an illustrated history of weaponry in the Middle Ages
The harrowing
Clash of empires : the great siege
For My Lady's Heart
Camelot 3000 : The deluxe edition
The Deryni adventure game
The icebound land
The burning bridge
Knights and castles
KNIGHTS OF THE CRUSADES
Solomon's thieves. Book one
Blackmore
Space knights and ice dragons
Sir Scatterbrain, the hopeless knight
The Book of Knights
The ruins of Gorlan
Usborne my very first castles book
Castle diary : the journal of Tobias Burgess, page
Hawk quest : an epic novel of the Norman conquest
The seven deadly sins. 3
The splintered kingdom
Legends of valour
The Ill made knight
Sir Lance-a-little and the terribly ugly troll
Arms & armour of the medieval knight : an illustrated history of weaponry in the Middle Ages
Devil may cry 4 : Xbox 360, Xbox live
Last knights
The Barefoot book of knights
Igraine the brave
Norman knight : AD 950-1204
Kids of the round table
Ace Dragon Ltd
Castles and knights
Knights of the hawk
A plague of swords
Crusade. 4 : The fire beaks
Sir Scallyw and the Golden Underpants
For honor : Xbox One
In 2010, a parcel bomb was sent from Yemen by an al-Qaeda operative with the intention of blowing up a plane over America. The device was intercepted before the plan could be put into action, but what puzzled investigators was the name of the person to whom the parcel was addressed: Reynald de Chatillon - a man who died 800 years ago. But who was he and why was he chosen above all others? Born in twelfth-century France and bred for violence, Reynald de Chatillon was a young knight who joined the Second Crusade and rose through the ranks to become the pre-eminent figure in the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem - and one of the most reviled characters in Islamic history. In the West, Reynald has long been considered a minor player in the Crusades and is often dismissed as having been a bloodthirsty maniac. Tales of his elaborate torture of prisoners and his pursuit of reckless wars against friends and foe alike have coloured Reynald's reputation. However, by using contemporary documents and original research, Jeffrey Lee overturns this popular perception and reveals him to be an influential and powerful leader, whose actions in the Middle East had a far-reaching impact that endures to this day. In telling his epic story, God's Wolf not only restores Reynald to his rightful position in history but also highlights how the legacy of the Crusades is still very much alive.
Small Knight and George
Sworn sword
Mike the Knight and the mighty shield
The seven deadly sins. 1
Historia renarrata : early Benedictine revisions of the First Crusade
The dragon and the nibblesome knight
Sir Lance-a-little and the very Wicked Witch
