http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1717 acoustic environment
acoustic environment
Hiljaisuuden Helsinki = Quiet nooks and corners
"A surprising look at the hidden power of sound, revealing how people and brands can use it to inspire and persuade -- or annoy From horror movie scores to national anthems to the crunchy sound of potato chips, sound and music greatly impact how we feel about our lives and the messages and products we encounter every day. With the right tools and understanding, anyone can cut through the meaningless noise competing for our attention and learn to use sound as a rich storytelling strategy. You don't need to be a musician or a composer to harness the power of sound. Joel Beckerman explains how companies, brands, and individuals can strategically use sound to get to the core of their mission, influence how they're perceived by their audiences, and gain a competitive advantage. The key to these sonic strategies involves creating "boom moments" -- transcendent instants when sound connects with a listener's emotional core. The Sonic Boom draws surprising insights from real world examples: the way Disney parks score every second of their guests' experience; how Chili's restaurants uses lessons from evolutionary psychology to sell tons of sizzling fajitas, how the sound of a special edition Mustang's engine is designed to make drivers feel like action-movie heroes. Sure to appeal to fans of Made to Stick and This Is Your Brain on Music, The Sonic Boom offers readers a powerful new vocabulary for sharing impactful messages with sound"--
The book of music and nature : an anthology of sounds, words, thoughts
Urban forest acoustics
Multimodal representation and intermodal similarity : cues of space in the audio description of film
The science of sound
Sound wise : creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Listening : an introduction to the perception of auditory events
Analysis, synthesis, and perception of spatial sound : binaural localization modeling and multichannel loudspeaker reproduction
Acoustic territories : sound culture and everyday life
The auditory culture reader
Interrupting the city : artistic constitutions of the public sphere
Soundscape studies and methods
Acoustic environments in change
The question of attention in theatre remains relatively unexplored. In redressing this, Theatre and Aural Attention investigates what it is to attend theatre by means of listening. Focussing on four core aural phenomena in theatre - noise, designed sound, silence, and immersion - George Home-Cook concludes that theatrical listening involves paying attention to atmospheres. Such matters are examined as they have arisen in some of the most sophisticated works of theatre sound design of recent years, including Sound & Fury's Kursk, Romeo Castellucci's Purgatorio, Complicite's Shun-kin and Robert Lepage's Lipsynch. In suggesting how theatre works to direct the audience's aural attention, the book also carries out an important enquiry into radio drama (Beckett's All That Fall, Embers, and Pinter's A Slight Ache). This ground-breaking study will be of interest to drama students, sound theorists, practitioner-researchers, performance philosophers, and to anyone curious to explore what it means to attend theatre.
Listening to sounds in sonic praxis : implications for music education
The new soundtrack. Volume 4, issue 2, 2014, [Perspectives on sound design]
The Oxford handbook of sound studies
Effects of noise and reverberation on speech discrimination
Interrupting the City explores the ways in which artistic practices and interventions constitute the public sphere. To interrupt the city (be it digitally or materially) means to arrest the flow or circulation that the city consists of. The tactics by which this interruption is achieved may vary, ranging from a media offensive to riots in the streets, but each and every time these activities affect the public sphere, also make the public sphere. Thus, the public domain is constituted by a combination of social, political and media forces, in a continuous flux, continuously being interrupted. This book attempts to chart the conditions under which one is able to develop a voice in the public sphere, and to ask in what way these conditions could be altered by means of artistic interventions. Its contributions delve into the relations between artistic practices and the public space, including the various relations between art and politics.
The neural code of pitch and harmony
Sonic experience : a guide to everyday sounds
The tuning of the world
Sound, speech, and music
Environmental sound artists : in their own words
Constructing urban space with sounds and music
The tone of our times : sound, sense, economy, and ecology
Towards optimal testing of auditory memory : methodological development of recording of the mismatch negativity (MMN) of the auditory event-related potential (ERP)
In this wide-ranging book, Frances Dyson examines the role of sound in the development of economic and ecological systems that are today in crisis. Connecting early theories of harmony, cosmology, and theological doctrine to contemporary media and governance, Dyson uses sound, tone, music, voice, and noise as forms of sonority through which the crises of "eco" can be read. The sonic environment, Dyson argues, is fundamental to both sense and sensibility, and its delimitation has contributed to the "senselessness" of a world now caught between spiraling debt and environmental degradation. Dyson draws on scenes, historical moments, artworks, and artistic and theoretical practice to situate the reverberative atmosphere that surrounds and sustains us. From Pythagoras's hammer and the transmutation of music into mathematics, to John Cage's famous experience in the anechoic chamber, to the relocation of the stock market from the street to the computer screen, to Occupy Wall Street's "people's microphone": Dyson finds policies and practices of exclusion. The sound of Pythagoras's forge and the rabble of the market have been muted, rearticulated, and transformed, Dyson argues, through the monotones of media, the racket of financialization, and the gibberish of political speech. Informed by contemporary sound art, philosophy, media and sociopolitical theory, The Tone of Our Times offers insights into present crises that are relevant to a broader understanding of how space, the aural, and listening have shaped and continue to shape the world we live in.
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
Design principles for mobile soundwalk applications
Sound and Other Spaces is a book about urban sound environments, sound art, acoustic space and spatial aspects of sound. The texts in the book comprise personal reflections on quality and awareness of sounds, sound design and audio editing, technical solutions for artistic problems, and how one can think and compose sound in the shaping of architecture and cities. In texts and images the authors present experiences from a number of projects performed within the artistic and interdisciplinary research group Urban Sound Institute, USIT. The intention has been to make an easily readable, handy and usable book that can serve as a bridge between specialists and an interested general public.
Making music with sounds
Noise : a human history of sound and listening
Listening to doctors, neuroscientists, acoustical engineers, monks, activists, educators, marketers, and aggrieved citizens, George Prochnik examines why we began to be so loud as a society, what it is that gets lost when we can no longer find quiet, and what are the benefits of decluttering our sonic world.
IMPROVe : exploring modes of listening
Perspectives on wanted and unwanted sounds in outdoor environments : studies of masking, stress recovery, and speech intelligibility
Acoustics : an introduction
European acoustic heritage
double collection from one of the most brilliant poets of her generation.
Sound absorption of multi-layer structures : experimental study
Yearbook of soundscape studies. Vol. 1, 1998, Northern soundscapes
Manifesto for silence : confronting the politics and culture of noise
Proceedings of the first Nordic Conference of Voice Ergonomics and Treatment
The great animal orchestra : finding the origins of music in the world's wild places
Earth sound, earth signal is a study of energies in aesthetics and the arts, from the birth of modern communications in the nineteenth century to the global transmissions of the present day. Douglas Kahn begins by evoking the Aeolian sphere music that Henry David Thoreau heard blowing along telegraph lines and the Aelectrosonic sounds of natural radio that Thomas Watson heard through the first telephone; he then traces the histories of science, media, music, and the arts to the 1960s and beyond. Earth Sound Earth Signal rethinks energy at a global scale, from brainwaves to outer space, through detailed discussions of musicians, artists and scientists such as Alvin Lucier, Edmond Dewan, Pauline Oliveros, John Cage, James Turrell, Robert Barry, Joyce Hinterding, and many others.
Sonic wonderland : a scientific odyssey of sound
Fascination : viewer friendly TV journalism
The spatial aural exciter
"The Sound Studies Reader is a groundbreaking anthology blending recent work that self-consciously describes itself as 'sound studies' with earlier and lesser known scholarship on sound. The collection begins with an introduction to welcome novice readers to the field and acquaint them with key themes and concepts in sound studies. Individual section introductions give readers further background on the essays and an extensive up to date bibliography for further reading in 'sound studies' make this an original and accessible guide to the field."
Earth sound, earth signal : energies and earth magnitude in the arts
Remixing experience : research into remixing experiences through design
Polku : designing an interactive sound installation based on soundscapes
About correlations between fundamental auditory responses, physical parameters of sound and annoyance
The sound studies reader
The blessed noise and little moo : aspects of soundscape in cowsheds
Autumn leaves : sound and the environment in artistic practice
Sounds of modern history : auditory cultures in 19th- and 20th- century Europe
User-adaptive environment : feasibility of sensors and applications for improving indoor energy efficiency, comfort and well-being
Sonic time machines : explicit sound, sirenic voices, and implicit sonicity
Helmut Lemke 2004 - 2007 : The site the sound requires - über den hörwert XI
Germany in the loud twentieth century : an introduction
Art of immersive soundscapes
Sound experimentation by avant-garde theatre artists of the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries is an important but largely ignored aspect of theatre history. In this book, Curtin shows how attention to this activity enhances our understanding of artistic practice (modernism) and historical circumstance (modernity) and considers how avant-gardists staged sonic modernity by exploring its conceptual and communicative possibilities as well as its experiential realities. He critically examines avant-garde theatre through a composite analysis of dramatic texts, historical productions, sound recordings, philosophical speculations, and social movements.
Development and evaluation of augmented reality audio systems
What lies beneath KIVIKASA and what is sound art? : KIVIKASA as a step to understand sound art and sound art as a way to understand KIVIKASA
Auditory archaeology : understanding sound and hearing in the past
Mechanical sound : technology, culture, and public problems of noise in the twentieth century
Design and Assembly of a Thermoacoustic Engine Prototype
Deep listening : a composer's sound practice
Transphonic sounds: Commercial radio music in a shared urban environment
In pursuit of silence : listening for meaning in a world of noise
Summary.
Use and Management of Music in High-End Restaurants in Helsinki
Reverberations : the philosophy, aesthetics and politics of noise
Soundscapes : essays on vroom and moo
Listening to war : sound, music, trauma, and survival in wartime Iraq
Ecological psychoacoustics
Spaces speak, are you listening? : experiencing aural architecture
Sonic virtuality : sound as emergent perception
Understanding sound tracks through film theory
Techniques for versatile spatial-audio reproduction in time-frequency domain
Robust speech recognition with spectrogram factorisation
IMPROVe : enabling the conditions for a heightened perception of the environment
Theatre and aural attention : stretching ourselves
The sonic boom : how sound transforms the way we think, feel, and buy
The wombles
Until recently, there was a lack of scholarly attention to the power of hearing cinema as well as seeing it. 'Understanding Sound Tracks Through Film Theory' breaks new ground by redirecting the arguments of foundational texts within film theory to sound tracks. The book includes sustained analyses of particular films according to a wide range of theoretical approaches: feminism, genre studies, postcolonialism, psychoanalysis, and queer theory.
Sound wise: creating applied visual art experiences in Lapland
Ancient Finnish bells and soundscapes
Geographies of urban sound
Hearing cultures : essays on sound, listening, and modernity
"Long ignored by scholars in the humanities, sound has just begun to take its place as an important object of study in the last few years. Since the late 19th century, there has been a paradigmatic shift in auditory cultures and practices in European societies. This change was brought about by modern phenomena such as urbanization, industrialization and mechanization, the rise of modern sciences, and of course the emergence of new sound recording and transmission media. This book contributes to our understanding of modern European history through the lens of sound by examining diverse subjects such as performed and recorded music, auditory technologies like the telephone and stethoscope, and the ambient noise of the city"--Provided by publisher.
Sound
Noise in the preschool : health and preventive measures
When blood and bones cry out : journeys through the soundscape of healing and reconciliation
City of noise : sound and nineteenth-century Paris
Avant-garde theatre sound : staging sonic modernity
Soundscape and the built environment
Nazi soundscapes : sound, technology and urban space in Germany, 1933-1945
Varmints. Part one
Immediate invisible
The soundscape : our sonic environment and the tuning of the world
Background noise : perspectives on sound art
Music and architecture : architectural projects, texts, and realizations
