http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17166 attempt to commit an offence
attempt to commit an offence
Enron and world finance : a case study in ethics
The girl with the dragon tattoo
Royal flush
"If you are responsible for protecting your company's assets, then you know that risk assessment means more than simply identifying security vulnerabilities; it also means measuring their likelihood, prioritizing them, assessing their risk of occurrence, and measuring their impact on your organization's assets. Failure to consider all of these elements could constitute a violation of standard security industry practices. This valuable resource will help you develop the necessary strategies for conducting comprehensive risk assessments"--Publisher's website.
English summary
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Scraps of penal theory
The shadow of your smile
Beyond the law : crime in complex organizations
Effective security management
The impact of publicity on corporate offenders
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2005 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2005.
Black Gold War
Corporate crime, law, and social control
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2000
The Wall Street MBA : your personal crash course in corporate finance
The art and science of security risk assessment
Readings in security management : principles and practices
Crime, risk, security
Essays on corruption
The corrupter
Before the devil knows you're dead
The entrepreneurial circumstances for small medium enterprises within Estonia : a legal perspective
Secrets stole, fortunes lost : preventing intellectal property theft and economic espionage in the 21st century
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
The Spellman files
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2004 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2004.
Taxing trails
Doing business in China : a guide to the risks and the rewards
Business crime : its nature and control
Corporations, crime and accountability
Personal
Without fail
Business espionage : risk, threats, and countermeasures
Shock wave
Wallace at bay
Social engineering in IT security : tools, tactics, and techniques
Risky business : protect your business form being stalked, conned, or blackmailed on the Web
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1998
1930's London: Poor Lady Georgiana - thirty-fourth in line to the throne - has been sent home due to a little scandal. Now she must keep the entirely unsuitable Mrs. Simpson from seducing the Prince of Wales - and help Scotland Yard by preventing someone from shooting the Prince of Wales instead of quails.
Controlling tax evasion under direct and indirect taxation: some notes
The woman who wouldn't die
Fighting bribery : a corporate practices manual
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1999
Access to Finnish law
Normal organizational wrongdoing : a critical analysis of theories of misconduct in and by organizations
The jackal
Fraud and corruption : prevention and detection
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1996.
Managing the risk of fraud and misconduct : meeting the challenges of a global, regulated and digital environment
Audit and accountancy pitfalls : a casebook for practising accountants, lawyers and insurers
Misleading cases
Corporate America
Towards corporate liability in international criminal law
The broker
Private commercial bribery : a comparison of national and supranational legal structures
The quagmire of impossible attempts : how to distinguish between punishable and non-punishable cases of criminal attempt?
Juvenile delinquency and business security : special problems of crime prevention
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1995.
La criminalisation du comportement collectif : 14. Congrès international de droit comparé = Criminal liability of corporations : 14. International Congress of Comparative Law
Attempts : in the philosophy of action and the criminal law
Fraud prevention and detection : warning signs and the red flag system
The Baltic region : insights in crime and crime control
The scarecrow
The blinded man
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2002.
Protection of assets : investigation
Eastern crime : a selection of reports on crime in the St. Petersburg region and the Baltic countries, 1993-1999
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
e-policy : how to develop computer, e-mail and internet guidelines to protect your company and its assets
