http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17114 surfing
surfing
Flirting with forty
Surfing Australia
Chasing Mavericks
The surfing handbook : mastering the waves for beginning and amateur surfers
Lords of Dogtown : unrated extended cut
The way of the surfer
Surfing : a beginner's guide
Koala calamity : surf's up!
On her seventeenth birthday, Tempest must decide whether to remain a human and live on land or submit to her mermaid half, like her mother before her, and enter into a long-running war under the sea.
Surfari : Australia's favourite surf writer on the ultimate surfing road trip
Start surfing
Ultimate adventures : a rough guide to adventure travel
Some like it hot : the beach as a cultural dimension
The ultimate wave Tahiti 3D
Adventure tourism management
Way inside ESPN's X games
Understanding lifestyle sports : consumption, identity and difference
SWS02Suunto : Suunto water sports - 2002
Blue crush 2
Breath
Natural born man : the life of Jack Johnson
Scratching the horizon : a surfing life
Water-based tourism, sport, leisure and recreation experiences
The surfing handbook : The complete guide to mastering the waves
The Next wave : the world of surfing
Surfing manual : the essential guide to surfing in the UK and abroad
Surfing Europe
Vintage t-shirts : over 500 authentic tees from the '70s and '80s
The surfing handbook : the complete guide to mastering waves
Surfing
Surf's up 2 = wave mania
The ultimate encyclopedia of extreme sports
Koala calamity surf's up
After Colin Campbell went on a short business trip abroad, he returned home to discover his wife of many years had moved out. No explanations. No second chances. She was gone and wasn't coming back. Shocked and heartbroken, Colin fell into a spiral of depression and loneliness. Soon after, a friend told Colin about a dog in need of rescue -- a neglected 140-pound Newfoundland Landseer, a breed renowned for its friendly nature and remarkable swimming abilities. Colin adopted the traumatised dog, brought him home and named him George. Both man and dog were heartbroken and lacking trust, but together they learned how to share a space, how to socialise, and most of all, how to overcome their bad experiences. At the same time, Colin relived childhood memories of his beloved grandfather, a decorated war hero and a man who gave him hope when he needed it most.
Using design processes as a creative resource to enhance entrepreneurial globalization of born global start-ups
Stoked! : a history of surf culture
Surfing life : surface, substructure and the commodification of the sublime
The history of surfing
The perfect day : 40 years of Surfer magazine
Surfer Chick
Amazing surfing stories
Board sports
John from Cincinnati
The pilgrimage : 50 places to surf before you die
Pop surf culture : music, design, film, and fashion from the bohemian surf boom
Surf tourism and its social impacts : case Krui village, Indonesia
Surf craft : design and the culture of board riding
Extreme sports : the illustrated guide to maximum adrenalin thrills
Free days with George : life's little lessons learned from one very big dog
Ultimate surfing adventures : 100 extraordinary experiences in the waves
Water skiing and wakeboarding
Finnsurf : a documentary of Härmäsurf
Tempest rising
The encyclopedia of surfing
The cultural politics of lifestyle sports
Kitesurfing : the complete guide
Inside the world of board graphics : skate, surf, snow
Above the roar : 50 surfer interviews
