http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17196 television plays
television plays
Deep locational criticism : imaginative place in literary research and teaching
TV creators : conversations with America's top producers of television drama : volume two. Volume two
Coronation Street
As far as we know, only human beings have a sense of humour - although chimps might laugh when tickled, and dogs respond similarly in play, Seth McFarlane's fan-base is comprised exclusively of humans. Whilst animals and robots might feature as prominent characters in our favourite comic movies, shows and stand-up routines, we have no reason to suspect that their real-life brethren get the joke. Drawing on the philosophy of Martin Heidegger, Shaun May attempts to address this issue - suggesting that there is something distinctive about human beings which grounds our ability to make and comprehend jokes. Guiding the reader through a range of examples, including the films of Charlie Chaplin, the stand-up of Francesca Martinez, the TV show Family Guy and Samuel Beckett's Endgame, he demonstrates that in order to get the joke you have to 'be there'.
Shakespeare, the movie. 2, Popularizing the plays on film, tv, video, and DVD
What makes tragedy tragic? What makes comedy comic? What does Much Ado About Nothing have in common with When Harry Met Sally? Seneca with Desperate Housewives? Goldoni with Frasier? In Genre: A Guide to Writing for Stage and Screen Andrew Tidmarsh explores these questions and more. Investigating how the relationship between form and content brings endless discoveries and illuminations about how narrative works, this entertaining and accessible book looks at how storytelling in film and theatre has evolved and how an appreciation of form can bring the writer, director or actor a solid foundation and a sense of security, which ultimately assists the creative process. Including genre-specific exercises in every chapter helping the reader to write and devise, Genre: A Guide to Writing for Stage and Screen is for all those with an interest in story and can be used by writers, actors and directors alike – whether students or experienced professionals – to make the blank page appear less terrifying.
Play for today : the evolution of television drama
Dialogue : the art of verbal action for page, stage, screen
Writing dialogue for scripts
Dennis Potter : a life on screen
Basics, film-making 01 : producing
Shakespeare, the movie. [1], Popularizing the plays on film, TV, and video
How not to write a sitcom : 100 mistakes to avoid if you ever want to get produced
Television writing : from concept to contract
Radio Beckett : musicality in the radio plays of Samuel Beckett
How to write for television
Television from theatre : the impact of the functions of commercial network television upon television adaptations of stage plays, 1960-1985
Russian television today : primetime drama and comedy
The Sunset Limited
Utility drama : making of and talking about the serial drama in Finland
A good story can easily be ruined by bad dialogue. Now in its 4th edition, Rib Davis's bestselling Writing Dialogue for Scripts provides expert insight into how dialogue works, what to look out for in everyday speech and how to use dialogue effectively in scripts. Examining practical examples from film, TV, theatre and radio, this book will help aspiring and professional writers alike perfect their skills. The 4th edition of Writing Dialogue for Scripts includes: a look at recent films, such as American Hustle and Blue Jasmine; TV shows such as Mad Men and Peaky Blinders; and the award winning play, Ruined. Extended material on use of narration within scripts (for example in Peep Show) and dialogue in verbatim scripts (Alecky Blythe's London Road) also features.
The television genre book
Making a television play : a complete guide from conception to B.B.C. production
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Popular television drama : critical perspectives
British television drama : a history
Brecht : Mother Courage and her children
A philosophy of comedy on stage and screen : you have to be there
Young at heart
Happily ever after : celebrating Jane Austen's Pride and prejudice
Ibsen : A doll's house
A masterclass in dramatic writing : theater, film, and television
Shakespeare in production : whose history?
Kiba Lumberg : vie minut pois : musta perhonen : black butterfly = take me away
The complete book of scriptwriting : the all-in-one guide to writing and selling screenplays, teleplays, theatrical plays, radio scripts and animation scripts
Harold Pinter
Television drama : realism, modernism, and British culture
Plots unlimited : for the writer of novels, short stories, plays, screenplays and television episodes : a creative source for generating a virtually limitless number and variety of story plots and outlines
Story sense : writing story and script for feature films and television
Television drama : theories and identities
O'Neill : Long day's journey into night
The Cambridge companion to the musical
The greatest media event
British television drama in the 1980s
So you want to be a screenwriter : how to face the fears and take the risks
Screening the novel : the theory and practice of literary dramatization
Television drama : an introduction
Cracking morse code : semiotics and television drama
Regarding television : critical approaches - an anthology
"Genre is central to understanding the industrial context and visual form of television. This new edition of the key textbook on television genre brings together leading international scholars to provide an accessible and comprehensive introduction to the debates, issues and concerns of the field. Structured in eleven sections, The television genre book introduces the concept of 'genre' itself and how it has been understood in television studies, and then addresses the main televisual genres in turn: drama, soap opera, comedy, news, documentary, reality television, children's television, animation and popular entertainment." -- Back cover.
A Masterclass in Dramatic Writing addresses all three genres of dramatic writing - for theatre, film and TV - in a comprehensive, one-semester, 14-week masterclass for the dramatic writer.
How not to write a screenplay : 101 common mistakes most screenwriters make
Talk of drama : views of the television dramatist now and then
Writing for television, radio and new media
Creating compelling characters for film, TV, theatre and radio
Relations of television : genre and gender in the production, reception and text of a Japanese family drama
Writing the TV drama series : how to succeed as a professional writer in TV
Strong characters – characters we love and hate, those we despair for at their low moments and egg on to their triumphs – are the foundation of any successful script. Written by award-winning writer Rib Davis and now fully updated for its second edition, Creating Compelling Characters for Film, TV, Theatre and Radio is an authoritative practical guide to developing characters for professional and aspiring writers alike. As well as exploring character motivation, the interplay between character and plot, comic characters, heroes and villains, the new edition also includes a more in-depth look at character psychology, writing ensemble and multi-narrative dramas and the balance between character development and character revelation. The book also includes a wide range of contemporary examples from scripts ranging from films such as The Wolf of Wall Street and The Grand Budapest Hotel, award-winning plays such as Jerusalem and acclaimed TV shows such as Game of Thrones and True Detective.
Cranfordin naiset
Writing and producing television drama in Denmark : from The Kingdom to The Killing
Traduzione multimediale per il cinema, la televisione e la scena : atti del convegno internazionale Traduzione multimediale per il cinema, la televisione e la scena, Forlì, 26 - 28 ottobre 1995 = Multimediale Übersetzung für Film, Fernsehen und Bühne = Multimedia translation for film, television an the stage
Televisionization : enactments of TV experiences in novels from 1970 to 2010
TV creators : conversations with America's top producers of television drama : volume one. Volume one
Trevor Griffiths : politics, drama, history
Ibsen: A doll's house
Creative TV writing
A history of Japanese television drama : modern Japan and the Japanese
British television drama : past, present and future
Mediations : essays on Brecht, Beckett and the media
The understructure of writing for film & television
Making video dance : a step-by-step guide to creating dance for the screen
Twelve angry men
Transposing drama : studies in representation
Grimms' tales around the globe : the dynamics of their international reception
Scriptwriting
Life on television : content analyses of U.S. TV drama
Wataru seken wa oni bakari : mothers-in-law and daughters-in-law in a Japanese television family drama
TV drama in transition : forms, values and cultural change
The feast of all saints
Genre : a guide to writing for stage and screen
Shakespeare on screen : an international filmography and videography : Kenneth S. Rothwell and Annabelle Henkin Melzer
The singing detective
Television and screen writing : from concept to contract
Dennis Potter : between two worlds : a critical reassessment
