http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17140 textual criticism
textual criticism
Sadaqah al-Hakīm and his commentary on Genesis
That there are four canonical versions of the one gospel story is often seen as a problem for Christian faith: where gospels multiply, so too do apparent tensions and contradictions that may seem to undermine their truth claims. In Gospel Writing Francis Watson argues that differences and tensions between canonical gospels represent opportunities for theological reflection, not problems for apologetics. In exploring this claim, he proposes nothing less than a new paradigm for gospel studies — one that engages fully with the available non-canonical material so as to illuminate the historical and theological significance of the canonical.
"Sixty years after its first edition, there is an increasing consensus among scholars that the work posthumously published as Philosophical Investigations represents something that is far from a complete picture of Wittgensteins second book project. G.H. von Wrights seminal research on the Nachlass was an important contribution in this direction, showing that the Wittgenstein papers can reveal much more than the source of specific remarks. This book specifically explores Wittgensteins Philosophical Investigations from the different angles of its originary conceptions, including the mathematical texts, shedding new light on fundamental issues in twentieth century and contemporary philosophy. Leading authorities in the field focus on newly published or hitherto unpublished sources for the interpretation of Wittgensteins later work and a Wittgenstein typescript, translated for the first time into English, is included as an appendix"--
John, Jesus, and history. Vol. 1, Critical appraisals of critical views
Principles of textual criticism
The classical text : aspects of editing in the age of the printed book
Solomon's vineyard : literary and linguistic studies in the Song of Songs
The Mahāvadānasūtra : a new edition based on manuscripts discovered in Northern Turkestan
Empirical models challenging biblical criticism
The Holy Qur-ān : English translation of the meanings and commentary
Bibliography and textual criticism
(M)Other tongues : literary reflexions on a difficult distinction
This volume contains selected papers from an international conference held in 2009 in Varna, Bulgaria. The papers represent major trends and developments in current research on the medieval Slavonic biblical tradition, primarily in comparison with Greek and Hebrew texts. The volume covers the translation of the canonical, apocryphal and pseudepigraphical books of the Old and New Testaments and its development over the ninth to sixteenth centuries. Another focus is on issues relating to Cyril and Methodius, the creators of the first Slavonic alphabet in the ninth century and the first translators of biblical books into Slavonic. The analytical approach in the volume is interdisciplinary, applying methodologies from textual criticism, philology, cultural and political history, and theology. It should be of value to Slavists, Hebraists and Byzantinists.
The Pericope Adulterae, the Gospel of John, and the literacy of Jesus
Critical textwork : an introduction to varieties of discourse and analysis
Richard Simon critical history of the text of the New Testament : wherein is established the truth of the acts on which the Christian religion is based
Text and matter : new critical perspectives of the Pearl-poet
A textual commentary on the Greek New Testament : a companion volume to the United Bible Societies' Greek New Testament (fourth revised edition)
Pudd'nhead Wilson ; and, Those extraordinary twins : authoritative texts, textual introduction, tables of variants, criticism
The education of Cyrus
A rationale of textual criticism
Textual criticism : recovering the text of the Hebrew Bible
Literary approach
King Lear
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Parts 26 & 27
Studies in the textual criticism of the New Testament
Gospel writing : a canonical perspective
The text of the Old Testament in Anglo-Saxon England
The tradition of the text of the Aeneid in the ninth century
Babylonian and Assyrian text commentaries : origins of interpretation
From Priestly Torah to Pentateuch : a study in the composition of the book of Leviticus
Some text-critical remarks on the Greek text of the Pentateuch
Textual criticism and Dead Sea scrolls studies in honour of Julio Trebolle Barrera : florilegium complutense
Fundamentals of New Testament textual criticism
The yearbook of English studies. Vol. 29, The text as evidence : revising editorial principles
Resisting texts : authority and submission in constructions of meaning
An introduction to New Testament textual criticism
The wisdom of Ben Sira : studies on tradition, redaction, and theology
The use of textual criticism for the interpretation of patristic texts : seventeen case studies
The composition of the Pentateuch : renewing the documentary hypothesis
New Testament text and language
This monograph includes four lengthy studies on the Song of Songs, which together identify the northern dialect of the poetry, focus on the literary devices of alliteration and variation, and propose that the composition is akin to medieval Arabic hija' and tasbtb (or invective) poetic genres, aimed at critiquing the king and his court. The authors conclude that the poem was written during the period of the two monarchies, probably circa 900 B.C.E., somewhere in northern Israel, with the goal of censuring King Solomon and his descendants on the throne in Jerusalem.
Traductor scriptor : the old Greek translation of Exodus 1-14 as scribal activity
The text of the New Testament : its transmission, corruption, and restoration
Jesus and Gospel traditions in bilingual context : a study in the interdirectionality of language
The present volume is intended as a special present on the occasion of Professor Marc Vervenne's retirement from the Faculty of Theology of the Catholic University of Leuven (KU Leuven). It intends to honour Marc Vervenne as an academic scholar, deeply engaged in the research of Ancient Hebrew literature. The book opens by the editors' presentation of Marc Vervenne's scientific biography and bibliography. Thereafter, and against the background of his own main interests in textual criticism, redaction criticism and linguistic-grammatical research, predominantly on texts of the Pentateuch, this volume equally presents a selection of contributions in those three domains. In admiration, respect and true friendship for Marc Vervenne, more than thirty colleagues from all over the world have contributed to this volume. In the first part, 'The Pentateuch in Texts, Themes, and Methods', scholars focus on Pentateuch texts from a multiplicity of methods and perspectives: historical research, historical-critical exegesis, literary criticism, redaction-criticism, themes and theology, reception history and narrative criticism. The second part, entitled 'Textual Criticism', deals with text-critical approaches of the text, on the basis of different textual witnesses with their own respective redaction and theology; it also discusses the close relationship and methodological intertwinement of textual and literary criticism in the current scholarly debate. In the third and final part, several perspectives on 'Hebrew Language and Linguistics' are offered against the background of Marc Vervenne's interest in grammar and linguistics.
In this volume, Lars Hartman deals with several major topics. Some of the essays are devoted to exegetical and hermeneutical issues, beginning with the theoretical considerations concerning what it means to write a commentary. These are followed by detailed studies on various aspects of text analysis as a preparation for his commentary on the Gospel of Mark. Furthermore, Hartman has written groundbreaking articles on baptism, especially in regard to the name formula. The final essays deal with the Hellenistic context of various New Testament texts and topics, for instance the study of "Hellenistic Elements in Apocalyptic Texts”. This volume is an appropriate complement to Lars Hartman's earlier collection on text-centered New Testament studies, which was published in 1997.
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Part 1
The divine comedy : Purgatorio. 2, Commentary
The earliest text of the Hebrew Bible : the relationship between the Masoretic text and the Hebrew base of the Septuagint reconsidered
The Qur'an as text
Epiphanius of Salamis, doctor of iconoclasm? : deconstruction of a myth
Music philology : an introduction to musical textual criticism, hermeneutics, and editorial technique
Old English homilies from Ms Bodley 343
Editing Piers Plowman : the evolution of the text
The Proto-Lucianic problem in 1 Samuel
New perspectives on the Qur'an : the Qur'an in its historical context 2
The text of the New Testament in contemporary research : essays on the status quaestionis
The 'Textual history of the bible' (THB) is envisioned as the first comprehensive collection of information on the texts of the Hebrew Bible. This reference work will be published in print in four volumes, comprising numerous entries written by recognized specialists. The topics of these entries will include but are not limited to textual history, textual character, translation techniques, importance of each textual witness of the Hebrew Bible, deuterocanonical writings for each biblical book, history of research, editorial histories of the Hebrew Bible, papyrology, codicology, and linguistics, etc. In addition, overview articles discussing the textual history of each biblical book from its beginning until its Arab and Slavonic translations will be included. Each volume further provides a collective bibliography and a glossary. Volume 1 covers the books of the Hebrew canon. The volume opens with a series of overview articles on the history of the Jewish and Christian canons, on the ancient Hebrew and Aramaic texts. These entries are followed by articles on the different primary translations (Greek, Aramaic, Syriac, Latin) and uniquely the secondary translations as well (Latin, Coptic, Ethiopic, Syriac, Armenian, Georgian, Christian Palestinian Aramaic, Old Slavonic, and Arabic) most of which were sourced from the Greek. THB 1 concludes with a series of articles on the biblical text as it is attested in the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha, in Josephus, Philo, the New Testament, Rabbinic Literature, the Greek Church Fathers, the Latin Church Fathers, the Syriac Church Fathers, and the Coptic Church Fathers.
An index to the compound words in Flavius Josephus' Peri tou'Iourhaikou polemou in its Greek and Old Slavonic versions
The books of Samuel : stories -- history -- reception history
The languages of literature : some linguistic contributions to criticism
A textual commentary on the Greek New Testament : a companion volume to the United Bible Societies' Greek New Testament
On neutral and fallen angels : a text from the Codex Karlsruhe 408 and its source in Enikel's 'Weltchronik'
The trick of singularity : Twelfth night and the performance editions
Linguistic evidence for the northern origin of selected psalms
Who are the father and his children in JN 8:44? : a literary, historical and theological analysis of JN 8:44 and its context
"Empirical models based on ancient Near Eastern literature and variations between different textual traditions have been used to lend credibility to the identification of the sources behind biblical literature and the different editorial layers. In this volume, empirical models are used to critique the exaggerated results of identifying sources and editorial layers by demonstrating that, even though much of ancient literature had such complex literary histories, our methods are often inadequate for the task of precisely identifying sources and editorial layers"--
A pillar of cloud to guide : text-critical, redactional, and linguistic perspectives on the Old Testament in Honour of Marc Vervenne
The textual tradition of the Gospels : Family 1 in Matthew
Introduction to the Qur'ān
Studies in late medieval and early Renaissance texts in honour of John Scattergood : 'the key of all good remembrance'
In 2001, the exciting but enigmatic 4th century Coptic Matthew text, Codex Schøyen, was introduced as an alternative, non-canonical Matthew. In this book, James M. Leonard refutes these sensational claims through fresh methodological approaches and easily accessible analysis. Leonard reveals that the underlying Greek text is one of great quality, and that Codex Schøyen can contribute to the identification of the earliest attainable text—but only with due concern for translational interference. Leonard shows how Codex Schøyen's close alliance with Codices Vaticanus and Sinaiticus allows triangulation of the three to help identify an earlier text form which they mutually reflect, and how this impacts a dozen variant passages in Matthew.
This edition, the first modern one in English, introduces undergraduates and more advanced students to the therapeutic possibilities of Seneca's Stoic philosophy. The short treatises De otio and De brevitate vitae balance each other by representing different but complementary aspects of Senecan philosophy: in De otio, one's duty to the 'active' life, in De brevitate vitae, one's duty to oneself in reclaiming life from the impositions made upon the self. The provocative Senecan message is to promote introspection in life, and to suggest the benefits of an inner existence of the personal. In addition to its literary and linguistic emphasis, this edition tries to advertize the means by which Seneca conveys the attractions of his therapeutic 'philosophy'.
Textual relations in the Qurʾān : relevance, coherence and structure
Contemporary German editorial theory
This textual study of the Gospel of John in seventeen Greek manuscripts offers a fresh investigation into the important textual group known as Family 1. The study, based on a full collation of the seventeen manuscripts, has re-defined the textual contours of Family 1, by establishing the existence of new core family manuscripts and subgroups. The study includes a reconstructed Family 1 text with critical apparatus for the Gospel of John.
The ancient Hexateuch, Ms. Ambrosianus A 147 inf., produced at the beginning of the 5th century, shows an unusual attitude towards the biblical text on the part of those (people) who restored the codex at the end of the 11th century: they not only retraced the ink throughout and replaced some lost sheets, but also revised the biblical text of the Septuagint in order to make it conform to the Masoretic text. Mariachiara Fincati provides a complete analysis of each individual modification introduced by the restorer(s); specifically, Fincati exemplifies this by giving comparisons with extant Jewish and Christian Greek translations of the Bible (hexaplaric variants, Jewish scholia, the text of the so called Graecus Venetus, the Greek text of the Constantinople Polyglott Pentateuch). Finally, Fincati suggests some hypotheses concerning the Christian milieu where the restoration and the revision of the biblical codex may have taken place.
The liberated Gospel : a comparison of the Gospel of Mark and Greek tragedy
The Bible in Slavic tradition
Visions & revisions : the poet's process
The Byzantine text-type and New Testament textual criticism
Life, courage, ice : a semiological essay on the old Russian biography of Aleksandr Nevskij
Editing early modern texts : an introduction to principles and practice
From Qumran to the Yahad : a new paradigm of textual development for The Community Rule
The medieval revision of the Ambrosian hexateuch : critical editing between Septuaginta and Hebraica Veritas in MS Ambrosianus A 147 inf
Philological approaches to folklore
A textual study of family 1 in the Gospel of John
The intellectual foundations of the English Benedictine reform
The Books of Samuel are an important source for the history of ancient Israel and a treasure not ony of Biblical literature, but of world literature. They deal with the first kings of Israel and the history of the 10th century BCE in Palestine, and they narrate of this time in an outstandingly artful way. In addition they set standards in the Biblical Jewish and Christian system of values, concerning the relationship between men and God, nation and people, power and law, war and peace, man and woman. The Books of Samuel have left their impact upon the arts over the centuries so that their reception history is exceptionally rich. Both early interpreters and modern scholars have discussed nearly every aspect of them. This volume contains contributions of leading scholars in the field as well as those of a new generation of exegetes. Questions are raised concerning the value of the Books of Samuel as historical source, the nature of their historical narrative, their literary composition, their literary-historical growth, their textual development (in the Masoretic text, in the Greek Septuagint, and in the writings of Qumran) and their reception history (in novels, music and arts). The volume embraces a wide range of approaches and methods and sheds light on a great number of texts and themes. Thus it represents the current state of inquiry and also raises new questions and views.
The Pentateuch lies at the heart of the Western humanities. Yet despite nearly two centuries of scholarship, its historical origins and its literary history are still a subject of intense discussion. Critical scholarship has isolated multiple layers of tradition, inconsistent laws, and narratives that could only have originated from separate communities within ancient Israel, and were joined together at a relatively late stage by a process of splicing and editing. In effect, a number of independent scholarly discourses have emerged. Each centers on the Pentateuch, each operates with its own set of working assumptions, and each is confident of its own claims. This volume seeks to stimulate international discussion about the Pentateuch in order to help the discipline move toward a set of shared assumptions and a common discourse.
The study Quran : a new translation and commentary
On the apostolic tradition
The textual history of the Greek New Testament : changing views in contemporary research
Ma(r)king the text : the presentation of meaning on the literary page
The textual genesis of Wittgenstein's philosophical investigations
Early music editing : principles, historiography, future directions
Studies in the Peshitta of Kings : the transmission and revision of the text, relations with other texts, and translation features
No longer written : the use of conjectural emendation in the restoration of the text of the New Testament, the Epistle of James as a case study
This title offers an introduction to one of the core methods of approaching biblical texts. "Historical Critical Analysis" is the main way in which the Bible (both the Hebrew Bible/Old Testament and the New Testament) has been examined and read by scholars in the last century. The term refers to a range of methodologies which examine the origins of biblical texts, in relation to other contemporaneous texts, to form critical approaches and to questions of authorship, audience and authenticity. The aim is to get as close to the 'original text' and its 'original meaning' as possible. For many years "Historical Critical Method" has been the cornerstone upon which biblical scholarship is built, even as modern studies examine other theoretical approaches to reading the text in history, tradition, and from different audience perspectives "The Historical Critical Method" still presents the crucial starting point for students and scholars. "Continuum's Guides for the Perplexed" are clear, concise and accessible introductions to thinkers, writers and subjects that students and readers can find especially challenging - or indeed downright bewildering. Concentrating specifically on what it is that makes the subject difficult to grasp, these books explain and explore key themes and ideas, guiding the reader towards a thorough understanding of demanding material.
Ambrosian fragments of an illuminated manuscript containing the zoology of al-Ǧāḥiẓ : twenty-four facsimile plates
Approaching New Testament texts and contexts : collected essays II
Cybertext yearbook 2006 : ergodic histories
The preface to Luke's Gospel : literary convention and social context in Luke 1.1-4 and Acts 1.1
Textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible
Debating texts : a reader in twentieth-century literary theory and method
In praise of editing in the Hebrew Bible : collected essays in retrospect
M. Annaeus Lucanus, Bellum civile, Book III : a commentary
The paradigm shift from historical criticism to new literary criticism involves a growing hermeneutical interest in the many functions of the reader within the process of interpretation of Biblical texts. This volume, which contains the papers presented at the Sixth international colloquium of the RRENAB (Réseau de la Narratologie et Bible) in Louvain-la-Neuve (May 2012), not only shows the state of the art of the role of the reader in exegesis but also reveals the challenges for future research: the relationship between the historical reader, the implied reader and the actual readers; the search for integration of different methodologies; the inevitable collaboration of Biblical studies with other disciplines of humanities and social sciences. The studies in this book are the first steps towards a dialogue on these themes. They contain contributions on many texts of the Bible and their reception as well as theoretical reflections on the reader.
The reform of King Josiah and the composition of the Deuteronomistic history
Studies the textual alterations in the translation of patristic texts that laid the foundation for the Roman Catholic Church.
Editing Greek and Latin texts : papers given at the twenty-third annual Conference on Editorial Problems, University of Toronto 6-7 November 1987
Stephen King goes to the movies
Ritual and rhetoric in Leviticus : from sacrifice to scripture
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Part 24
The Ugaritic poem of AQHT : text, translation, commentary
The text of the Old Testament : an introduction to the Biblia Hebraica
A manual of textual analysis
Beyond what is written : Erasmus and Beza as conjectural critics of the New Testament
The matter of the page : essays in search of ancient and medieval authors
THE HEBREW BOOK OF JOB is universally acknowledged as an exquisite piece of literary art that ranks among the most outstanding compositions in world literature. Yet it is also widely recognized as an immensely difficult text to understand. In elucidating that ancient text, this inaugural Illuminations commentary by C. L. Seow pays close attention to the reception history of Job, including Jewish, Muslim, Christian, and Western secular interpretations as expressed in theological, philosophical, and literary writings and in the visual and performing arts. Seow offers here a primarily literary-theological interpretation of Job, a new translation, and detailed commentary.
The fragments of the Methodists. 1, Methodism outside Soranus
Traditions of written knowledge in ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia : proceedings of two workshops held at Goethe-University, Frankfurt/Main in December 2011 and May 2012
Mark & method : new approaches in biblical studies
Manuscripts, texts, theology : collected papers 1977-2007
Islam, 'aslama and muslim
Ambrosian fragments of an illuminated manuscript containing the zoology of al-Ǧāhiz : twenty-four facsimile plates
Johannes Magnus' Latin letters : a critical edition with introduction and commentary
Ovid, Fasti 1 : a commentary
Scribes and scholars : a guide to the transmission of Greek and Latin literature
Rethinking New Testament textual criticism
An enlightening commentary into the light of the Holy Qur'an. Parts 28-29
A Commentary on the Psalms. Volume 3 (90-150)
The Gospel of Judas : from Codex Tchacos
The living text of the Gospels
The intertextuality research of antique texts and their reception in Medieval and modern times is the subject of this volume: (1) What is a text and what is an intertext? This concerns the various different forms of text and how they present themselves in architecture, iconography, lexicography, the study of lists, etc. (2) Forms of intertextuality – on the relationship between writtenness and oralness, how oral texts are objectified during textualisation and become fixed acts of speech (K. Ehlich), how especially antique texts were shaped by the continual interconnectedness of oral and written traditions. (3) What is understood in ancient Oriental and antique literature by “tradition” and “transmission”? To this end, the research includes languages, historical reality and antique thought structures, making clear that the transferral of tradition occurs not only within a close cultural circle, but in the exchange with neighbouring cultures over large distances and geographic boundaries. (4) On the relationship between intertextuality and canon. A number of contributions study this aspect of ongoing historical debate as it often found for culturally definitive and canonised texts – a necessary part of the their rejuvination process. Contributions by M. Bauks, A. Lange / Z. Plese, Ph. Alexandre, S. Aufrère, M. Oeming, K. Davidowicz, A. Wagner, G. Selz, M.F. Meyer, L. Roig Lanzillotta, M. Dimitrova, F. Waldman, W. Horowitz, M. Risch, J. van Ruiten, L. Bormann, A. Miltenova, J. Taschner, G. Brooke, G. Dorival, A. Harder and S. Alkier.
The function of ancient historiography in biblical and cognate studies
The Divine comedy : Inferno. 2, Commentary
The Aššur-nādā Archive
This volume includes papers on different topics of textual criticism of the Bible, history of the Hebrew text and the Septuagint, and Dead Sea Scrolls studies, contributed by friends and colleagues of Julio Trebolle Barrera to honour him on the occasion of his 65th birthday. The book presents a good selection of current research in the history and composition of the Bible, the Septuagint and the Dead Sea Scrolls, all with the aim of honouring a scholar who has excelled in those areas throughout his career.
The Kings - Isaiah and Kings - Jeremiah recensions
The textual criticism of documentary papyri : prolegomena
Word and presence : a commentary on the book of Deuteronomy
Theories of the text
The historical-critical method : a guide for the perplexed
Words, texts and manuscripts : studies in Anglo-Saxon culture : presented to Helmut Gneuss on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
The genesis of a saga narrative : verse and prose in Kormaks saga
A critique of modern textual criticism
Shakespearian bibliography and textual criticism : a bibliography
The search for quotation : verbal parallels in the prophets
New Testament textual criticism and exegesis : Festschrift J. Delobel
Old Testament textual criticism : a practical introduction
Beatus vir : studies in early English and Norse manuscripts in memory of Phillip Pulsiano
Language in Vergil's Eclogues
Textual History of the Bible. Volume 1A, Overview articles
Between Text and Text : the hermeneutics of intertextuality in ancient cultures and their afterlife in medieval and modern times
After Qumran : old and modern editions of the biblical texts : the historical books
Editing texts : Texte edieren
Devils and angels : textual editing and literary theory
Final volume in acclaimed Psalms commentary by Allen P. Ross. For thousands of years, Psalms has been one of the richest resources for worship and development of the spiritual life. Pastors, teachers, and all serious students of the Bible will find this commentary invaluable for developing an understanding of Psalms and for improving one's ability to exposit it with precision and depth. This is the third of a three-volume commentary on Psalms.The commentary includes discussion throughout of the three primary challenges to understanding Psalms: - Textual issues: Every major textual difficulty is addressed in order to help the expositor understand the interpretive issues and make decisions when there are multiple available readings.- Poetic language: The Psalms are full of poetic imagery, devices, and structures. Ross discusses this "language" of Hebrew poetry in its context with each psalm, specifying the precise devices being used and how they work in the psalm.- Grammar and syntax: The Hebrew of Psalms poses a challenge to many expositors. This commentary illuminates Hebrew constructions and word meanings in a way that is helpful both to readers who are comfortable with Hebrew and those who are not.
The Bible as book : the transmission of the Greek text
Codex Schøıyen 2650 : a Middle Egyptian Coptic witness to the early Greek text of Matthew's Gospel : a study in translation theory, indigenous Coptic, and New Testament textual criticism
The textual criticism of inscriptions
Women in early Indian Buddhism : comparative textual studies
A study of the Gospels in Codex Alexandrinus : codicology, palaegraphy, and scribal hands
Shakespeare's modern collaborators
Essays in the interpretation of Roman poetry
Job 1-21 : interpretation and commentary
A student's guide to textual criticism of the Bible : [its history, methods & results]
Textualterity : art, theory and textual criticism
The Pahlavi Rivāyat accompanying the Dādestān ī Dēnīg. Part 1, Transliteration, transcription and glossary
Latin literature and its transmission : papers in honour of Michael Reeve
Scribal habits of Codex sinaiticus
The Transjordanian palimpsest : the overwritten texts of personal exile and transformation in the Deuteronomistic history
Manuscript genetics, Joyce's know-how, Beckett's nohow
How texts work
The formation of the Pentateuch : bridging the academic cultures of Europe, Israel, and North America
The Peshitta and the versions : a study of the Peshitta variants in Joshua 1-5 in relation to their equivalents in the ancient versions
The Battle of Maldon : the meaning, dating & historicity of an Old English poem
Perspectives on New Testament textual criticism : collected essays, 1962-2004
Paul's interlocutor in Romans 2 : function and identity in the context of ancient epistolography
Texts, editors, and readers : methods and problems in Latin textual criticism
Textual criticism and scholarly editing
Irenaeus and the text of 1 Samuel
In 'Traductor Scriptor', John Screnock situates the Old Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible within the broader scribal culture of the ancient world. Building on current methods in Septuagint studies and textual criticism, Screnock engages the evidence from Qumran, the Samaritan Pentateuch, and the Old Greek to argue that the phenomena of translation and transmission are fundamentally similar. 'Traductor Scriptor' presents a unique approach to the use of the Old Greek for textual criticism of the Hebrew Bible, based on new theoretical considerations and an in-depth analysis of text-critical data in the Old Greek translation and Hebrew manuscripts of Exodus 1-14.
Codex Alexandrinus is one of the three earliest surviving entire Greek Bibles and is an important fifth-century witness to the Christian Scriptures, yet no major analysis of the codex has been performed in over a century. In A Study of the Gospels in Codex Alexandrinus W. Andrew Smith delivers a fresh and highly-detailed examination of the codex and its rich variety of features using codicology, palaeography, and statistical analysis. Among the highlights of this study, W. Andrew Smith's work overturns the view that a single scribe was responsible for copying the canonical books of the New Testament and demonstrates that the orthographic patterns in the Gospels can no longer be used to argue for Egyptian provenance of the codex.
