http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p171 scam
scam swindle
The curious tale of the Lady Caraboo
Explaining two forms of Internet crime from two perspectives : toward stage theories for phishing and Internet scamming
The interplay of truth and deception : new agendas in theory and research
To kill for
The Internet and crime
The black widow
Honeymoon : a novel
Norman the naughty knight
The sticy doll trap
The art of forgery : the minds, motives and methods of master forgers
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds
Their lips talk of mischief
The believers : how America fell for Bernard Madoff's $65 billion scam
The false prince
The Gruffalo
Historians in trouble : plagiarism, fraud, and politics in the ivory tower
Reclusive literary legend M. M. 'Mimi' Banning has been holed up in her Bel Air mansion for years. But after falling prey to a Bernie Madoff-style ponzi scheme, she's flat broke. Now Mimi must write a new book for the first time in decades, and to ensure the timely delivery of her manuscript, her New York publisher sends an assistant to monitor her progress. The prickly Mimi reluctantly complies, with a few stipulations: No Ivy-Leaguers or English majors. Must drive, cook, tidy. Computer whiz. Good with kids. Quiet, discreet, sane. When Alice Whitley arrives at the Banning mansion, she's put to work right away-as a full-time companion to Frank, the writer's eccentric nine-year-old, a boy with the wit of Noel Coward, the wardrobe of a 1930s movie star, and very little in common with his fellow fourth-graders.
Replete with shady merchants, scoundrels, hungry mercenaries, scheming nobles, and maneuvering cardinals, "The Man Who Believed He Was King of France" proves the adage that truth is often stranger than fiction - or at least as entertaining. The setting of this improbable but beguiling tale is 1354 and the Hundred Years' War being waged for control of France. Seeing an opportunity for political and material gain, the demagogic dictator of Rome tells Giannino di Guccio that he is in fact the lost heir to Louis X, allegedly switched at birth with the son of a Tuscan merchant. Once convinced of his birthright, Giannino claims for himself the name King Jean I of France and sets out on a brave - if ultimately ruinous - quest that leads him across Europe to prove his identity.With the skill of a crime scene detective, Tommaso di Carpegna Falconieri digs up evidence in the historical record to follow the story of a life so incredible that it was long considered a literary invention of the Italian Renaissance. From Italy to Hungary, then through Germany and France, the would-be king's unique combination of guile and earnestness commands the aid of lords and soldiers, the indulgence of innkeepers and merchants, and the collusion of priests and rogues along the way. The apparent absurdity of the tale allows Carpegna Falconieri to analyze late-medieval society, exploring questions of essence and appearance, being and belief, at a time when the divine right of kings confronted the rise of mercantile culture. Giannino's life represents a moment in which truth, lies, history, and memory combine to make us wonder where reality leaves off and fiction begins.
Horrid Henry gets rich quick
Cryoburn
The strange last voyage of Donald Crowhurst
The baked bean cure
A suspension of mercy
Judith Rashleigh works as an assistant in a prestigious London auction house, but her dreams of breaking into the art world have been gradually dulled by the blunt forces of snobbery and corruption. To make ends meet she moonlights as a hostess in one of the West End's less salubrious bars - although her work there pales against her activities on nights off.  When Judith stumbles across a conspiracy at her auction house, she is fired before she can expose the fraud. In desperation, she accepts an offer from one of the bar's clients to accompany him to the French Riviera. But when an ill-advised attempt to slip him sedatives has momentous consequences, Judith finds herself fleeing for her life.  Now alone and in danger, all Judith has to rely on is her consummate ability to fake it amongst the rich and famous - and the inside track on the hugely lucrative art fraud that triggered her dismissal.  Set in the exotic palaces and yachts of Europe's seriously wealthy.
Be frank with me
Madoff with the money
Such a long journey
The language of deception : a discourse analytical study
"How do we know if a treatment works, or if something causes cancer? Can the claims of homeopaths ever be as true ? or as interesting as the improbable research into the placebo effect? Who created the MMR hoax? Do journalists understand science? Why do we seek scientific explanations for social, personal and political problems? Are alternative therapists and the pharmaceutical companies really so different, or do they just use the same old tricks to sell different types of pill? We are obsessed with our health. And yet ? from the media?s ?world-expert microbiologist? with a mail-order PhD in his garden shed laboratory, via multiple health scares and miracle cures, to the million pound trial that Durham Council now denies ever existed ? we are constantly bombarded with inaccurate, contradictory and sometimes even misleading information. Until now. Ben Goldacre masterfully dismantles the dodgy science behind some of the great drug trials, court cases and missed opportunities of our time, but he also goes further: out of the bulls---, he shows us the fascinating story of how we know what we know, and gives us the tools to uncover bad science for ourselves." - product description.
Phishing exposed
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
Tea time for the traditionally built
The seamstress
Swindled : from poison sweets to counterfeit coffee : the dark history of the food cheats
Spam nation : the inside story of organized cybercrime--from global epidemic to your front door
Valour and vanity
A game of thrones : the board game
Unmasking the social engineer : the human element of security
In the country of Carthya, a devious nobleman engages four orphans in a brutal competition to be selected to impersonate the king's long-missing son in an effort to avoid a civil war.
The Boss
You know him...you love him...now, join him for his biggest caper as master of charm Lando Calrissian gets his very own book! Before he joined the rebellion, before he ran Cloud City, Lando made his way in the galaxy getting by on some swindles, some swagger, and a smile. Lobot at his side, Lando has a plan to steal a very valuable ship...but has he bitten off more than he can chew?
Before I go to sleep
The uses and abuses of history
Star Wars : Lando
One good turn
Casino security and gaming surveillance
Million dollar mistakes : steering your music career clear of lies, cons, catastrophes, and landmines
Strat and Chatto
In 1902, the volcano Mt. Pelée erupts on the island of Martinique, wiping out an entire city of thirty thousand -- and sinking a ship carrying a German scientist on the verge of an astonishing breakthrough. More than a century later, Juan Cabrillo will have to deal with that scientist's legacy. During a covert operation, Cabrillo and the crew meticulously fake the sinking of the Oregon -- but when an unknown adversary tracks them down despite their planning and attempts to assassinate them, Cabrillo and his team struggle to fight back against an enemy who seems to be able to anticipate their every move. They discover that a traitorous American weapons designer has completed the German scientist's work, and now wields extraordinary power, sending the Oregon on a race against time to stop an attack that could lead to one man ruling over the largest empire the world has ever known / WorldCat.
Phishing and countermeasures : understanding the increasing problem of electronic identity theft
The case of the man who died laughing : from the files of Vish Puri, "most private investigator"
Cold War : CIA vs KGB
Vanished
Kidding ourselves : the hidden power of self-deception
Beyond the hoax : science, philosophy and culture
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Arthur Newman
The republic of thieves
How to ruin a queen : Marie Antoinette, the stolen diamonds and the scandal that shook the French throne
Thin ice
The secret Gospel of Mark unveiled : imagined rituals of sex, death, and madness in a biblical forgery
Wolf's magnificent master plan
Before I go to sleep : a novel
The blue book
Academic plagiarism is nothing new, and it most certainly did not begin with the advent of the Internet. Teachers have been struggling for decades in countries all over the globe to find appropriate methods for dealing with the problem. How do we teach good scientific practice? How do we find and document plagiarism? And how do we deal with those who have been caught? This book collects material on the various aspects of plagiarism in education. Because of the widespread interest in the many doctoral dissertations in Germany that have been found to be plagiarized, including those from high-ranking politicians and members of the scientific community, special attention is given to the VroniPlag Wiki and the situation in Germany, past and present.
The Shawshank redemption = Avain pakoon
Friends in High Places
"Mary Robinette Kowal's Valour and Vanity is a Regency version of a heist movie with a healthy dose of magic sprinkled in. After Melody's wedding, the Ellsworths and Vincents accompany the young couple on the their tour of the continent. Jane and Vincent plan to separate from the party and travel to Murano to study with glassblowers there, but their ship is set upon by Barbary corsairs while en route. It is their good fortune that they are not enslaved, but they lose everything to the pirates and arrive in Murano destitute.Fortunately, one of the gentlemen from the ship is a local banker and arranges for a line of credit and a place to live. Relieved, the Vincents begin the work for which they have come to Italy.All is proceeding apace until a solicitor arrives at their house and charges them with illegal trespass. Jane and Vincent produce letters from their banking friend, but they are all forgeries, and worse, he has used their forged letters to clean out their funds in England. Now, Jane and Vincent owe money to a number of people in town and are forbidden from travel. They manage to find some small work, but it is obvious to both of them that this path will not maintain them for long. Instead, Vincent hatches a reckless plan to get their money back. The ensuing adventure is a glorious envisioning of all the best parts of heist narratives, but in a Regency setting with magic"--
The republic of thieves : book three of the Gentleman Bastard sequence
The great betrayal : fraud in science
Liars, Inc
Your call is important to us : the truth about bullshit
The man who believed he was king of France : a true medieval tale
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
Cold courage
The Racketeer
How to predict the unpredictable : the art of outsmarting almost everyone
Tuesday's gone
I love you Phillip Morris
Home economics : domestic fraud in Victorian England
The Gruffalo play
Elizabeth Barber is crossing the Atlantic by liner with her perfectly adequate boyfriend, Derek, who might be planning to propose. In fleeing the UK - temporarily - Elizabeth may also be in flight from her past and the charismatic Arthur, once her partner in what she came to see as a series of crimes. Together they acted as fake mediums, perfecting the arcane skills practised by effective frauds. Elizabeth finally rejected what once seemed an intoxicating game. Arthur continued his search for the right way to do wrong. The pair still meet occasionally, for weekends of sexual oblivion, but their affection lacerates as much as it consoles. She hadn't, though, expected the other man on the boat...
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Financial crime investigation and control
Princess Luisa has devoted her life to duty, quietly preparing to succeed her father as ruler. Nothing, however, primed her to live on the run, disguised as a personal secretary to a notorious English scoundrel.The earl is just the man to help her reclaim her throne, but Luisa is drawn to her powerful employer in ways she never imagined...Philip, Earl of Somerton, has spent six years married to a woman in love with another man - he refuses to become a fool due to imprudent emotions ever again. Only, as his carefully laid plans for vengeance falter, fate hands him hope for redemption in the form of a beautiful and determined young princess who draws him into a risky game of secrets, seduction, and betrayal.
How to school your scoundrel
Fraud exposed : what you don't know could cost your company millions
Blink & caution
Robert Ludlum's the Bourne objective : a new Jason Bourne novel
No one would listen : a true financial thriller
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Election Fraud : Detecting and Deterring Electoral Manipulation
Forging capitalism : rogues, swindlers, frauds and the rise of modern finance
Swindling billions : an extraordinary history of the great money fraudsters
Huijarit = The grifters
Spy the lie : former CIA officers teach you how to detect deception
Kiss me first
"Fraud permeates all types of institutions today and now the world of science, the last bastion of respect and trust, is no exception. Dozens of cases have been uncovered in the past quarter-century-and the headlines continue. We can no longer shrug off fraud in science as the work of aberrant individual scientists, Horace Freeland Judson argues. Instead, we must look for its causes and its remedies in the structures and cultures of the scientific institutions themselves. Judson carefully details all types of scientific fraud and how they happen; considers the self-government of the sciences, including peer review and the refereeing of papers; and exposes the failures of academic, governmental, and legal responses. He also shows how the movement toward Internet publication of papers promises remarkable new checks on fraud and suggests how we can restore and defend the integrity of the greatest monument of human endeavor- the sciences."
Arctic Scavengers : Base game + Hq + Recon
Heist society
Impostures in early modern England : representations and perceptions of fraudulent identities
Johnny Swanson
"This will not be a Ponzi scheme" : persuasion in an American Ponzi scheme
Love and lies : and why you can't have one without the other
Identity Theft, Inc. : a wild ride with the world's #1 identity thief
In real life : love, lies & identity in the digital age
The bachelors
Friends in high places
False feathers : a perspective on academic plagiarism
Plastic fantastic : how the biggest fraud in physics shook the scientific world
Buffalo Bill and the indians
