http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17161 knowledge systems
knowledge systems
Model-based explanation of plant knowledge
Approximate reasoning in intelligent systems, decision and control
Knowledge-based systems for strategic planning
Abstract.
Pervasive environments are physical spaces saturated with devices collecting data, controlling the environment, and interacting with users. These environments support human users in their everyday tasks so that the users can focus on their own tasks and access services and resources whenever and wherever they want. Such environments are also called smart spaces. Knowledge-based systems would enable realizing a variety of intelligent applications for pervasive environments. Generally, such systems recognize the situation in the environment from sensor data and utilize automated reasoning techniques to respond to the situation and the needs of the users.However, building knowledge-based systems for pervasive environments presents challenges. This dissertation focuses on the challenge of data and knowledge representations. Knowledge-based systems utilize expressive knowledge representations that are verbose and require sufficient resources in order to use them. Most devices in pervasive environments cannot handle these representations as the devices have limited resources for computation, storage, and communication. The main aim of this dissertation is to tackle this challenge. That is, on the one hand, pervasive environments demand data and knowledge representations that do not require many resources from the resource-constrained devices; and on the other hand, the representations should be compatible with the knowledge-based systems. Specifically, a general solution is required that enables many applications to use the same data with minimal effort from application developers.This dissertation presents a novel representation, Entity Notation (EN), to tackle these challenges. EN is designed as a general lightweight representation for data and knowledge. EN expresses entities, their properties, and property values. This structure resembles the triple structure of Resource Description Framework (RDF) and Web Ontology Language (OWL). Hence, sensor data in EN syntax can be transformed into common knowledge models in a straightforward manner and utilized with ease by knowledge-based systems. EN Schema is designed for transferring advanced knowledge models. Moreover, EN also offers an approach to shorten the format with templates and prefixes. This way, EN can be utilized by resource-constrained devices and environments. Our evaluation verifies that small devices can utilize EN to transfer data and knowledge to devices realizing intelligent functions, such as inference. Moreover, the expressive power of EN is comparable with the alternative representations. Finally, resource consumption is verified by prototypes. Based on the evaluation, we can conclude that EN can facilitate harnessing the full potential of pervasive environments.
Knowledge engineering : knowledge acquisition, knowledge representation, the role of the knowledge engineer, and domains fertile for al implementation
Whoever said computers would be intelligent?
Knowledge service engineering handbook
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 1
A knowledge-based system for real-time operation planning and event analysis in power system control
Expert systems in public administration : evolving practices and norms
Situation awareness in environmental monitoring : concepts, implementation, applications
Service-Oriented Perspectives in Design Science Research : 6th International Conference, DESRIST 2011, Milwaukee, WI, USA, May 5-6, 2011. Proceedings
Diagnosis and modelling in a knowledge-based educational system : analysis in the field of first degree equations in mathematics
Designing and evaluating user interfaces for knowledge-based systems
Knowledge-based systems in engineering
Natural-born cyborgs : minds, technologies, and the future of human intelligence
Wearable ehealth systems for personalised health management : state of the art and future challenges
Artificial intelligence with uncertainty
Dynamic aspects of knowledge bases
Web 2.0 knowledge technologies and the enterprise : smarter, lighter and cheaper
Artificial intelligence research and development
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Business innovation in Asia : knowledge and technology networks from Japan
Foundations of intelligent knowledge-based systems
The age of spiritual machines : when computers exceed human intelligence
A legal advisory system concerning electronic data interchange within the European Community
Machine Learning : ECML 2002 : 13th European Conference on Machine Learning, Helsinki, Finland, August 19-23, 2002, proceedings
This book constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Service-Oriented Perspectives in Design Science Research, DERIST 2011, held in Milwaukee, WI, USA, in May 2011. The 29 revised full papers presented together with 5 revised short papers were carefully reviewed and selected from 50 submissions. The papers are organized in topical sections on design theory, design science research strategies, design methods and techniques, design evaluation, design guidelines, service-oriented perspectives in design science, process design, neuroscience in design research, and designing for social media.
Decision support systems : theory and application
Scandinavian Conference on Artificial Intelligence -89 : proceedings of the SCAI '89, Tampere, Finland, June 13-15, 1989
Knowledge representation and language in AI
Artificial intelligence in education : shaping the future of learning through intelligent technologies
Information and knowledge-based systems : an introduction
Crash course in artificial intelligence and expert systems
The knowledge frontier : essays in the representation of knowledge
Computer-aided protein modelling : applications to antibody and enzyme engineering
Validating and verifying knowledge-based systems
Expertise in context : human and machine
Deep knowledge and domain models
Building expert systems
Intelligent Java applications for the Internet and Intranets
Spinning the semantic web : bringing the World Wide Web to its full potential
A framework for distributed problem solving
Introduction to expert systems
Pre-prints of the 7th Symposium on Technical Diagnostics : 17-19 September 1990, Helsinki Fair Center, Finland
Applying expert systems in business
Analysis of R&D infrastructures of work-oriented innovation in selected European countries
Artificial intelligence : a guide to intelligent systems
Deep models for medical knowledge engineering
AI approaches to the complexity of legal systems : models and ethical challenges for legal systems, legal language and legal ontologies, argumentation and software agents : international workshop AICOL-III, held as part of the 25th IVR Congress Frankfurt am Main, Germany, August 15-16, 2011 : revised selected papers
OECD workshop on knowledge-based expert systems in transportation : Espoo, Finland, 26-28 June, 1990. Vol. 2
Artificial Knowing challenges the masculine slant in the Artificial Intelligence (AI) view of the world. Alison Adam admirably fills the large gap in science and technology studies by showing us that gender bias is inscribed in AI-based computer systems. Her treatment of feminist epistemology, focusing on the ideas of the knowing subject, the nature of knowledge, rationality and language, are bound to make a significant and powerful contribution to AI studies. Drawing from theories by Donna Haraway and Sherry Turkle, and using tools of feminist epistemology, Adam provides a sustained critique of AI which interestingly re-enforces many of the traditional criticisms of the AI project. Artificial Knowing is an esential read for those interested in gender studies, science and technology studies, and philosophical debates in AI.
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. Volume 2, The new technologies
Obstacles to the development of legal knowledge-based systems
Intelligent recommendation of products
Knowledge-based systems in artificial intelligence
Innovation generating model - simultaneous development of work organization and knowledge infrastructure : experimenting in the field of organizational development
Knowledge-based software engineering : proceedings of the tenth Joint Conference on Knowledge-Based Software Engineering
IT governance and cost in practice : how to ramp down IT service?
Community of practice for collaborative research in knowledge management
Knowledge maintenance of case-based reasoning systems : the SIAM methodology
Virtual knowledge : experimenting in the humanities and the social sciences
Modeling physical domains for knowledge based systems
From knowledge to intelligence : creating competitive advantage in the next economy
Developing intelligent agent systems : a practical guide
Machine learning : an integrated framework and its applications
The artificial intelligence experience : an introduction
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Decision support and business intelligence systems
"The new field of machine ethics is concerned with giving machines ethical principles, or a procedure for discovering a way to resolve the ethical dilemmas they might encounter, enabling them to function in an ethically responsible manner through their own ethical decision making. Developing ethics for machines, in contrast to developing ethics for human beings who use machines, is by its nature an interdisciplinary endeavor. The essays in this volume represent the first steps by philosophers and artificial intelligence researchers toward explaining why it is necessary to add an ethical dimension to machines that function autonomously, what is required in order to add this dimension, philosophical and practical challenges to the machine ethics project, various approaches that could be considered in attempting to add an ethical dimension to machines, work that has been done to date in implementing these approaches, and visions of the future of machine ethics research"--
Smart environments : technologies, protocols, and applications
Principles of database and knowledge-base systems. Volume 1.
Probabilistic networks and expert systems
Ontological engineering : with examples from the areas of knowledge management, e-commerce and the Semantic Web
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 2
Learning across boundaries : workplace development strategies of Singapore, Flanders and Ireland in comparison
Programming expert systems in Pascal
Industrial applications of semantic Web : proceedings of the 1st IFIP WG 12.5 Working Conference on Industrial Applications of Semantic Web, August 25-27, 2005, Jyväskylä, Finland
Knowledge transfer to product development processes:a multiple case study in two small technology parks
Managing expert systems
Designing knowledge-based systems
Lightweight data and knowledge exchange for pervasive environments
Expert systems : concepts and examples
Heuristic harvesting system selection through the KBS approach
An introduction to multiagent systems
Innovating with information technology in a globalized world:being proactive about culture
Knowledge-based systems : fundamentals and tools
The engineering of knowledge-based systems : theory and practice
Proceedings of the twenty-ninth Hawaii International Conferece on System Sciences [(HICSS-29), held in Wailea, Hawaii on January 3-6, 1996]. Vol. 2, Information systems - decision support and knowledge-based systems
Artificial knowing : gender and the thinking machine
Artificial intelligence : theory, logic and application
Artificial intelligence in nuclear power plants : IAEA[IWG NPPCI specialists' meeting Helsinki]Vantaa, Finland, 10-12 October, 1989. Vol. 1
All for one, one for all : organizational knowledge creation and utilization using a new generation of IT tools
Expert systems : a practical introduction
Machine ethics
