http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17202 presidential elections
presidential elections
Our revolution : a future to believe in
Blood's a rover
Audacity of races and genders : a personal and global story of the Obama election
Packaging the presidency : a history and criticism of presidential campaign advertising
The French presidential elections of 1988 : ideology and leadership in contemporary France
Yes we can : voices of a grassroots movement
Fellow citizens : the Penguin book of U.S. presidential inaugural addresses
The making of the President 1960
The 2008 presidential election handbook and commentary : the connection to hope
The 1932 campaign : an analysis
Renewing presidential politics : campaings, media, and the public interest
A proposal for reforming the presidential elections in Finland
Our plan for America : stronger at home, respected in the world
Deception point
Electoral laws and the survival of presidential democracies
Rum, religion, and votes : 1928 re-examined
La Follette's autobiography : a personal narrative of political experiences
Finnish election system : overview
Encyclopedia of presidential campaigns, slogans, issues, and platforms
The Palin effect : money, sex and class in the new American politics
"At this defining moment" : Barack Obama's presidential candidacy and the new politics of race
Televised presidential debates and public policy
It can't happen here
This volume explores a central political paradox: why American scholars, journalists, and citizens periodically question the viability of their presidential electoral system and yet believe that presidential elections are our best hope for a better tomorrow. The book argues that the key to understanding this paradox lies in the concept of "self image," exploring relationships between campaign activities and political culture. After presenting an introduction to the history of presidential campaigning and a theory of political image, the book arranges chapters in three parts: images centered on candidates, mass media, and the public. A final chapter assesses explanations of the contrasts between the 1988 and 1992 elections and suggests tomorrow's research agenda. Students and teachers alike will find this book ideal for college courses in campaigns and elections, political behavior, and a variety of specialty courses.
The making of Donald Trump
Art for Obama  : designing manifest hope and the campaign for change
Revolution in orange : the origins of Ukraine's democratic breakthrough
Yes we can? : white racial framing and the 2008 presidential campaign
The Democrats' dilemma : Walter F. Mondale and the liberal legacy
Barack Obama in his own words
America afire : Jefferson, Adams, and the revolutionary election of 1800
France at the polls : the presidential election of 1974
Trump talk : Donald Trump in his own words
The imposition of a fake political settlement in the northern Caucasus : The 2003 Chechen presidential election
Economc conditions and presidential elections
The Slave states in the presidential election of 1860
Out of order
The making of the president 1964 : [the narrative history of American politics in action]
The marketplace of ideas : a corpus study of buy and sell metaphors in American political discourse
A functional analysis of the Finnish 2012 presidential debates
The 1996 Russian presidential election
Election hacking in democracies : the example of the U.S. 2016 elections
Candidate images in presidential elections
The trumpet soundeth : Wiliam Jennings Bryan and his democracy, 1896-1912
The Bush dyslexicon : observations on a national disorder
Character, intimacy, and issues in a presidential campaign : a rhetorical analysis of the PresiTentti interview series, Finland
"Intellectually exhausted and increasingly desperate" versus "flat-out false and reeks of desperation" : how the blogs of the candidates in the American presidential election of 2012 create a negative image of the opponent
Elections and democracy in Central America
Presidential elections : strategies of American electoral politics
Hillary Rodham Clinton: a woman living history
Presidential campaigns and American self images
The Goldwater coalition : republican strategies in 1964
The making of the President 1964
American history and Donald Trump : the 200-year-old roots of the Trump campaign
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
The brethren
Learning by voting : sequential choices in presidential primaries and other elections
The winning of the White House 1988
Presidential lottery : the reckless gamble in our electoral system
The responsible electorate : rationality in presidential voting 1936-1960
Covering the presidential primaries
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
The electronic election : perspectives on the 1996 campaign communication
The making of the president 1972
How to make a successful PR campaign? : case study: V. Yushenko in the light of relevant articles
The press and the modern presidency : myths and mindsets from Kennedy to election 2000
Bill Clinton on stump, state, and stage : the rhetorical road to the White House
The politics of presidential selection
Obama : the historic front pages : from announcement to inauguration chrinicled by leading U.S. and international newspapers
Primary elections
The triumph of Allende : Chile's legal revolution
The Routledge historical atlas of presidential elections
The Chilean presidential election : under the shadow of Pinochet?
After more than three decades of shrinking voter involvement in presidential elections, something happened in 1992. Whether Americans were so fed up with politics as usual or so concerned about signs of an economy and a society in decay that they took matters into their own hands, they dramatically broke the downward spiral of presidential voting and set the nation on a new course. In one of the most unusual and electric campaigns for the White House in history, an unprecedentedly popular Republican president saw his political fortunes plunge almost overnight; a Democratic front-runner was nearly destroyed by scandal, only to recover; and a billionaire independent not once but twice tossed a monkey wrench into all calculations. Traditional stump campaigning took a backseat to television talk shows and politics-by-tabloid as the candidates sought and found new means to reach an electorate that for the first time in years seemed willing and even eager to be solicited, and to listen. In Mad as Hell, veteran reporters and political analysts Jack W. Germond and Jules Witcover turn their more than thirty years experience on the campaign trail and in the campaign back rooms to telling the definitive story of how the excesses of George Bush's 1988 campaign came back to haunt him in 1992, and how Bill Clinton and his brash team of political strategists capitalized on Bush's failures and missteps to deny him reelection. At the same time, they examine the Ross Perot phenomenon from its unique birth in one television studio to its effective demise nine months later in another, in a year in which voters yearned for change - and for a new leader to provide it. From the challenge of Pat Buchanan and the media feeding frenzy against Clinton in New Hampshire to the dramatic "town meeting" debate in Richmond in which Bush unwittingly demonstrated that he "just didn't get it" about the depth of Americans' domestic concerns, the authors provide an inside account of how and why the voters ended Republican rule after twelve years of the Reagan Revolution, tuning the country over to a Democrat for only the second time in the last seven presidential elections. Explored are the essential ingredients of Bush's defeat and Clinton's victory: Bush's fateful "read my lips, no new taxes" pledge; the 1991 Democratic Senate victory in Pennsylvania that sounded the warning; Clinton's remarkable survivability; a Democratic convention that worked and a Republican convention that didn't; a Democratic bus tour that introduced a new generation of leadership and Republican whistle-stops that laid bare the vulnerabilities of the old; the thirst for a new face and a new voice to enfranchise the alienated, and how it may have changed American politics for years to come.
Money in politics
Strategies in televised political advertising in United States presidential elections
Fear and loathing : on the campaign trail '72
The way to win : taking the White House in 2008
The presidential election and transition 1960-1961 : Brookings lectures and additional papers
Notes on the presidential elections in Finland
What's the matter with Kansas? : how conservatives won the heart of America
A Catholic in the White House? : religion, politics, and John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign
American weather
A time for truth : reigniting the promise of America
Presidential campaigns : sins of omission
Ethnic voters and the election of Lincoln
Empire statesman : the rise and redemption of Al Smith
By the people : the election of Barack Obama
The homestretch : new politics, new media, new voters?
The disappearing God gap? : religion in the 2008 presidential election
Billionaires & ballot bandits : how to steal an election in 9 easy steps
The people's President : the electoral college in American history and the direct-vote alternative
Elections since 1945 : a worldwide reference compendium
The election of 1980 : reports and interpretations
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
The Finish line : covering the campaign's final days
The vital south : how presidents are elected
Obama : the historic front pages : from announcement to inauguration, chronicled by leading U.S. and international newspapers
The galvanization of the young vote in the 2008 presidential election : lessons learned from the phenomenon
The people's choice : how the voter makes up his mind in a presidential campaign
History of American presidential elections 1789-1968. Vol. 3, [1900-1936]
The voter decides
Fortunate son : George W. Bush and the making of an American president
Act of treason
Convention decisions and voting records
"The third force" - Yuri Luzhkov and the fatherland
The making of the president 1968
Liberalism's last hurrah : the presidential campaign of 1964
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
An American melodrama : the presidential campaign of 1968
Crisis of authority : Iran's 2009 presidential election
Voting : a study of opinion formation in a presidential campaign
Appealing to women : a rhetoric analysis of Mitt Romney's and Barack Obama's election debates in the 2012 presidential election
Bush v. Gore : exposing the hidden crisis in American democracy
Mad as hell : revolt at the ballot box, 1992
The 1928 campaign : an analysis
Presidential merry-go-round : a case study of a presidential election campaign of the year 2000 in Finland from the point of view of a campaign organisation
Perpetuating power : how Mexican presidents were chosen
The rise of Barack Obama
Economics and the U.S. presidental election of 2012
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
"Fight to the finish" : the media frames and the metaphors used in the framing in Newsweek's coverage of the Florida vote-counting scandal during the 2000 U.S. presidential election
The international almanac of electoral history
t's a gorgeous autumn day in Georgetown. The Democratic candidates for president and vice-president of the United States are dutifully glad-handing voters and the media outside a grand estate where a national security conference has just been held, bringing together the world's greatest minds to discuss the issues that are threatening the country. It's American politicking at its best. That's when all hell breaks loose. – WorldCat.
Uncivil wars : political campaigns in a media age
All's fair : love, war, and running for president
Where's Trump?
Candidates in conflict : persuasive attack and defense in the 1992 presidential debates
Poison politics : are negative campaigns destroying democracy?
Let there be lite
No way to pick a president
Image bite politics : news and the visual framing of elections
Finnish election system
America at the polls : a handbook of American presidential election statistics 1920-1964
The American presidential election 1972.
History of American presidential elections 1789-1968. Vol. 4, [1940-1968]
Government in America : people, politics, and policy
The American political process
Race of a lifetime : how Obama won the White House
Somehow it works : a candid portrait of the 1964 presidential election by NBC news
Television and gender in Finnish presidential elections
History of American presidential elections 1789-1968. Vol. 1, [1789-1844]
Candidates, issues, and strategies : a computer simulation of the 1960 presidential election
Barack Obama, the new face of America
History of American presidential elections 1789-1968. Vol. 2, [1848-1896]
The objective of the study was to examine the PR campaign from the point of view of articles from the leading Ukrainian daily newspaper Fakti i kommentarii (Facts and Commentaries). The case in question is Viktor Yushenko's presidential election campaign 2004. Despite Yushenko's brief tenure as a prime minister, he was relatively unknown to most Ukrainians before the election campaign began, but he succeeded in a very short time in his endeavour to win the election. The research question was: What were the main reasons for his victory? The research problem was how to create a successful presidential election campaign. The theoretical part of the thesis is based on reliable and up to date source material. Ronald Smith and Elisa Juholin's theories and findings were used as a principal source and other literature that concentrates on public relations was used along with it. The secondary data was obtained from the unstructured interviews of people from Ukraine. Two persons were interviewed in order to have clearer picture about the Orange Revolution of 2004 in Ukraine. The interviews were made by phone. The author asked two women with different points of view questions about the Ukrainian election campaign of 2004. According to the results of the study the reasons for the victory were both internal and external. The main strengths of Viktor Yushenko's campaign were strong management and leadership of the election campaign, the candidate's credibility and sufficient funding. The study provides evidence that most of the theoretical factors based on previous research were also relevant in this campaign.
A short history of presidential elections
Music as message facilitator : a content analysis of musical elements within the visual and verbal contexts of U.S. presidential campaign spots, 1968-1988
