http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1724 doubt
doubt
The secrets we keep
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Explaining beliefs : Lynne Rudder Baker and her critics
Relativism and beyond
The rift uprising
Where
Absolutely fabulous : the movie
The fixation of belief and its undoing : changing beliefs through inquiry
Testimony : a philosophical study
Someone to watch over me
A most wanted man
The boy in the shadows
Heart of the hunter
I was dead for 13 minutes.  I don't remember how I ended up in the icy water but I do know this - it wasn't an accident and I wasn't suicidal.  They say you should keep your friends close and your enemies closer, but when you're a teenage girl, it's hard to tell them apart. My friends love me, I'm sure of it. But that doesn't mean they didn't try to kill me. Does it?
The ghost riders of Ordebec
The people next door
How to be a philosopher, or How to be almost certain that almost nothing is certain
Warrant and proper function
The nice guys
Losing my religion : how I lost my faith reporting on religion in America - and found unexpected peace
Sidney Sheldon's After the darkness
Carthage
The problem of knowledge
Ordeal by innocence
The insect farm
Reasons for belief
The accused
Officer down
Doubting : contemporary perspectives on skepticism
Jack Reacher : never go back
The foundations of belief
The spy who loved school dinners
Little black lies
Confidentially yours
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
Fully informed reasonable disagreement and tradition based perspectivalism
The place of "doubt" in the clinical psychology of religion
The night of
Mrs Jeffries and the missing alibi
Revelation
The woman in the fifth
On the loose : a novel
Mean streak
The little white car : a novel
Faith at the edge : a book for doubters
The successor : a novel
The ex
The fugitive
Dark places
Cover of snow : a novel
The neighbour
The price of doubt
Conviction
The Gordian knot
Starlight
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
Doubt in an age of faith : uncertainty in the long twelfth century
The summons
One good turn
The fall
Mechanical
Three bags full : a sheep detective story
The book of strange new things
Apparently, people who are aware of the relevant facts and experiences in a belief forming situation, sometimes reasonably disagree about whether to believe and why. This study argues that such disagreements are possible, and that some purportedly fully informed reasonable disagreements are genuine, including cases involving disagreement about which beliefs about God are reasonably taken to be properly basic, given the facts of religious diversity and cases in which phenomenologically similar religious experiences properly ground a variety of religious beliefs. Drawing on the work of Alasdair MacIntyre, it also argues that Tradition-Based Perspectivalism - roughly, the view that foundational beliefs about what is reasonable to believe and why, are tradition-based and perspectival in nature, originating in and appropriately grounded only from the perspective of some tradition of inquiry or other - is true, and that its truth provides additional support for the claim that fully informed reasonable disagreement actually occurs.
What did the child tell : the accuracy of parents' reports of a child's statements in a conversation
Introducing philosophy : the challenge of scepticism
Warrant : the current debate
The reliability of sense perception
Putting logic in its place : formal constraints on rational belief
Failure / edited by Lisa Le Feuvre
The associate
Wild horses
Scepticism and animal faith : introduction to a system of philosophy
Plain truth
Bridget Jones's baby
The scandal
The G file : a Van Veeteren mystery
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Edith's diary
Ricoeur and the hermeneutics of suspicion
Studies in the philosophy of mind
Scrapped
Belief's own ethics
The hard way
Kinder than solitude : a novel
Why believe?
Binding ties : a novel
Six impossible things before breakfast : the evolutionary origins of belief
The program
The incredulous reader : literature and the function of disbelief
The death of faith
Belief and probability
The good suicides
This accessible and introductory guide to critical thinking will help you think like a scientist, learn to question everything, and understand how your own brain can trip you up. This fresh and exciting approach to science, skepticism, and critical thinking will enlighten and inspire readers of all ages. With a mix of wit and wisdom, it challenges everyone to think like a scientist, embrace the skeptical life, and improve their critical thinking skills
Catch me when I fall
Proper confidence : faith, doubt and certainty in Christian discipleship
Silent witness
The girls
The library of shadows
The beach house
Risking faith : personal answers for weary skeptics
Dark places : a novel
Olivia Randall is one of New York City's best criminal defense lawyers. When she hears that her former fiance, Jack Harris, has been arrested for a triple homicide--and that one of the victims was connected to his wife's murder three years earlier--there is no doubt in her mind as to his innocence. The only question is, who would go to such great lengths to frame him--and why?  For Olivia, representing Jack is a way to make up for past regrets and absolve herself of guilt from a tragic decision, a secret she has held for twenty years. But as the evidence against him mounts, she is forced to confront her doubts. The man she knew could not have done this. But what if she never really knew him?
Kennedy's brain
The devil's star
Belief and agency
The meaning of it all
Faith and unbelief : uncertainty and atheism
The second deadly sin
Train to Trieste
If you were me
Small gods : a Discworld novel
Religion without explanation
The future of religion - the future of suspicion : proceedings of the 13th Biennial European Conference on the Philosophy of Religion, Järvenpää, Finland, 25-28 August 2000
Think : why you should question everything
The spy
Death of a nightingale
Spirituality for the skeptic : the thoughtful love of life
The first phone call from heaven
The darkest whisper
Theology, hermeneutics, and imagination : the crisis of interpretation at the end of modernity
