http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1720 ESTES
ESTES
Immigrants establishing business in Porvoo : obstacles and opportunities
Electronic commerce is a constantly growing business form in the world. At the same time, the income of middle class in developing countries is increasing, which booms the world s tourism and a demand for traditional and online travel agencies can be perceived.  The objective of this thesis is to find the current shortcomings or limitations in eCommerce in consumer retailing, with a focus on online travel agencies operating in Finland. There exist several researches relating to the eCommerce barriers in the travel services field, but not any from the Finnish perspective.  The main research problem is: What are the barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies (OTAs) operating in Finland?  The research method used in this desktop study is qualitative, a multiple-case study of four online travel agencies: E-ticket, Supersaver, Travellink and Travelstart. The secondary data was collected from several various research reports, research journals, statistics offices data bases, articles, companies websites, study reports and international trade websites.  The results of the research are that in Finland, disintermediation in the value chain of travel services is limiting the online travel agencies sales, the major part of airline ticket sales is direct selling at 86 %, consumers prefer to shop in person, they have no need to buy through the Internet and they have payment security concerns. When examining the case companies websites, there were several deficiencies: lack of contact information, false information, broken and false hyperlinks, customer service poorly available, blogs needed, payment methods to be improved, information to be presented in richer ways and missing customer member pages. The lack of quality in the website of an online travel agency is a concern as it is the only contact in many cases the consumer has with the company.
Diffusion of Solar Products on the African Market-Ghana case
The effect of Russia’s accession to the WTO on Russian trade
Hempcrete Noise Barrier Wall for Highway Noise Insulation : Research & Construction
Visual obstruction of herb vegetation defining standards for natural barriers
Identification of barriers in international trade under imperfect competition
The parkour and free-running handbook
Finnish mechanical forest industry SME perceptions of export barriers to Russia
The Guru guideTM to the knowledge economy : the best ideas for operating profitably in a hyper-competitive world
Horse riding : The essential step-by-step guide to good horsemanship, from learning the basics to the world of competitive eventing
In vitro cell models in predicting blood-brain barrier permeability of drugs
Challenges to the development of energy performance measurement : a systems thinking approach
Entrepreneurship is a highly desired option for employment nowadays. Many hope to find superior living standard, independence, realization and job security through the entrepreneurial path. In some cases, self-employment is the only option available in order to maintain sustainability. (Eiyebholoria, 2012) However, numerous barriers are encountered on the path to success and entrepreneurship barriers can vary from one place to another. Furthermore, regardless the increase in entrepreneurship among immigrants in the past decades, various authors have acknowledged that barriers to entrepreneurship faced by immigrants attempting to establish and running a business in the country of settlement are greater. Additionally, often these barriers are not clearly known by the policy makers of the host society. For that reason, this research was conducted with the objective to understand and investigate the type of barriers that were encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku. In this study, the literature review was formed based on a number of reliable academic sources concerning entrepreneurs, entrepreneurship barriers and immigrants. The first part of the literature review consists of a description of entrepreneur and immigrant entrepreneurs. The second part offers a general overview of the entrepreneurship barriers that are often confronted by immigrants. The primary data was collected by using an online survey, which was designed with close-ended and open-ended questions related to entrepreneurship barriers, open-ended questions were intentionally implemented to allow respondents to express themselves freely. The questionnaire was sent to several immigrant entrepreneurs registered in Turku local business support and services agency database.After analyzing the research empirical data collected through the survey, it was confirmed that immigrants encountered quite few barriers to entrepreneurship in the city of Turku. The major barriers were caused by the insufficient connection with the local community formal network. Recommendations based on primary data analysis and several new questions for further research were implemented at the end of this document.
ARS 74 : Ateneum : [Ateneumin taidemuseo = Konstmuseet i Ateneum = The Art Museum of the Ateneum] 15.2. - 31.3.1974 / [luettelo = katalog = catalogue Salme Sarajas-Korte, Tuula Arkio, Marjatta Levanto]
Boosting manufacturing firms' exports? : the role of trade facilitation in Africa
Overcoming the institutional obstacles of industrial recycling
Indicators of tariff and non-tariff trade barriers
Internationalisation of Czech micro and small enterprises : empirical evidence from permanent marking industry sector
Three realists : Close, Estes, Raffael : Worcester Art Museum, Worcester, MA, February 27 through April 7, 1974
Advanced cross country riding : how to succeed in horse trials
Divo : great tenors,baritones and basses discuss their roles
Practical cross country : a rider's guide to hunter trials
Riding school
George Morris Clinic Ypäjä 2011. osa 2/2
Our research explored the use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations and we present the main incentives and barriers experts perceive in social media adoption by such organizations. The data were gathered via an international online questionnaire sent to crisis communication and management experts. The results indicate that crisis and emergency management organizations use social media specifically to disseminate information to citizens but also increasingly to receive it from citizens. They are motivated to use social media because of the possibility for communicating through them directly, rapidly, and widely, as well as for building responsible relationships and situational awareness. Lack of knowledge, time, and role models for implementation, as well as inflexible and old-fashioned organizational culture, were the main barriers mentioned for not utilizing social media. Based on the results, further effort should be put into promoting the dissemination of knowledge, best practices, and experiences of using social media across the various actors and organizations providing crisis response.
Responsive regulation : transcending the deregulation debate
Measuring the costs and benefits of protection : a partial equilibrium approach
On self- and cross-incompatibility shown by Betula verrucosa Ehrh. and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Trade barriers in export of Finnish goods to Russian Federation
Expert views on current and future use of social media among crisis and emergency management organizations : Incentives and barriers
101 jumping exercises for horse & rider
Unexpected events in contracts
Finnish-German trade relations
Parkour and Freerunning : discover your possibilities
The integration of the European Community and third states in Europe : a legal analysis
Miss Jump the jockey
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurship
The Usborne little book of horses and ponies
Photo-realism : paintings, sculpture and prints from the Luewig Collection and others : Serpintine Gallery, [London], 4 April-6 May 1973 / The Arts council
Imperfect transmission of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneurahip
Technical barriers to trade
The great escape : health, wealth, and the origins of inequality
English abstract.
Walking, physical activity and life-space mobility among older people
Strategies to enhance drug delivery to the brain : biological studies with large amino acid transporter 1 (LAT1) in prodrug design
Love is love
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Volume 25 : includes cumulative indexes
An investigation into factors that keep nascent entrepreneurs from the start-up of an own venture
The ABC of breaking and schooling horses
Immigrants Establishing Business in Porvoo  : Obstacles and Opportunities
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
The Villa d'Este at Tivoli
Low carbon actions in households : assessing the behavior of households in a suburb in Helsinki
Entrepreneurship prospects in Finland are high as the Finnish economic policy foster entrepreneurship possibilities. The aim of this research is to enlighten prospective immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo on the problems encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs. The study is also geared to reveal the opportunities available in Porvoo and the approaches immigrant entrepreneurs could use to enhance better business operations.A qualitative research method was adopted to acquire detailed information and a semi-structured interview approach was used to keep the conversation towards the research aims. The survey was carried out between July and September 2010. A total of seven immigrant entrepreneurs, one business advisor and six international business students of the Porvoo Unit of HAAGA HELIA UAS were interviewed. Other information for the research was obtained from websites of the appropriate authorities, articles, previous researches, books, and printed documents. The theoretical framework is structured to create better comprehension of the research topic. The findings of the research reveal that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo have prior experience and they have lived and have been operating their business in Finland for several years. The study also revealed that they encounter problems like high competition, noticeable traces of discrimination, difficulty at the early stage of their businesses, unfavorable business location, and incompetent employees. Businesses such as services for the ageing population, tourist services, import and supply of gift items, hair salons and spa are revealed as other possibilities for immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo. Furthermore, support possibilities that could enhance business success among immigrant are noted as opportunities that most immigrant entrepreneurs in Porvoo fail to utilize. Finally, recommendations are made based on the research findings and the knowledge acquired from the theory part of the research and suggestions are given for further research.
How to Internatinalize your Business : Guidebook for German Companies
The theory of protection
The barriers encountered by immigrant entrepreneurs in the city of Turku
Ozi ́s Bed and Breakfast : a case of translation
The law and economics of contingent protection in the WTO
Development of a framework to study communication barriers in the Distributed Agile Development environment
Ride with your mind : masterclass : an illustrated guide to right brain riding
What are the biggest cultural factor-related challenges for Finnish SMEs while doing business with the Chinese?  : case: real voice from three businessmen
Competing for integration : Japan, Europe, Latin America and their stategic partners
From learning processes to cognitive processes : essays in honor of William K. Estes. Vol. 2
XXXVI International Biennal Exhibition of Art, Venice ; june 11 - october 1, 1972 / National Collection of Fine Arts, Smithsonian Institution,  Washington, D.C.
Freerunning : find your way
Barriers to eCommerce of online travel agencies in Finland
The complete equestrian
The Wedding Girl
Issues in the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership : A critical discourse analysis
Among the many states of late medieval Italy, one stands out for its unfamiliarity to an English audience and for its neglect in historical research: that of the Este family, lords (later Dukes) of the cities of Ferrara, Modena and Reggio in northern Italy. This book is the first modern attempt to provide a detailed analysis of the political structure of this state based on archive sources. Much of the book is concerned with the ways by which the Este used their vast landed resources in and around Ferrara to build up and reinforce their personal political authority both within and outside their dominions. Among the major themes examined are the continuing presence of political feudalism in the relations between the Este and their supporters, the place of the court in Ferrarese noble society, and the violent imposition of Este authority over the powerful nobles of the Apennine hills.
Riding a horse : practical handbook
The impact of further tariff reduction on the EU sugar sector in the forthcoming multilateral round
The image in American painting & sculpture 1950 - 1980 : Akron Art Museum, Akron, September 12 - November 8, 1981
Trees and shrubs for noise abatement
Identifying and Managing the Market Barriers to Renewable Energy in Kenya
The pathology of public policy
The island
Barriers to and facilitators of the evidence based practice in nursing homes
Richard Estes : the complete paintings 1966-1985
Community renewable energy in the northern periphery : an argument for policy change
Parkour : the art of freerunning
The international trading system
Cognitive strategy instruction that really improves children's academic performance
The big leap : conquer your hidden fear and take life to the next level
From An  Idea to A Start-up: Barriers and Solutions for Undergraduates as Potential Entrepreneurs in Vaasa
Obstacles to the employment of young adult immigrants in the Helsinki capital region
Trade policy in a changing world economy
The ultimate parkour & freerunning book : discover your possibilities
George Morris Clinic Ypäjä 2011. osa 1/2
Land and Power in Late Medieval Ferrara : The Rule of the Este, 1350-1450
Imperfect transmissions of tacit knowledge and other barriers to entrepreneusrship
Biology and regulation of blood-tissue barriers
A statistical expert system for preliminary time series analysis
Public regulation : new perspectives on institutions and policies
Isabella d'Este and Lorenzo da Pavia : documents for the history of art and culture in Renaissance Mantua
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Force majeure and frustration of contract
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
What is this thing called theory of constraints and how should it be implemented?
