http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17232 student unions (universities)
student unions (universities)
Amicable choral sparring partners
The best years of your life
Recent work on education, identity and community has expanded the intellectual boundaries of learning research. From home-based studies examining youth experiences with technology, to forms of entrepreneurial learning in informal settings, to communities of participation in the workplace, family, community, trade union and school, research has attempted to describe and theorize the meaning and nature of learning. Identity, Community, and Learning Lives in the Digital Age offers a systematic reflection on these studies, exploring how learning can be characterized across a range of 'whole-life' experiences. The volume brings together hitherto discrete and competing scholarly traditions: sociocultural analyses of learning, ethnographic literacy research, geo-spatial location studies, discourse analysis, comparative anthropological studies of education research and actor network theory. The contributions are united through a focus on the ways in which learning shapes lives in a digital age.
National Lampoon's Animal house
Student Union HELGA is a statutory part of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and among its other duties it implements tutoring activity. The meaning of tutoring is to help new students adapt into a new studying environment, familiarize into the habits and practices of HAAGA-HELIA and to create a pleasant studying community. In addition to adapting to the new studying environment, the international   degree students usually need to adapt into a new country and culture. Therefore the tutors of the international degree programmes need to strive to support this adaptation   process.   The goal of this study is to produce a tutor's guide for the HELGA international degree student tutors. The guide is a useful tool in daily tutoring activity and helps the   tutors support the adaptation process of the new international degree students.   The HAAGA-HELIA and HELGA organization structure, environment and special features and needs are familiarized in the study from the perspective of tutoring. To support the creation process of the tutor's guide the study handles the most important elements in theory, including benchmarking as a process of creating a written product, elements of adaptation to a new culture and some grouping theories, and different kinds of methods for improving the readability of a guidebook.   For creating and implementing a tutor's guide the most important elements turned out to be benchmarking, the structure of the annual calendar, adaptation and grouping   methods and different means of improving readability. The study benchmarks other tutor's guides used in Finnish universities of applied sciences to get the best practices   to be used in the HELGA tutor's guide. Different kinds of adaptation and grouping methods are included in the guidebook and the structure is based on the theme of easy reading.   The outcome of this thesis is the first HELGA tutor's guide. This guide serves especially the needs of the international degree student tutors. The guidebook was made into an easily modifiable format so that it can live and develop with the rapidly changing environment.
Vocabulary for the student office personnel of polytechnics : a resource/self-study material package
The process of creating and implementing tutor's guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Studen Union HELGA
Lions for lambs
Using enviroments to enable occupational performance
Puusta veistetty kiila : Yalen yliopiston soutuklubi : = The new Gilder Boathouse of Yale University, New Haven, Conneticut
Language in late modernity : interaction in an urban school
Preparing to teach in secondary schools : a student teacher's guide to professional issues in secondary education
"Learning Europe" : the emergence of the EU dimension to the work and policies of SYL as reflected through the internationalising education policies 1986-1999
English summary: Testing the consensus Finland. Student magazine Ylioppilaslehti in the Finnish public sphere of the 80s.
The process of creating and implementing a tutor’s guide for international degree student tutors of HAAGA-HELIA Student Union HELGA
Zur Geschichte der Hochschülerinnen- und Hochschülerschaft an der TU Wien = On the history of the Student Union of the TU Wien
Guide for foreign students
Princess in training
The Student union of the University of Helsinki
Young people's influence and democratic education : ethnographic studies in upper secondary schools
Abstract.
Extralearning : new opportunities for the out of school hours
A practical guide to middle and secondary social studies
Identity, community, and learning lives in the digital age
An evaluation report on the LUMA programme prepared for the Ministry of Education
Class and schools : using social, economic, and educational reform to close the Black-white achievement gap
The University of Turku takes care of its international guests
Educating the net generation : how to engage students in the 21st century
Living in Finland : a practical guide for international students and trainees
What to do with all your energy
Knowledge creation as the production of individual autonomy : how news influences subjective reality
