http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17257 space traffic
space traffic
Communities in cyberspace
Counterterrorism and cybersecurity : total information awareness
Space directory of Finland
Beyond our control? : confronting the limits of our legal system in the age of cyberspace
The First Empire Has Returned. The New Galactic Union Hangs In The Balance...The Lightship Impulse is gone, sacrificed while defeating First Empire ships the fragile new galactic alliance hoped it would never see again. For Peter Cochrane, serving as third officer on the Starbound and tasked with investigating a mysterious space station in a newly re-discovered system, the wounds of battle may have healed, but the battle is far from over.
Proceedings of the French Scientific Week : Helsinki, Finland, November 6-12, 1989 : artificial intelligence, satellite telecommunications, space research, oenology
Let's embrace space : space research achievements under the 7th framework programme
Managing trust in cyberspace
Life on the screen : identity in the age of the Internet
Space Applications Institute SAI : annual report 1999
Food in the air and space : the surprising history of food and drink in the skies
24/7 : how cell phones and the Internet change the way we live, work, and play
The law and regulation of international space communication
Alone in a spartan black cockpit, test pilot Mike Melvill rocketed towards space. He had eighty seconds to exceed the speed of sound and begin the climb to a target no civilian pilot had ever reached. He might not make it back alive. If he did, he would make history as the world's first commercial astronaut. The spectacle defied reason, the result of a competition dreamed up by entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, whose vision for a new race to space required small teams to do what only the world's largest governments had done before...From the age of eight, when he watched Apollo 11 land on the Moon, Diamandis's singular goal was to get to space. When he realized NASA was winding down manned space flight, he set out on one of the great entrepreneurial adventure stories of our time. If the government wouldn't send him to space, he would create a private space flight industry himself. In the 1990s, this idea was the stuff of science fiction. Undaunted, Diamandis found inspiration in the golden age of aviation. He discovered that Charles Lindbergh made his transatlantic flight to win a 25,000 dollar prize. The flight made Lindbergh the most famous man on earth and galvanized the airline industry. Why, Diamandis thought, couldn't the same be done for space flight? The story of the bullet-shaped SpaceShipOne, and the other teams in the hunt for a 10 million dollar prize, is an extraordinary tale of making the impossible possible. In the end, as Diamandis dreamed, the result wasn't just a victory for one team; it was the foundation for a new industry.
The international dimensions of cyberspace law
Technology`s promise : Expert knowledge on the transformation of business and society
The challenger launch decision : risky technology, culture and deviance at NASA
The Hamlyn colour encyclopedia of transport
Democracy in the digital age : challenges to political life in cyberspace
Cyberspace and cybersecurity
Planes and rockets and things that fly
This encyclopedia of virtual communities and technologies provides a much needed integrated overview of all the critical concepts, technologies and issues in the area of virtual communities.
The ultimate book of cross-sections
Trends and issues in global tourism 2007 : with 40 figures and 40 tables
The digital sublime : myth, power, and cyberspace
A battle in bits and bytes : computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
Cyber weapon target analysis
The cybercities reader
The ultimate book of science : everything you need to know
Children's transport encyclopedia : a comprehensive look at the world of transport with hundreds of superb illustrations
Encyclopedia of Virtual Communities and Technologies
Law and space telecommunications
Managing in aerospace : inquiries into executive work practice
Democracy in the Digital Age is a fascinating philosophical exploration of how the emerging information and communication technologies are impacting political participation in the United States. Rather than being the antidote to democratic ills, the political conversations occurring online are neither inclusive nor deliberative, suggesting that new technologies, as currently designed and used, are as much threats to progress as they are vehicles of progress. Wilhelm finds that there is often an appearance of progress, but negligible advancement of the human condition. He discusses the four features of digitally-mediated political life (resources, inclusiveness, deliberation, and design) and demonstrates the need for a strong public policy.
Space satellite handbook
Technolife 2035 : how will technology change our future?
The Robot in the garden : telerobotics and telepistemology in the age of the Internet
Communications through virtual technologies : identity, community, and technology in the communication age
International regulation of satellite communication
In the history of cooking, there has been no more challenging environment than those craft in which humans took to the skies. The tale begins with meals aboard balloons and zeppelins, where cooking was accomplished below explosive bags of hydrogen, ending with space station dinners that were cooked thousands of miles below. This book is the first to chart that history worldwide, exploring the intricacies of inflight dining from 1783 to the present day, aboard balloons, zeppelins, land-based aircraft and flying boats, jets, and spacecraft. It charts the ways in which commercial travelers were lured to try flying with the promise of familiar foods, explains the problems of each aerial environment and how chefs, engineers, and flight crew adapted to them, and tells the stories of pioneers in the field. Hygiene and sanitation were often difficult, and cultural norms and religious practices had to be taken into account. The history is surprising and sometimes humorous--at times some ridiculous ideas were tried, and airlines offered some strange meals to try to attract passengers. It's an engrossing story with quite a few twists and turns, and this first book on the subject tells it with a light touch.
Sähköteknillinen sanasto : avaruusradioviestintä = Electrotechnical vocabulary : space radiocommunications
The governance of cyberspace : politics, technology and global restructuring
ESA annual report
Spacecraft systems engineering
Satellite communication systems engineering
Ask me anything
Virtual geographies : bodies, space and relations
Shaping the network society : the new role of civil society in cyberspace
The ethics of cyberspace
Man-made catastrophes : from the burning of Rome to the Lockerbie crash
High technology in Finland 1995
De motu veli solaris in vicinitate solis = Solar sail motion in near-Sun regions : controlled spaceflight dynamics
Richard Scarry's planes and rockets and things that fly
Meatspace
Air and space travel
Satellite communications systems : systems, techniques and technology
My first book of transport
Cybersecurity and cyberwar : what everyone needs to know
Principles of outer space law in hindsight
Building virtual communities : learning and change in cyberspace
Reach for the skies : ballooning, birdmen & blasting into space
Me++ : the cyborg self and the networked city
What went wrong : investigating the worst man-made and natural disasters
Cybersociety 2.0 : revisiting computer-mediated communication and community
Surviving cyberwar
How to make a spaceship : a band of renegades, an epic race and the birth of private space flight
Starbound
The Internet galaxy : reflections on the Internet, business and society
