http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1726 faith
faith
The vanir : an obituary
Controversies in political theology : development or liberation?
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
The round house
You are the placebo : making your mind matter
Roman faith and Christian faith : pistis and fides in the early Roman Empire and early churches
Paranormal, superstitious, magical, and religious beliefs
Love wins : a book about heaven, hell, and the fate of every perrson who ever lived
A philosophical approach to religion
My way : a Muslim woman's journey
Change in view : principles of reasoning
Reason and religious faith
What is existential anthropology?
A companion to philosophy of religion
Don't give up, don't give in : lessons from an extraordinary man
Lambeth essays on faith : essays written for the Lambeth Conference 1968
Faith in Jesus and Paul : a comparison with special reference to 'Faith that can remove montains' and 'your faith has healed/saved you'
A Parody of the Church Service in Seventeenth-Century Finland. Reconstructing Popular Religion on the Basis of Court Records
Conviction
An introduction to the Baha'i faith
Small gods : a Discworld novel
How to be an agnostic
Dynamics of faith
Ontological arguments and belief in God
Proper confidence : faith, doubt and certainty in Christian discipleship
The book of strange new things
The Institution of the Counsellors : a document prepared by the Universal House of Justice
The eyes of faith : transformations in the theology of faith
Mythic discourses : studies in Uralic traditions
A tour of bones : facing fear and looking for life
Eminent Bahá'ís in the time of Bahá'u'lláh with some historical background
The good people
Faith and belief : a philosophical approach
Psychoanalysis and faith : the letters of Sigmund Freud & Oskar Pfister
Bibliography of English-language works on the Bábí and Bahá'í faiths 1844-1985
Coping strategies
The translation of the bones
Wise blood : [a novel]
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
The vow : the true events that inspired the movie
Religion in the contemporary world : a sociological introduction
Winning the face-off of life
Between heaven & hell : a dialog somewhere beyond death with John F. Kennedy, C.S. Lewis & Aldous Huxley
Choosing a faith
True fiction: philosophy and psychology of religious belief
Believing in God : a philosophical essay
The Baha'i faith has some five million adherents around the world. It preaches the oneness of God, the unity of all faiths, universal education and the harmony of all people, but has no priesthood and few formal rituals. In this book Peter Smith traces the development of the Baha'i faith from its roots in the Babi movement of mid-nineteenth century Iran to its contemporary emergence as an expanding worldwide religion. * Explores the textual sources for Baha'i belief and practice, theology and anthropology and understanding of other religions. * Covers the concept of the spiritual path, Baha'i law and administration and aspects of community life. * Examines the Baha'i's social teachings and activities in the wider world. This introduction will be of particular interest to students of new religious movements, Middle East religions, and comparative religion and for those studying short courses on the Baha'i faith.
Belief : the Gifford lectures delivered at the university of Aberdeen in 1960
The vocation of man
The God delusion
An atheist's history of belief : understanding our most extraordinary invention
God's problem : how the Bible fails to answer our most important question - why we suffer
Science for sane societies
The great wheel
Faith and Creeds
Polish and Lithuanian anti-trinitarian eucharistic practice in the 16th and 17th centuries
Spook : science tackles the afterlife
Booked : literature in the soul of me
Rational belief : structure, grounds, and intellectual virtue
Bahá'u'lláh and the new era
Religion, interpretation, and diversity of belief : the framework model from Kant to Durkheim to Davidson
Warrant : the current debate
The spiritual dimension of ageing
Captivating : unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Faith like potatoes : the story of a farmer who risked everything for God
How your mind can heal your body
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
Not even a hint
Left to tell : one woman's story of surviving the Rwandan genocide
Balthasar Hubmaier's understanding of faith
Only the river runs free : a novel
God, faith, and health : exploring the spirituality-healing connection
Faith, freedom and the future
Seeking Allah, finding Jesus : a devout Muslim encounters Christianity
The justification of religious belief
Science and religion = Wissenschaft und Religion : proceedings of the symposium of the XVIIIth International Congress of History of Science at Hamburg-Munich, 1.-9. August 1989
Faith & reason : searching for a rational faith
Kuningamäng ['King Game'] : an echo of a prehistoric ritual of power in Estonia
Death in holy orders
Searching for authentic living through native faith : the Maausk movement in Estonia
Luther on faith and love : Christ and the law in the _535 Ga_atians commentary
The Polkinghorne reader : science, faith and the search for meaning
Mohammedanism : an historical survey
The story of God
Bahaism : an offspring of imperialism and enemies of Islam
Faith with reason
A year of miracles : daily devotions and reflections
The problem with God : why atheists, true believers, and even agnostics must all be wrong
Culture counts : faith and feeling in a world besieged
One thousand gifts : a dare to live fully right where you are
Three to see the king
The first phone call from heaven
Bahai : the spirit of the age
Six impossible things before breakfast : the evolutionary origins of belief
When We're Up Against It : Real Life Examples
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles related to the practice of prayer, and includes studies from the USA, Europe, and the Middle East. The general papers include studies on coping strategies, God representations, spirituality versus religion, self-control in a Muslim context, and faith-based organizations in Cambodia. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
An agnostic's apology : and other essays
The pilgrim's progress
Contested Historical and Geographical Narratives: Succession disputes, contested land ownership and religious conflicts in Northern Ghana
Being a composer in Finland
The givenness of things : essays
The notions of model, discourse, and semantic center as tools for the (re)construction of Old Norse religion
Count your blessings : the healing power of gratitude and love
Studies in literature and belief
Bahaism and its claims : a study of the relirion promulgated by Baha Ullah and Abdul Baha
Faith, development and pastoral care
A song for Issy Bradley
Warrant and proper function
The Oxford Encyclopedia of Martin Luther
Curse tablets and binding spells from the ancient world
The (de)construction of mythic ethnography I : is every þurs in verse a þurs?
The Brothers Karamazov. 1
Fully informed reasonable disagreement and tradition based perspectivalism
Soul revolution : how imperfect people become all God intended
BAHA'U'LLAH AND THE NEW ERA
Faith lies at the heart of human life, and not just in religious contexts. But just what is faith? In this book William Lad Sessions ventures a new approach to this age-old problem. Viewing it in global terms, he provides an effective and insightful set of analytical tools for deepening our understanding of the ideas of belief.
By the river Piedra I sat down and wept
Translation of the bones
Love in the time of cholera
The Orthodox Church : its faith, worship and life
Russians and religion after communism
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
The big picture : a novel
A survey of the history of the Reformation in Poland and Lithuania
Reason and reality : the relationship between science and theology
Þjálfi journey : an example of how to incorporate younger sources in the comparative study of indigenous religions of Northern Europe
Approval addiction : overcoming your need to please everyone
Will our children have faith?
Divine faith
You are called!
Religion : the basics
Knowledge and belief : An introduction to the logic of the two notions
When history and faith collide : studying Jesus
Questions of truth : fifty-one responses to questions about God, science, and belief
The Lighthouse
Unbelievable : why we believe and why we don't
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
A prayer for Owen Meany
Christian apologetics
Lazarus is dead : a biography
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy, and Human immortality
Faith as social capital : connecting or dividing?
A Religious End of Metaphysics? Heidegger, Meillassoux and the Question of Fideism
Apparently, people who are aware of the relevant facts and experiences in a belief forming situation, sometimes reasonably disagree about whether to believe and why. This study argues that such disagreements are possible, and that some purportedly fully informed reasonable disagreements are genuine, including cases involving disagreement about which beliefs about God are reasonably taken to be properly basic, given the facts of religious diversity and cases in which phenomenologically similar religious experiences properly ground a variety of religious beliefs. Drawing on the work of Alasdair MacIntyre, it also argues that Tradition-Based Perspectivalism - roughly, the view that foundational beliefs about what is reasonable to believe and why, are tradition-based and perspectival in nature, originating in and appropriately grounded only from the perspective of some tradition of inquiry or other - is true, and that its truth provides additional support for the claim that fully informed reasonable disagreement actually occurs.
The will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy ; Human immortality : two supposed objections to the doctrine
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 27
The Brothers Karamazov. 2
Making the crooked straight : a contribution to Bahá'í apologetics
In the ancient Graeco-Roman world, it was a common practice to curse an enemy or rival by writing an incantation on a tablet and dedicating it to a god or spirit. More than a thousand such texts, written between the fifth century BC and the fifth century AD, have been discovered in places ranging from North Africa to England, and from Syria to Spain. Until now, however, there has been no English translation of these tablets and indeed the texts themselves have remained virtually unknown. This volume makes these fascinating texts available for the first time. A substantial introduction supplies the full cultural, social, and historical context for the texts. The selected translations, arranged thematically, are fully annotated and accompanied by extensive commentary. Reflecting a wide range of social occasions, including lawsuits, love affairs, business competition, and horse-races, the tablets open a window into the hearts and minds of ordinary people, shedding light on a dimension of classical society in which historians today are increasingly interested.
All things made new : a comprehensive outline of the Bahá'í faith
What do you believe?
Snow bears never lie
The possibility of discussion : relativism, truth, and criticism of religious beliefs
The Bahá'í world : a biennial international record. Volume VI : 91 and 92 of the Bahá'í Era : April 1934-1936 A.D
Mere Christianity
The Bahá'í world : an international record. Vol. 25, 125, 126, 127, 128 and 129 of the Bahá'í era : 1968-1973
The inquisitor's diary
Reasoned faith : essays in philosophical theology in honor of Norman Kretzmann
Deepest differences : a Christian-Atheist dialogue
The concept of faith : a philosophical investigation
Knowledge and belief : an introduction to the logic of the two notions
The kitab-i-Iqán : the book of certitude
Mere apologetics : how to help seekers and skeptics find faith
Prayers and meditations
God has a dream : a vision of hope for our time
Evidence and religious belief
Why a network for retrospective methods?
[Abstract].
Risking faith : personal answers for weary skeptics
A philosophical anthropology of the cross : the cruciform self
Religion & science : history, method, dialogue
Epistemic authority : a theory of trust, authority, and autonomy in belief
An intelligent person's guide to atheism
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
On the loose : a novel
The foundations of belief
Restless : because you were made for more
Balthasar Hubmaier's Understanding of Faith brings together Balthasar Hubmaier's ideas on faith, since he never wrote a specific treatise on faith himself. This analysis of Hubmaier's views on faith shows that he saw two kinds of faith as necessary and operative in the whole restoration process of fallen human beings. The first kind of faith suggests an expression of belief out of pure human capacity and free will, while the second type regards faith as a gift from God, by which sinners are regenerated, made healthy, and stand justified before God. The author sorts out the complex issues Hubmaier's writing discusses, to come to the conclusion that initial belief and saving faith are made possible by a prior act of God's grace, which makes the whole process of restoration, regeneration, and reconciliation possible. Although this understanding of faith shares much with Anabaptism, it more strongly reflects medieval theological roots. However, many concepts of Hubmaier's theology appear in many later Anabaptist and Baptist groups.
Captivating : a guided journal to aid in unveiling the mystery of a woman's soul
Documents of the right word
Breaking the spell : religion as a natural phenomenon
Building bridges : some views on human spirituality
Faith works : lessons on spirituality and social action
Hermeneutics of metaphor, symbol and narrative in faith development theory
What is faith? : essays in the philosophy of religion
This precious life
Miracle for Jen : a tragic accident, a mother's desperate prayer, and heaven's extraordinary answer
Little Grey and the great mystery
