http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17275 working units
working units
Member Administration Program : Tornion KVL ry
East and South-East Asia collections in Finnish libraries : an overview of holdings and services in 1997
Food selection and preparation : a laboratory manual
Clinical supervision and well-being at work : a four-year follow-up study on female hospital nurses
Teaching for quality learning at university : what the student does
Managing cross-functional interdependencies : the contingent value of integration
Fostering learning and leadership : organizational change in Haaga Future Leaders Club
Centre of excellence policies : aims and practices in 17 countries
Developing co-operation of business units : exploring synergies and a joint business model
Haaga Future Leaders Club is an optional addition to student's curriculum in Haaga. Its fundamental purpose is to facilitate the learning of its members. HFLC's main activities are project assignments from the industry, representation in competitions and events as well as supportive functions such as coaching and mentoring. Haaga Future Leaders Club was formed in December 2009 and the first meeting was held on January 15, 2010. First year of operations revealed challenges which were interpreted as deriving from the lack of organizational structures which resulted in poor organizational culture and perceived lowered motivation of the members. Despite the challenges, the pilot was seen successful and interpreted as being in need for further studying. The primary object of the thesis is to organize a workshop to collect material for a Member's guide leaflet. The Member's guide to be used as a facilitator for Haaga Future Leaders Club's operations and to clarify its identity and start building the self-directed organizational structure. The thesis is project-oriented with two interdependent products: 1) Workshop, where the material for the Member's guide is created, and the 2) Member's guide itself. The workshop stands as a starting point for the change process in Haaga Future Leaders Club, which is expected to lead to imcreased self-direction and subsequently to continuity and the development of the group. The theoretic background is based on a combination of learning and leadership. Two main theories are transformative learning and transformational leadership. The thesis was completed during the spring 2011. The goal of the thesis was reached as the workshop provided material for Haaga Future Leaders Club - Member's guide and started the change process. The outcome of the change process is to be evaluated in future. Did the thesis influence the organizational culture and practices of Haaga Future Leaders Club?
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2008 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2008.. 2008 : 103. vuosikerta = årgång 103 = volume 103
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
Developing a business information system : case: Work practice placement management tool for Oulu Vocational College, Department of Social and Health Care, Kontinkangas Unit
Currents of change : the future of polar information : the 22nd Polar Libraries Colloquy, June 2-6, 2008, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada : proceedings
Abstract.
Acting locally for employment : findings of the preparatory measures for a local commitment to employment : 2001
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Motor unit activation and spinal excitability in young and elderly males during isometric and dynamic muscle actions
Change management in information services
Establishing an information center : a practical guide
Suupirssi : expertise on the move
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2006 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2006
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
