http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17281 video games
video games
The legend of Spyro : dawn of the dragon : PlayStation 2.
SpongeBob SquarePants : Lights, Camera, PANTS!
The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion 5th Anniversary Edition PS3
Exploring business models for medical games : key components and challenges
The field of Games is rapidly expanding, prompting institutions throughout the world to create game development programs and courses focusing on educational games. As a result, games have also become a hot topic in the area of educational technology research. This increased interest is due to the technological advancement of digital games and the fact that a new, digital generation is emerging with a strong gaming background. Games: Purpose and Potential in Education focuses on the issues of incorporating games into education and instructional design. Ideas of identity development, gender diversity, motivation, and integrating instructional design within game development are addressed since each of these areas is important in the field of instructional design and can have a significant impact on learning. This volume brings together leading experts, researchers, and instructors in the field of gaming and explores current topics in gaming and simulations, available resources, and the future of the field.
Abstract.
Minecraft construction for dummies
For the win : how game thinking can revolutionize your business
Dynasty Warriors 8 : Xtreme Legends : Complete Edition PSVita
Lego star wars II : the original trilogy : PlayStation 2.
Digital exhaustion in relation to video games : the consumer perspective
With a summary in Swedish.
Scooby-Doo! : first frights : PlayStation 2.
Creating experiences in the experience economy
Astérix : these Romans are crazy! : Nintendo DS
Animation of a High-Definition 2d Fighting Game Character
From Scapegoat to Working Mule : Views on the Beneficial Aspects of Video Games in Everyday Life, Education and Business
e-parenting : Keeping up with your tech-savvy kids
Super Scribblenauts : create anything : solve everything : Nintendo DS
Atomic swarm
Guilty Gear XX: Core Plus : PSP
The legend of Zelda : the wind waker : HD : [official game guide]
Unofficial Minecraft lab for kids : family-friendly projects for exploring and teaching math, science, history, and culture through creative building
Last flight
PopCap hits : Xbox 360, Xbox live. Vol. 2.
Summer challenge : athletics tournament : Xbox 360.
Dragon Age II: PS3
Animal Crossing: New leaf: Welcome amiibo
ModNation Racers
Quality assurance testing on video games : The importance and impact of a misunderstood industry
Diablo III : book Of Tyrael
Call of duty : ghosts
Writing for video game genres : from FPS to RPG
Worms 4 : mayhem : PC DVD-ROM
Immersion revisited : a review of existing definitions of immersion and their relation to different theories of presence
Megaman Starforce 2: Zerker Saurian : Nintendo 3DS
Lego Batman : the videogame : PlayStation 3.
Greedy Snake Video Game Based on Nios II System
Introduction to game analysis
Children's learning in a digital world
The ultimate unofficial encyclopedia for Minecrafters : an A-Z book of tips and tricks
"Game analysis allows us to understand games better, providing insight into the player-game relationship, the construction of the game, and its sociocultural relevance. As the field of game studies grows, videogame writing is evolving from the mere evaluation of gameplay, graphics, sound, and replayablity, to more reflective writing that manages to convey the complexity of a game and the way it is played in a cultural context. Introduction to Game Analysis serves as an accessible guide to analyzing games using strategies borrowed from textual analysis. Clara Fernández-Vara's concise primer provides instruction on the basic building blocks of game analysis--examination of context, content and reception, and formal qualities--as well as the vocabulary necessary for talking about videogames' distinguishing characteristics. Examples are drawn from a range of games, both digital and non-digital--from Bioshock and World of Warcraft to Monopoly--and the book provides a variety of exercises and sample analyses, as well as a comprehensive ludography and glossary"--
Press start to play
The sky : the art of Final fantasy VII-X. 1997-2001
The ultimate video game quiz book
Skylanders universe : chronicles
Gaming live! : your guide to video game livestreaming
Bungee jumping simulator : wild jumps, stunning locations
inFamous First Light : PS4
Video games : design and code your own adventure
The masked empire
Game-based teaching and simulation in nursing and healthcare
Gender divide and the computer game industry
The rough guide to videogames
Star wars : the clone wars : republic heroes
The 100 greatest console video games 1977-1987
The book of games : Volume 1. Volume 1.
In which year was the Atari Lynx released? To which character are Pikmin sidekicks? Who was on the cover of Fifa 95? And is Mario Teaches Typing a real game? This fantastic quiz book contains six hundred questions (and answers!) to test your knowledge, from basics a total noob would know all the way through to trivia that would challenge Satoru Iwata himself. With sections including bestsellers, genres, anagrams, henchmen, collectables, accessories and many more, this is an excellent addition to any gamer’s bookshelf.
The Tetris effect : the cold war battle for the world's most addictive game
Adventures of Lolo : NES
Lego Harry Potter : years 1-4 : PlayStation 3.
The term immersion continues to be applied inconsistently within and across different fields of research connected with the study of virtual reality and interactive media. Moreover, immersion is oftentimes used interchangeably with the terms presence and engagement. This article details a review of existing definitions of immersion originating within the study of video games, virtual environments, and literary works of fiction. Based on this review, a three-dimensional taxonomy of the various conceptualizations of immersion is proposed. That is, the existing definitions of immersion may be broadly divided into three categories, each representing a dimension of the taxonomy: immersion as a property of a system, a subjective response to narrative contents, or a subjective response to challenges within the virtual environment. Finally, four distinct theories of presence are introduced and, based on the established taxonomy, we discuss how the individual theories relate to existing definitions of immersion.
Minecraft : Playstation®Vita edition : (PSVita)
Animated low poly characters
Playing horror : narrative and genre in Valve's Left 4 Dead Series
The goal of this thesis was to develop a prototype of a need-based artificial intelligence (AI) for a computer game. The thesis wasn't commissioned by a third party, but was done out of my own interest and to improve my know-how. The AI was developed for Spaceship Captain, a game I have been working on for some time. Spaceship Captain is a story focused, 2D-life simulation/role-playing game for PC. The game’s central feature is random generated non-playable characters and their social AI, highly reminiscent of the AI seen in The Sims. As the complete AI was going to be too complex subject for a thesis, I instead decided to only cover the need-based functionality. The prototype was developed with Unity and Microsoft Visual Studio. The most important methods for developing the prototype were finite state machines, fuzzy logic, navigation meshes and smart objects. The AI of The Sims was used as a jumping-off as it's also need-based. Instead of taking the needs that The Sims uses though, Maslow's hierarchy of needs was used a base instead and later modified further. The AI prototype was successfully developed, though not as expansively as first envisioned. Only a handful of the designed needs made their way into the prototype, but this ultimately wasn't a real issue, as implementing all of the needs as designed, they would've needed additional systems to accompany them. The core of the need-based functionality was however developed as planned. During the writing of this thesis, a handful of points of improvement were discovered with the prototype, but as again they weren't something to be dealt with within the scope of the thesis, they were left for future development.
Modern Videogame Technology: Trends and Innovation
Guinness world records. 2009 : gamer's edition
Yogi bear : the video game : Wii
"The number of publications dealing with video game studies has exploded over the course of the last decade, but the field has not yet produced a comprehensive reference work. The Routledge Companion to Video Game Studies, by well-known video game scholars Mark Wolf and Bernard Perron, aims to address the on-going theoretical and methodological development of game studies, providing students, scholars, and game designers with a definitive look at contemporary video game studies. Features include: -comprehensive and interdisciplinary models and approaches for analyzing video games; -new perspectives on video games both as art form and cultural phenomenon; -explorations of technical and creative dimensions of video games; -accounts of the economical, political, social, and cultural dynamics of video games"--
Games : purpose and potential in education / Christopher Thomas Miller, editor
Video games as new tools for political persuasion : web games of the Estonian Centre Party
The Improvements for Indie Game Development
Pokemon Go : the ultimate guide
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
In real life
The sky : the art of Final fantasy I-III. 1987-1990
Damnation
Epic Mickey 2 : the power of two : Xbox 360
Disney infinity : infinite possibilities, endless fun: PS3
Wipeout pure: PSP
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon is a comprehensive review of everything to know and love about Pokémon with character profiles, anime and movie reviews, tips for building your team in the video games, collectors information about the Pokémon Trading Card Game, Pokémon puzzle pages, and more! Featuring all six generations of Pokémon, this is the ultimate guide for Pokémon fans of all ages.
The History of Nintendo, volume 1, 1889-1980 : From playing cards to Game & Watch
Agent Hugo : lemoon twist : PlayStation 2.
New carnival funfair games : Nintendo DS
Yogscast : the diggy diggy book
Market Analysis on Virtual Reality Games in Finland : Case Vivendi
Arthur and revenge of Maltazard : PlayStation 3.
Ratchet & Clank: Collection (PS3)
Shaun White snowboarding : PlayStation 2.
Bakugan : defenders of the core : Xbox 360.
Call of duty : modern warfare 2 : PlayStation 3.
The entertainment chapter
The Incredibles : rise of the underminder : PC/MAC CD-ROM
Terraria : exploration and adventure handbook
Need-based artificial intelligence for a computer game : case Spaceship Captain -prototype
Researching potential customers for the video game as a service in the European market
Battle for the Nether
Metal gear solid : guns of the patriots
Game mods : design, theory and criticism
Minecraft redstone for dummies
Rare replay : : 30 hit games, one epic collection
Business model of gaming platforms : redefining Atari business model
Mind at play : the psychology of video games
Ice age 2 : the meltdown : PlayStation 2.
Millennial monsters : Japanese toys and the global imagination
Star wars : empire at war
Motion interactive games for children with motor disorders : motivation, physical activity, and motor control
Pojo's Unofficial Ultimate Pokémon : from your first cards to the latest games and everything in between!
Star Wars : the Force unleashed
Vacation isle - beach party : Wii
Destiny : Vanguard armoury edition : PS4
Game on! : from Pong to Oblivion : the 50 greatest video games of all time
Terrible old games you've probably never heard of
Female Characters in Video Games : Representation and Character Types
Star wars : Battlefront : twilight company
The calling
Capcom 30th anniversary character encyclopedia : featuring 200+ characters from Capcom games
Yli aidan : PlayStation 2.
You
The art and making of Star Wars : the force unleashed
Wall-E : PC DVD
'Gaming Live!' provides a complete guide to live streaming and gaming. It features exclusive interviews directly from the biggest YouTube and Twitch stars in the world. It's an essential guide for anyone and everyone who wants to get involved with the incredible world of live streaming!
Grand theft auto V
Fifteen-year-old math prodigy Seth Gordon hopes to compete professionally playing Starfare, the world's most popular computer game, but when he gets the chance to move to Korea and train full-time, he may not be ready for the culture shock and leaving his possible girlfriend, Hannah
The Routledge companion to video game studies
Trouble In Zombie-Town
Disney Infinity : Prima official game guide
Trucks & trailers : PC CD-ROM
Tanker truck simulator 2011 : deliver to households and gas stations : PC CD-ROM
Destiny : [official strategy guide]
Market Development of Video Games : Video game markets and marketing
Videogames and art
Producer in a Game Project : A Game Producer’s Workflow Case: Under
The stolen throne
Dogz : Playstation 2.
Motorcycle Club : PS4
Japanese video game localisation : a case study of Sony's Sairen series
Space chimps : PlayStation 2.
Skylanders universe : Life & undead. Book of elements
Resistance : retribution PSP
Very important game people in the history of computer and video games
Extending experiences : structure, analysis and design of computer game player experience
Write your way into animation and games : create a writing career in animation and games
1000 incredible costume & cosplay ideas : a showcase o creative characters from Anime, Manga, video games, movies, comics, and more!
Dragon age : the stolen throne
Star Wars : PC CD-ROM
Steam Greenlight for first-time developers : explaining Steam Greenlight from a game developer's perspective
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
The meaning of video games : gaming and textual strategies
DarkStar one : Broken alliance : Xbox 360.
Star Wars : battlefront II
The next level of research on electronic play : potential benefits and contextual influences for children and adolescents
Invasion of the Overworld
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Playing with videogames
Epic Mickey : Wii
Anarchy Reigns: limited edition : PS3
The psychology of music in multimedia
Phoenix : the fall & rise of home videogames
Videogames : in the beginning
All your base are belong to us : how fifty years of videogames conquered pop culture
Bakugan : defenders of the core : PlayStation 3.
Lego Indiana Jones : the original adventures : Xbox 360.
Ratatouille : (rat a too ee) : PC CD
The effect of musical tempo on video game performance
Minecraft : essential handbook
After two hundred years of exile, King Maric has allowed the legendary Grey Wardens to finally return to Ferelden. When they come home, however, they bring dire news: one of their own has escaped into the Deep Roads and aligned himself with their ancient enemy, the monstrous darkspawn.  The Grey Wardens need Maric's help, and he reluctantly agrees to lead them into the passages he traveled through many years before, chasing after a deadly secret that will threaten to destroy not only the Grey Wardens but also the kingdom above.
Indie games : the complete introduction to indie gaming
Rabbids alive & kicking : Xbox 360, Kinect
Fallout
Happy feet two : Nintendo 3DS
Human computer interaction in game design
Crash : mind over mutant : Xbox 360.
The sky : the art of Final fantasy IV-VI. 1991-1994
The unofficial Bible for minecrafters : stories from the Bible told block by block
Motion explosion! : Xbox 360, Kinect
The Sims 3 : Pets
Disney princess : enchanting storybooks : Wii
