http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17247 no-dig gardening
no-dig gardening
International symposium on protected cultivation of ornamentals in mild winter climates, Tenerife (Canary Islands), Spain, 18-21 October, 1988
Effect of mulching and fertilization on the quality of strawberries
The yield and cultivation reliability of herbal willow
The need for peat soil conservation
Effects of mulching and wounding on leaf phenolics, biomass and chlorophyll content in field-cultivated Salix myrsinifolia
Proceedings of the Sixth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climate: Product and Process Innovation : Ragusa-Sicilia, Italy, March 5-8, 2002
The green roof manual : a professional guide to design, installation, and maintenance
Mulching has become an important practice in modern field production. This article reviews the published research on paper mulches and discusses the opportunity that they offer for solving the problems of the immense use of plastics in agriculture and the associated environmental threat. Paper mulches break down naturally after usage and incorporate into the soil. Laying paper mulches in large scale farming is a problem to be solved. The quality of the paper needs to be adapted or improved for mulching purposes, and its price needs to be more competitive with that of plastic mulches. The review shows that there is considerable potential for using paper mulches in agriculture and horticulture.
Green roof plants : a resource and planting guide
Technique of green mulch spreading = Viherkatteen levitystekniikka
Feasibility of paper mulches in crop production : a review
Proceedings of the Fifth International Symposium on Protected Cultivation in Mild Winter Climates: Current Trends for Sustainable Technologies : Cartagena-Almería, Spain, 7-11 March, 2000.. Volume 2
The effect of fertilizers, mulch and land contours on young sea buckthorn cultivars in organic farming
Vegetable production using plasticulture : proceedings of an American Society for Horticultural Science and American Society for Plasticulture seminar series
Systematic analysis of disease pathways in congenital, infantile and juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinoses
Abstract: A greenhouse for northern latitude.
International symposium on models for plant growth, environmental control and farm management in protected cultivation, Hannover, FRG, August 28 - September 2, 1988
Paper and composites from agro-based resources
7th International Symposium on Timing Field Production of Vegetables : Skierniewice, Poland, August 23-27, 1993
The effects of three mulching systems on total yield, average yield per plant, average fruit weight, soluble solids content (SSC), titratable acidity (TA), firmness and oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) of two newly developed lines ("Orléans" and "Saint Pierre"), one advanced selection ("SJ8976-1") and two commonly used cultivars ("Jewel" and "Kent") were evaluated. The studied mulching systems were: plastic mulch (PM), mulch with row cover (PMRC), and matted-row system (MRS). Results showed that plastic mulch with row cover (PMRC) generally increased yield per plant, average fruit weight, SSC, firmness and ORAC, but differences varied within harvest times. No significant differences in total yield and TA were observed under the selected mulching systems. Both PMRC and PM accelerated the harvest periods compared to MRS. "Kent" and "Jewel" had the highest total yield while "SJ8976-1" and "St-Pierre" had the highest average fruit weight. The highest SSC, TA and ORAC were found in "Jewel". There was no interaction between the mulching systems and genotypes, indicating that the effect of production system is independent of cultivars. PMRC seems to be a better growing system, improving fruit quality and increasing the nutritional value of all genotypes. By allowing off-season fruit production in cool climates, PMRC can be an alternative method to the costly high tunnels.
Effect of mulching systems on fruit quality and phytochemical composition of newly developed strawberry lines
