http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17285 halls (buildings)
halls (buildings)
Biomarkers for exposure and for the effects of contamination with polyhalogenated aromatic hydrocarbons in Baltic ringed and grey seals
Outi Heiskanen : Helsingin juhlaviikot = Helsingfors festspel = Helsinki Festival : vuoden taiteilija = årets konstnär = artist of the year : 14.8.-14.9.1986 : Helsingin taidehalli = Helsingfors konsthall = Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Wood takes centre stage (a star is born)
Environmental profile of the swimming pool customers : the customer survey results
Reflecting on the well of loneliness
Big shed
Remembering poets : reminiscences and opinions : Dylan Thomas, Robert Frost, T. S. Eliot, Ezra Pound
The quantum Hall effect
Culture, politics, race and diaspora : the thought of Stuart Hall
The tenant of Wildfell Hall
Concert Hall : Concert Hall Society and Concert Hall Record Club : discography
The quantum Hall effects : integral and fractional
Joseph Hall : a study in satire and meditation
The self : interdisciplinary approaches
The Glory of the music hall. Volume I
Rhetoric and public speech in English republicanism 1642-1681
Interpreting the Masters. volume 1 : A Tribute to Daryl Hall and John Oates
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : 2 NDB RWY 08
Electronic invoicing : case company: Best-Hall Oy
The eyes of the navy : a biographical study of Admiral Sir Reginald Hall
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Halli  Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 08-26
The world of Carnegie Hall
Abstract. - Tiivistelmä (Abstract in Finnish).
Betsy makes a splash
New light on an old English Presbyterian and bookman : the Reverend Thomas Hall. B. D., 1610-1665
Instrument approach chart-ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : ILS RWY 26
Foreign agents in Russia : discoursive analysis on foreign agents in Russia 2012-2013
Effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the Ikuri sports hall
Weissmuller to Spitz : an era to remember : the first 21 years of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
Tracing the development of one of the most influential and respected figures within cultural studies, Helen Davis focuses on Stuart Hall's writings over a period of nearly 50 years offering students and academics a cogent and explanatory route through complex and overlapping areas of analysis.
Zodiac : the shocking true story of America's most elusive serial killer
Confinement-deconfinement transition due to spontaneous symmetry breaking in quantum Hall bilayers
The Glory of the music hall. Volume II
Shakespeare's son-in-law : John Hall, man and physician
Aerodrome obstacle chart - ICAO : type A (operating limitations). Halli Aerodrome, Finland : RWY 08-26
The monarch : a thriller
The new purchase
Master of Manhattan : the life of Richard Croker
Instrument approach chart - ICAO, Halli Aerodrome : NDB RWY 26 : ILS RWY 26
Hardwick Hall Derbyshire : a history and a guide
Quantum hall effects : field theoretical approach and related topics
Plunge into the pirate pool
Cyrus Hall McCormick
Hitler and the Beer Hall Putsch
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : VOR/DME RWY 26
"A sexual sadist, the Zodiac's pleasure was torture and murder. He taunted the authorities with mocking notes telling where he would strike next. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed 37 dead. He was never caught. This book tells the inside story of the hunt for the hooded killer, and finally reveals his possible true identity." / WorldCat.
The joy of the search for knoeledge : A Tribute to Professor Dan Tsui
Indoor air pollution and health risks in Finnish ice arenas
James Hall : literary pioneer of the Ohio Valley
Studies in medieval linguistic thought : dedicated to Geoffrey L. Bursill-Hall on the occasion of his 60th birthday on 15 May 1980
The princes of India : with a chapter on Nepal
Productive Trials: English and Finnish Legislation and Conceptualisations of Same-Sex Sexualities in Course of Trials of Oscar Wilde, Maud Allan, Raclyffe Hall and Herb Grove, from 1885 to 1957, 17-38.
Spatial ecology of the grey seal and ringed seal in the Baltic Sea : seeking solutions to the coexistence of seals and fisheries
The fractional quantum Hall effect : properties of an incompressible quantum fluid
The lords of Cobham Hall
Let freedom ring : the story of Independence Hall and its role in the founding of the United States
A dream comes true : world's largest floorball centre completed in Helsinki
Energy efficient heating and ventilation of large halls
Stuart Hall's voice : intimations of an ethics of receptive generosity
Visual approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome ; Landing chart
Portraits of women : Gwen John and her forgotten contemporaries
Urban decline in early modern Germany : Schwäbisch Hall and its region, 1650-1750
Ultraviolet light as an addition to current water treatment methods at Pori central swimming hall
The aim of this thesis was to study the effects of sound reverberation on noise levels in the gymnastics areas of the new sports hall. The sports club commissioned this thesis after identifying a problem in the new sports hall, as the gymnasts reported that background noise due to poor acoustics was disturbing their concentration and speech intelligibility. The sound reverberation time was measured to find out the acoustic response. The reverberation time was measured in three large open gymnastic areas that are separated from each other by walls. The results of the measurements show that reverberation times in two out of the three gymnastic areas exceed the recommended limits on voice frequencies. Only one gymnastics area had values inside the limits. Based on the results, the conclusion can be drawn that long reverberation is increasing the background noise. As an improvement, installation of acoustic panels or intermediate curtains is proposed in order to reduce the reverberation in the gymnastic areas. Acoustic panels should be attached to the sound-reflective walls in such a way that at least two adjacent perpendicular walls are paneled. Each of the gymnastic areas should be paneled in this way. Roof paneling is optional since the soft training platforms on the floor are sufficient to decrease the vertical reverberation.
The winter people : a novel
Näkemisen kentät : Vapaa taidekoulu 1935-85 : näyttely 1.-24.11.1985, Helsingin taidehalli = Seendets fält : Fria konstskolan 1935-85 : utställning 1.-24.11.1985, Helsingfors konsthall = Spheres of seeing : Free Art School 1935-85 : exihibition 1.-24.11.1985, Helsinki Art Exhibition Hall
Fractional statistics and anyon superconductivity
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Managing a multipurpose arena from a strategic perspective : a case study Hartwall Areena
Instrument approach chart - ICAO. Halli Aerodrome : 2 NDB RWY 26 : 2 NDB RWY 08
Salaam Brick Lane : a year in the new East End
When even money can't buy - ice sports conditions in Oulu
The market hall revisited : cultures of consumption in urban food retail during the long twentieth century
Quantum Hall effects ; recent theoretical and experimental developments
New lobbies & waiting rooms
Salaam Brick Lane : a year in the New East End
The eyes of the navy : a biographical study of Admiral Reginald Hall
Retail : architecture + shopping
Underneath a Harlem moon : the Harlem to Paris years of Adelaide Hall
Frontiers in condensed matter theory : proceedings of a US-USSR conference
Single storey buildings
Quantum semiconductor structures : fundamentals and applications
New program of the Communist Party U.S.A. : a draft
A taste of chlorine
The lives of Mrs. Ann H. Judson and Mrs. Sarah B. Judson
James Norman Hall
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
