http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17213 intertextuality
intertextuality
The song of everlasting sorrow : a novel of Shanghai
Lost in translation? : Translating allusions in two of Reginald Hill's Dalziel & Pascoe novels
Splintered : a novel
Language and the subject
Heartless
Decolonizing the madwoman. Voyage into Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
The correspondences are infinite : a formal and thematic analysis of Paul Auster's Moon palace
The intertextuality of the Epistles : explorations of theory and practice
The buried giant : a novel
Retranslatig the Kalevala into English
A poetics of pastiche : modernist and postmodernist perspectives
Intertextuality in the tales of Rabbi Nahman of Bratslav : a close reading of Sippurey Ma'asiyot
Women in industrialized societies have a lifelong relationship with consumerism. They are caught up in a ''consumer femininity'', since a feminine identity involves, among other things, a particular mode of consumption. This study, presented in full for the first time in this volume, aims to stimulate critical awareness of consumer femininity. It culminates in sample analysis of a type of discourse that contributes to the formation of women as feminine subjects: the teen magazine. The book proposes an approach to doing critical discourse analysis that focuses on the constitution of a language user''s subjectivity in the act of reading. Influenced by the early work of Norman Fairclough, it locates points of focus for taking up a critical (and specifically feminist) reading position in discourse analysis. In doing so, it seeks to provide theoretical and analytical grounding for a critical pedagogy that will take into the classroom attention to language and construction of language users'' subjectivities.
Translating allusions : an intertextual approach : a study of allusions in the Finnish translations of Dorothy L. Sayers' detective novel Whose Body?
The story of Kullervo
The weed that strings the hangman's bag : a Flavia de Luce novel
Voices of the down and out : the Dust Bowl migration and the Great Depression in the songs of Woody Guthrie
Biblical allusion in historical Christian novels by Thoene and Thoene : the glory of the Lord and of Gideon
Creating a new meaning : - fairy tale elements in Jeanette Winterson's Sexing the cherry
On the threshold of intercultural Alices
Intrinsic intertextuality : a methodology for analyzing the seamless intertext
Intertextuality and intersemiosis
Unhinged : a novel
Readings of the particular : postcolonial in the postnational
Palimpsests of the real in recent French poetry
Echoing narratives : studies of intertextuality in Greek and Roman prose fiction
A curse on Dostoevsky
"The notion of the painting as an art object is a relatively recent invention. This book offers an impressive and complex account of the origins and development of this invention from the late Renaissance through the end of the baroque age. In comparison to the "old" image characterized by its preeminently liturgical function and its display in a predetermined space, the painting as the "new" image is increasingly autonomous and movable. As a modern art object, the painting becomes the focus of an aesthetic contemplation through its insertion into a gallery or a collection. As a result of the Protestant iconoclasm and the advancement of scientific knowledge, the essence and role of the image is put into question and thematized not only by theologians and scholars, but especially by artists. The painting thus becomes a field of visual experimentation in which art reflects on itself, its potential, its limits, its truth, and its nothingness. The representation of windows, doors, niches, mirrors, and paintings enable artists to embed the image within the image, to "frame" the fictiveness of the image in order to deceive, puzzle, and challenge the beholder. The pictorial devices through which artists introduce their authorial self into the image and stage the making of the image itself form the foundation of a new poetics: the poetics of metapainting"--
The invisible hand : the literary translator's role
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
Distorting truths and inventing stories : Merging the postmodern and the postcolonial in Coetzee's Foe
Postmortem for a postmodernist
(Inter)textualdeception : David Lodge's Thinks ... and the multiple functions of literary frames
The world of poo
Unoriginal genius : poetry by other means in the new century
An introduction to fictional worlds theory
Reading Virgil and his texts : studies in intertextuality
Thematic guide to biblical literature
For darkness shows the stars
The Angel's Game
Reading texts : teaching suggestions
Language and gender in the fairy tale tradition : a linguistic analysis of old and new story telling
Contrastive analysis of news text types in Russian, British and American business online and print media
The genius to improve an invention : literary transitions
Fun home : a family tragicomic
The pursuit of signs : semiotics, literature, deconstructions
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
Shof/countershot : film tradition and women's cinema
Intertextuality within a structuralist framework for translation : with special emphasis on the problem of interpretation and Ted Hughes's Birthday letters as a sample text
The female genius : voices and images in Angela Carter's and Kiki Smith's re-imaginations of "Little Red Riding Hood"
Mythic elements in Jayne Anne Phillips's Shelter
Narrative intertextuality and the politics of narration
As red as blood
Revelation
A frame of you : construction of characters in graphic novels
Finnish summary.
Across the lines : intertextuality and transcultural communication in the new literatures in English
Cinematic intertextuality : in polyphonic style
The heroines : a novel
Longbourn : a novel
Beckett's Dantes : intertextuality in the fiction and criticism
Reading Zechariah with Zechariah 1:1-6 as the introduction to the entire book
History and poetics of intertextuality
The limit
European intertexts : women's writing in English in a European context
Poems in their place : the intertextuality and order of poetic collections
The self-aware image : an insight into early modern metapainting
The prisoner of heaven
Jukebooks : contemporary British fiction, popular music and cultural value
The damned highway : fear and loathing in Arkham : a savage journey into the heart of the American nightmare, and back again
Thornfield Hall
Form and intertextuality in prophetic and apocalyptic literature
Bible and Qurʼān : essays in scriptural intertextuality
Three bags full : a sheep detective story
On board the moletrain Medes, Sham Yes ap Soorap watches in awe as he witnesses his first moldywarpe hunt: the giant mole bursting from the earth, the harpoonists targeting their prey, the battle resulting in one's death & the other's glory. But no matter how spectacular it is, Sham can't shake the sense that there is more to life than traveling the endless rails of the railsea--even if his captain can think only of the hunt for the ivory-colored mole she's been chasing since it took her arm all those years ago. When they come across a wrecked train, at first it's a welcome distraction. But what Sham finds in the derelict--a kind of treasure map indicating a mythical place untouched by iron rails--leads to considerably more than he'd bargained for. Soon he's hunted on all sides, by pirates, trainsfolk, monsters, & salvage-scrabblers. & it might not be just Sham's life that's about to change. It could be the whole of the railsea. Here is a novel for readers of all ages, a gripping & brilliantly imagined take on Herman Melville's Moby-Dick that confirms China Mieville's status as "the most original & talented voice to appear in several years.
Travels in the scriptorium
Death comes to Pemberley
Rewriting literary history : Peter Ackroyd and intertextuality
Scholars often ask how Paul's polemic against Gentile idolatry and immorality in Romans 1:18-32 prepares for indicting a Jewish interlocutor in 2:1-11. This study proposes that Paul's argumentation draws on the portrayal of Jewish identity in Psalm 106 and that in drawing on this portrayal Paul was participating in a larger discussion, one that included the Wisdom of Solomon and one in which evocations of the golden calf figured prominently.
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
Revisioning femininity : intertextuality in Angela Carter's The bloody chamber and other stories
Caribbean-English passages : intertextuality in a postcolonial tradition
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Texts, contexts and intertextuality : Dickens as a reader
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
The PARSNIP effect and other stories of recontextualisation : an intertextual analysis of genre embedding in Finnish EFL textbooks
Identity and cultural translation : writing across the borders of Englishness : women's writing in English in a European context
Ambiguous visions of motherland, exilic identities and of diasporic belongin : in Marina Warner's Indigo
Professor Moriarty : The hound of the D'Urbervilles
Satin Island : a novel
Citation, intertextuality and memory in the Middle Ages and Renaissance
Mr. Darcy, vampyre
Wolf Hall
The genre of trolls : the case of a Finnish-Swedish folk belief tradition
The book of laughter and forgetting
Dark star : the satanic rites of Gilles de Rais
Throughout biblical and Jewish literature we encounter a repeated story of a Hebrew or Jewish character who becomes involved in a dangerous erotic relationship. The sexual tension in these tales articulates the ambivalence between the national identities of the character and of the foreign other. The first exemplification of the topos occurs in Genesis, where the matriarchs Sarah and Rebekah are handed over (or almost so) by their husbands to a foreign king. The other biblical cases are those of Joseph, who experiences the danger of seduction by Potiphar's wife, and Esther, who is taken by force into the harem of the Persian emperor. In modern Hebrew literature, the theme reappears in the short story by the Nobel Prize winner S.Y. Agnon, 'The Lady and the Pedlar' from 1943, in which the Jewish pedlar is at risk of becoming the prey of a foreign cannibalistic woman, and in the novel Inta Omri (1994) by the poet-author Smadar Herzfeld, which describes a desperate love affair between an Israeli woman and a Palestinian man against the backdrop of the Intifada in the late 1980s. Between the chapters devoted to these works lies a discussion of the film by the Swedish director Ingmar Bergman, The Touch (1971), the story of a Jewish archaeologist who falls in love with a Swedish woman, which Keshet reads as another instance of the same theme, but this time as a metaphor of Jewish–Christian relations from the perspective not of the Jewish character but of the foreign other.
Comics incorporated : a study of comic crossover in The Sandman
The weed that strings the hangman's bag
In light of the widely acknowledged phenomenon that Zechariah refers to previous Scripture, this thesis demonstrates that these references can significantly contribute to Zechariah's argument by drawing on Mikhail M. Bakhtin's insight of the dialogical orientation of words. The dialogical orientation of Zechariah's word with regard to previous Scripture and Zechariah's audience establishes Zechariah 1:1-6 as the introduction to the entire book. It also develops a theology of transition and of waiting. Seven case studies demonstrate that the call of Zechariah 1:3-4 sounds through the entire book. The call to be different from the ancestors in a time of waiting emphasizes the people's responsibility to live faithfully within the Sinai covenant. It also points to the prophetic function of the so-called apocalyptic notions in Zechariah and exhibits Zechariah's specific contribution to the Book of the Twelve, to the Old Testament and for the church.--Back cover.
Studies of imitation in some Latin authors
Matthew crowds more Old Testament quotations and allusions into the prologue than anywhere else in his gospel. In this volume, Nicholas G. Piotrowski demonstrates the narratological and rhetorical effects of such frontloading. Particularly, seven formula-quotations constellate to establish a redemptive-historical setting inside of which the rest of the narrative operates. This setting is defined by Old Testament expectations for David's great son to end Israel's exile and rule the nations. Piotrowski contends that the rhetorical effect of this intertextual storytelling was to provide the Matthean community with an identity - in a contentious atmosphere - in terms of God's historical design for the ages, now fulfilled in Jesus and his followers.
Longbourn
Intertextuality, allusion, and quotation : an international bibliography of critical studies
Technology of modern times as a source of the "Lexicon of common figurative units"
Critics and writers speak : revisioning post-colonial studies
Language, intertextuality and subjectivity : voices in the construction of consumer feminity
The Book of Life : the Function of Heavenly Records in the Hebrew Bible, Intertestamental Texts, and the New Testament
Mystery man
The buried giant
Tequila mockingbird : cocktails with a literary twist
Intertextuality as a source of humour in Terry Pratchett's novels
The recycled Bible : autobiography, culture, and the space between
When texts come into play : intertexts and intertextuality
Dubliners 100 : fifteen new stories inspired by the original
Catherine may be one of the most desired girls in Wonderland and a favorite of the unmarried King, but her interests lie elsewhere. A talented baker, she wants to open a shop and create delectable pastries. But for her mother, such a goal is unthinkable for a woman who could be a queen.  At a royal ball where Cath is expected to receive the King’s marriage proposal, she meets handsome and mysterious Jest. For the first time, she feels the pull of true attraction. At the risk of offending the King and infuriating her parents, she and Jest enter into a secret courtship.  Cath is determined to choose her own destiny. But in a land thriving with magic, madness, and monsters, fate has other plans.
Criticism, history, and intertextuality
Homecoming
A lion among men
First impressions
'Say you are my sister' : danger, seduction and the foreign in biblical literature and beyond
The monogram murders : the new Hercule  Poirot mystery
Inferno
The memory of Tiresias : intertextuality and film
Symbolism : an international annual of critical aesthetics. Vol. 5
Evocations of the calf? : Romans 1:18-2:11 and the substructure of Psalm 106 (105)
The beggar & the hare : a novel
Russian subtexts in Nabokov's fiction : four essays
Campus clowns and the canon : David Lodge's campus fiction
Approaches to poetry : some aspects of textuality, intertextuality and intermediality
Legal literary thefts? : negotiating the distinction between imitation and plagiarism in the seventeenth century
Only connect? : Aspects of intertextuality in Zadie Smith's On beauty
O brave new world - o sick new world : an intertextual study of allusion in John Fowles's The collector
Historical awareness and social criticism in Sylvia Plath's poetry : a case study of three poems
Reading texts : an introduction to strategies and interpretation
The inklings : connecting the unconnected : genre, intertextuality and intersemiosis
Readings in intersemiosis and multimedia
The reader and the text : interpretative strategies for Latin American literatures
The complete annotated Grateful Dead lyrics : the collected lyrics of Robert Hunter and John Barlow, lyrics to all original songs, with selected traditional and cover songs
Watching with the Simpsons : television, parody, and intertextuality
The culture of superheroes : contextual issues in the translation of superhero comics
Critical approaches to comics : theories and methods
Shostakovich's Preface and Russian Literary Criticism : or how different forms of chuzhoe slovo such as skaz and polygenetic quotation, as well as some other concepts that were developed by very many distinguished Russian literary scholars – not only by members of Russian formal school and the Bakhtin circle, but also their respected and honourable successors – help to create several peculiar effects, namely contradiction, ambiguity, overloading text with referential connections and – last but not least – verbosity in the Preface to the Complete Edition of My Works and a Brief Reflection apropos this Preface op. 123 for bass voice and piano by Dmitri Shostakovich
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
Ulysses
Intertextuality
Intertextuality in Ugarit and Israel : papers read at the tenth joint meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and het Oudtestamentisch Werkgezelschap in Nederland en Belgie, held at Oxford, 1997
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
An introduction to discourse analysis : theory and method
Complete annotated Grateful Dead lyrics : the collected lyrics of Robert Hunter and John Barlow, lyrics to all original songs, with selected traditional and cover songs
Aspects of intertextuality in Susan Cooper's The Dark is Rising Sequence
Shakespeare in Europe : Nations and boundaries
Genres of philosophy
Intertextual realtions between Xenophon and Plato?
Tintin and the secret of literature
Matthew's new David at the end of exile : a socio-rhetorical study of scriptural quotations
The neutral : lecture course at the Collège de France (1977-1978)
Enchanted
"They gave us an offer we can't refuse" : targeting adults in modern children's animation: intertextuality and humour in movies by Dreamworks and Pixar
No land, no mother : essays on the work of David Dabydeen
The intertextual method for art education applied in Japanese paper theatre - a study on discovering intercultural differences
The snow child
The liberated Gospel : a comparison of the Gospel of Mark and Greek tragedy
