http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17274 need for care
need for care
Emergency medicine secrets
Health assessment for nursing practice
Abstract.
Bates' nursing guide to physical examination and history taking
Nursing diagnoses : definitions & classification 2012-2014
Fundamental skills and concepts in patient care
Summary: The mentally subnormal and their need for care in Finland.
Nutrition in intensive care medicine : beyond physiology
Information management for tactical decision-making in the cardiac care process
Acute and critical care in adult nursing
The search for health needs : research for health visiting practice
Assessment made incredibly easy!
Children and young people's nursing at a glance
Physical examination & health assessment
Dentists' decisions on caries risk and preventive treatment by dental state among 15-year-old adolescents
Heavy use of oral health services
The elements of nursing
Identifying dental restorative treatment need in healthy young adults at individual and population level
The patients caring needs : to understand and measure the unmeasureable
Towards service-dominant thinking in the Finnish forestry service market
Applied equine nutrition and training : Equine NUtrition and TRAining COnference (ENUTRACO) 2009
The first contact point in Emergency Department is called Triage. It is a system used to prioritize and to recognize the severity of patient's condition when arriving at hospital. This examination is a rapid, systematic and concise which include primary and secondary assessments. The triage decision making and the role of a triage nurse is vital in managing the workload in triage system. Therefore, sufficient knowledge is imperative so that the treatments or the cares will be given properly. The primary objective of this is to scale the patient's health problems before seeing the physician. The purpose of this thesis is to produce a video as a teaching material about acute triage clinical examination for the student of TAMK and to educate how to carry out triage assessments. The approach used in this thesis is Functional which is composed of two parts which are a theoretical part and a product. The theoretical one covers the whole process of the thesis, video making and reflects the general information about triage system as well primary and secondary triage assessment. Triage decision making and prioritizing of care is also explained in this chapter. Finally, the outcome of the product is video. The video serves as an educational material for the student of TAMK. It increases and widens their knowledge about triage and also shows how important the role of triage nurses in decision making.  It is important for the students to understand and be familiar with triage. Enough knowledge about patient's health problems and proper intervention is significant to manage the patients. By learning triage, it gives more information about prioritizing the patient's needs and the importance of decision making when working in hospital. A further research study is recommended about the satisfaction of triage system as a clinical risk management tool in Emergency Departments.
A quantitative biology of the pig
Principles and practice of psychiatric rehabilitation : an empirical approach
Health assessment in nursing
Approaches to needs assessment in children's services
Critical thinking to achieve positive health outcomes : nursing case studies and analyses
Communication skills for nurses
The continuum concept
Nursing care plans & documentation : nursing diagnoses and collaborative problems
Triage nurses' validity of assessing pediatric patients at the Emergency Department of Helsinki University Hospital for Children and Adolescents
Occlusal and dentofacial characteristics of the deciduous dentition and treatment effects of the eruption guidance appliance in the early mixed dentition
Nurses and families : a guide to family assessment and intervention
Case-mix classification and efficiency measurement in long-term care of the elderly
Keeping chickens
Emergency nursing made incredibly easy!
Human needs and the nursing process. [1.]
Continuity of care and its relationship with quality of care
"First things first" : an educational video for acute triage assesment
The need for orthognathic surgery in patients born with complete cleft palate or complete unilateral cleft lip and palate
Abstract: Need for psychiatric treatment and need-adapted treatment : a study on the need for treatment by psychiatric long-term patients in community care, the determinants of treatment and the availability of need-adapted treatment and rehabilitation services.
Whaley and Wong's children's nursing
Cochlear Gene Therapy : Viral Vectors, Gene Transfer, and Treatment Strategies for Usher Syndrome
Cochlear gene therapy : viral vectors, gene transfer, and treatment strategies for Usher syndrome
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
The elements of nursing : a model for nursing based on a model of living
Baby-led parenting : the easy way to nurture, understand and connect with your baby
Adult patient family needs in acute care settings : a literature review
Patient suitability for short-term and long-term psychotherapy
Patient assessment and care planning in nursing
The use of novel information technology in military medicine and mass casualty situation training
Oral health and treatment needs of 65-year-old residents of Oulu, Finland
Interdisciplinary clinical assessment of young children with developmental disabilities
Case management for individuals with severe mental illness : a process-outcome study of ten pilot services in Sweden
The assessment of traumatized refugees : clinical practices at the Cultural Psychiatry Outpatient Clinic
Health assessment
Basic nursing : theory and practice
Advanced medical life support : an assessment-based approach
Adolescent psychiatric inpatients with first hospitalization due to anorexia nervosa : can rehospitalization be predicted by clinical features?
How to manage your training : developing a training plan for care staff
Assessment of young children with special needs : a context-based approach
Abstract: Effectiveness in health care decision-making : an ethical analysis.
Nursing : the philosophy and science of caring
How the basic human needs of patients are met : analysis, testing and application of Maslow's motivation theory for patient care
Human needs and the nursing process. 3.
The development, nutrition, and management of the young calf
The patients caring needs : to understand and measure the unmeasureable ; Lisbeth Fagerström
Need for care and support in schizophrenia : a follow-up study of discharged schizophrenia patients
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Dental health and dental treatment needs among recruits of the Finnish Defence Forces, 1919-1991
Trees in the urban landscape : principles and practice
Introduction to nursing : an adaptation model
Social and behavioural  sciences for nurses : an integrated approach
Hospital emergency response teams : triage for optimal disaster response
Difficulties in accessing healthcare by HIV affected population of India
Health promotion strategies through the life span
Home poultry keeping
Abstract:.
Abstract: Primary care nurses' attitudes toward depression and its treatment.
Summary.
Dementia care nursing : promoting well-being in people with dementia and their families
Case-Mix classification and efficiency measurement in long-term care of the elderly
Crisis standards of care : summary of a workshop series
Social differentials in the outcomes of depression : a longitudinal register study
Subjective and objective orthodontic treatment need among orthodontically treated and untreated Finnish adolescents
Communication as a psychological need in the care of the patients with terminal illness : literature review
The concise guide to physiotherapy : Volume one, Assessment
The participation of informal caregivers and care quality in the hospital care of elderly patients aged 75 or older : a time series study in three care settings
Human needs and the nursing process. 2.
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
Modified count data models with an application to demand for dental care
Health education : patients' learning needs after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery
Oral health in a non-institutionalized disabled school population
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Telephone triage protocols for nurses
