http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17271 au pairs
au pairs
Shadow mothers : nannies, au pairs, and the micropolitics of mothering
The cultural adaptation of Finnish au pairs in England
She may not leave
Your gap year : everything you need to know to make your year out the adventure of a lifetime
(Im)mobile lives : young Russian women's narratives of work and citizenship insecurities in Finland
The childcare bible : the ultimate guide to all forms of childcare
Promoting culture exchange programs to USA through personal communication channels
How to become an au pair : your guide to empl.
Work your way around the world
The diary of an american au pair : a novel
The pleasing hour
That summer in Ischia
Au pairs' lives in global context : sisters or servants?
The au pair and nanny's guide : to working abroad
"Au pairs have traditionally been thought of as middle-class young women from Northern Europe, who are having a fun gap year in a foreign country. This collection, the first dedicated to examining the lives of au pairs, reveals that this is far from the whole story. Au pairing is now a global phenomenon and au pairs are just as likely to come from Asia and Latin America as from Sweden or France. They are an increasingly important form of very low waged, often unregulated, childcare and domestic labour enabling tens of thousands of families to meet the demands of both work and home life. Despite the importance of the work that they do, au pairs are not recognized as workers and are often excluded from even the most basic protections, such as a minimum wage. As young migrants living inside their employers' homes they are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse"--
This article examines the interconnectedness of geographical and social mobility using the empirical case of young, highly educated Russian women's migration to Finland. My qualitative interview data shows that an insecure migrant status channels young migrant women to a precarious gendered path from au pairing to studying and working in a low-skilled sector in order to continue residence in Finland. The stories of highly educated migrant women doing domestic and low-skilled work show how geographical mobility is achieved at the cost of descending social status. The empirical discussion demonstrates that “subjects on the move” celebrated by the new mobility paradigm are, in fact, unequally mobile, and achieve mobility at a high social cost, including social downgrading and deskilling. Furthermore, structural vulnerabilities in terms of insecure migrant status create dependence on employers and produce opportunities for the exploitation of migrant labour.
Abstract: This article examines the interconnectedness of geographical and social mobility using the empirical case of young, highly educated Russian women's migration to Finland. My qualitative interview data shows that an insecure migrant status channels young migrant women to a precarious gendered path from au pairing to studying and working in a low-skilled sector in order to continue residence in Finland. The stories of highly educated migrant women doing domestic and low-skilled work show how geographical mobility is achieved at the cost of descending social status. The empirical discussion demonstrates that “subjects on the move” celebrated by the new mobility paradigm are, in fact, unequally mobile, and achieve mobility at a high social cost, including social downgrading and deskilling. Furthermore, structural vulnerabilities in terms of insecure migrant status create dependence on employers and produce opportunities for the exploitation of migrant labour.
A guilty thing surprised
