http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17283 compilations (literary works)
compilations (literary works)
Global changes and theoretical challenges : approaches to world politics for the 1990s
Irish writing : an anthology of Irish literature in English 1789-1939
Finland in focus : 1967
Men, masculinities and social theory
The inquisition in early modern Europe : studies on sources and methods
Gusto : essential writings in nineteenth-century gastronomy
The portable sixties reader
Translation studies
Pioneers in criminology
The Oxford book of short stories
Early modern women's writing : an anthology, 1560-1700
Flight. Volume 5
Law and morality
Reading the nation in English literature : a critical reader
Advertisements for myself
Eldritch tales : a miscellany of the macabre
The mammoth book of best new manga. 3
"The Useless Mouths" and Other Literary Writings brings to English-language readers literary writings - several previously unknown - by Simone de Beauvoir. Highlights of the volume include a new translation of the 1945 play "The Useless Mouths," the unpublished 1965 short novel Misunderstanding in Moscow, the fragmentary "Notes for a Novel," and an eagerly awaited translation of Beauvoir's contribution to a 1965 debate among Jean-Paul Sartre and other French writers and intellectuals, "What Can Literature Do?"
Overtones : a book of temperaments: Richard Strauss, Parsifal, Verdi, Balzac, Flaubert, Nietzsche, and Turgénieff
Origen, spirit and fire : a thematic anthology of his writings
The essential Galbraith
Versions of Blackness : key texts on slavery from the seventeenth century
Restructuring for world peace : on the threshold of the twenty-first century
Growing up with philosophy
Speaking of success
In his own voice : the dramatic and other uncollected works of Paul Laurence Dunbar
The search for roots : a personal anthology
Legal reform in post-communist Europe : the view from within
Love and Friendship
Victims of crime : problems, policies, and programs
"High Notes draws from six decades of Talese's work, from his long-form pieces for Esquire to his more autobiographical writings of the eighties and nineties to his twenty-first-century reflections on New York, New Yorkers, and the institution of which he is the longtime chronicler, the New York Times"--
Selected works of Ba Jin. 3, The Cross of Love and other stories
Selected papers. Vol. 1 [1886-1908]
Selected papers. Vol. 1, [1886-1908]
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
The Faber book of nursery stories
El Sistema : Music for social change
Irish literature : the eighteenth century
Finland in focus : [19]70
El romancero hoy : poética : 2. ̊coloquio internacional, University of California, Davis
High notes : selected writings
Map : collected and last poems
This is a magnificent collection of 366 poems compiled by Allie Esiri, one to share for every night of the year. The poems - together with introductory paragraphs - have a link to the date on which they appear. Shakespeare celebrates midsummer night, Maya Angelou International Women's Day and Lewis Carroll April Fool's day. Perfect for reading aloud and sharing with all the family, it contains a full spectrum of poetry from familiar favourites to exciting contemporary voices. Alfred, Lord Tennyson, W. B. Yeats, A. A. Milne and Christina Rossetti sit alongside Roger McGough, Carol Ann Duffy and Benjamin Zephaniah.
Writers on organizations
Elvis died for somebody's sins but not mine : a lifetime's collected writing
The golden apples of the sun
The Wiley Blackwell companion to tourism
The Third International Seminar on Research in Music Education (Gummersbach, Germany, July 5-12, 1972) : Das Dritte Internationale Musikpädagogische Forschungsseminar (Gummersbach, 5.-12. Juli 1972)
The small assassin
Global change and challenge : geography for the 1990s
Lectures on the common law. Vol.2, The right to strik in Britain
Linguistic studies in medieval Spanish
Invertebrata enigmatica : giant spiders, dangerous insects, and other strange invertebrates in classic science fiction and fantasy
The collected novels of Paul Laurence Dunbar
The Norton anthology of American literature
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Articles on works by Ayn Rand, including: Introduction to objectivist epistemology, The romantic manifesto, The virtue of selfishness, Capitalism: the unknown ideal, For the new intellectual, The new left: the anti-industrial revolution
Law and order in a democratic society
A poem for every night of the year
The Famous Five collection
This handbook gives a new scientific perspective to youth and childhood studies as multi scientific and interdisciplinary subjects which as such have not yet found their own framing in a particular discipline. It provides theoretical and methodological key debates and issues that develop and add an understanding of childhood and youth research discipline from a broader perspective. The Handbook on Children and Youth Studies draws on current thinking, but also challenges theoretical and conceptual orthodoxies in the field, drawing on interdisciplinary thinking and critical perspectives. It focuses on childhood and youth to address the emerging consensus that the boundaries between childhood, youth and adulthood are blurred. The view that defining youth and childhood largely in terms of problem topics is out dated. Instead, the handbook focuses on 13 themes that are open to international perspectives and to different conceptual approaches. Each theme is edited by a pair of field editors, thereby capturing a plurality of views. The 13 themes as a starting point are globally timely and they need scientific debates on the boundaries between childhoods, youth and adulthood. This handbook will meet the needs of childhood and youth researchers and the academics in the field. It recognizes the changing social context of the lives of children and young people, while developing theoretical frameworks and discussing about the core substantive issues of Children and Youth Studies.
The generalisation of the general theory and other essays
The complete works
1966 : Living history in the old quarters of Helsinki
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
A year at the star and sixpence
The dialectics of liberation
Law in contemporary society : the Orgain Lectures
The futures of criminology
This is my philosophy : twenty of the world's outstanding thinkers reveal the deepest meanings they have found in life
El romancero hoy : nuevas fronteras : 2. ̊coloquio internacional, University of California, Davis
Flight. Volume 3
Indigenous politics : institutions, representation, mobilisation
Law and the lawless : a reader in criminology
The art of eating : the collected gastronomical works of M. F. K. Fisher
Art in motion : Motor skills, motivation, and musical practice
Choice cuts : savory selection of food writing from around the world and throughout history
Consumer law
The horn of plenty : an anthology of distinguished recipes by a connoisseur of cookery
The Prentice Hall anthology of African American literature
Selected novels & stories
The salmon of doubt : hitchhiking the galaxy one last time
In the aftermath : provocations and laments
Night World : volume three
Stat'i staryh let
Business review : advanced applications
Early Black British writing : Olaudah Equiano, Mary Prince, and others : selected texts with introduction, critical essays
Irish literature : the nineteenth century. Vol. 3
The complete works of William Shakespeare
The papers in this volume are based on a 2006 Princeton University symposium in honor of Glen W. Bowersock on the occasion of his retirement from the faculty of the Institute for Advanced Study. Here a distinguished international group of ancient historians explores the classical antiquity that Bowersock has given us over a scholarly career of almost fifty years. The topics offered in East and West range throughout the ancient world from the second century bce to late antiquity, from Hellenistic Greece and Republican Rome to Egypt and Arabia, from the Second Sophistic to Roman imperial discourse, from Sulla's self-presentation in his memoirs to charitable giving among the Manichaeans in Egypt.
Poetry and prose of William Blake
The mammoth book of best new manga
Lu ye shu huai : ershi shiji Taiwan xiandai sanwen jingxuan = Down memory lane : a selection of 20th -century Taiwan prose
A mischievous little rabbit : tales of danger and daring
Islamic law reform and human rights : challenges and rejoinders
Universities and Indian country : case studies in tribal-driven research
Irish literature : the nineteenth century. Vol. 1
Communication - action - meaning : a festschrift to Jens Allwood
I never metaphor I didn't like : a comprehensive compilation of history's greatest analogies, metaphors, and similes
Sex and disability
Flight. Volume three
Kriminologie in Europa - Europäische Kriminologie? : Kolloquium aus Anlass des 65. Geburtstags von Prof Günther Kaiser , 14. Januar 1994 = Criminology in Europe - European criminology? : colloquium in honour of the 65th birthday of Prof Günther Kaiser, 14. January 1994
The New negro
The major works : [including Paradise lost]
The literary life of Cairo : one hundred years in the heart of the city
Classics of international relations
The creative world of Beethoven
Contours of the heart : South Asians map North America
I heard life calling me : poems of Yi Sŏng-bok
"The useless mouths", and other literary writings
International environmental law and regulation
Ship masters : law and practice as presented at the Träskö-Storö seminar of the Axel Ax:son Johnson Institute of Maritime Law
The collector's book of westerns
Emerson's prose and poetry : authoritative texts, contexts, criticism
The professional-managerial class : contemporary British Management in the pursuer mode
Research on Spanish in the United States : linguistic issues and challenges
The Oxford book of modern fairy tales
The expelled, The calmative, The end with First love
Vocational and general education in western industrial societies
Law and politics of West-East technology transfer
The Jane Austen collection
Treasury of mini comics. Volume two
A blink of the screen : collected shorter fiction
New agendas for peace research : conflict and security reexamined
The Rivan codex : ancient texts of the Belgariad and the Malloreon
A natural history of peace
Perspectives in philosophy : a book of readings
Unity in diversity : papers presented to Simon C. Dik on his 50th birthday
Night World : volume two
The philosophy of language
The SAGE handbook of housing studies
The I.L. Peretz reader
International conflict and conflict management : readings in world politics
The Norton anthology of English literature : the major authors. Vol. 1
I'm not here to give a speech
The theory and practice of international relations
East & West : papers in ancient history presented to Glen W. Bowersock
Shaking a leg : collected writings
Shakespeare's First folio : four centuries of an iconic book
The collected works of Samuel Taylor Coleridge. 15, Opus Maximum
The major works
Fantasy Stories
Handbook of children and youth studies
Osteopathy: its past, present and future : a memorial volume and tribute to Robin Kirk and his contribution to osteopathy
Selected journalism
Flight. Volume two
Constructing central europe tourism competitiveness
New French feminisms : an anthology
The selected poetry and prose of Andrea Zanzotto : a bilingual edition
Origins of terrorism : psychologies, ideologies, theologies, states of mind
Selected works of Ba Jin. 4, Earliest memories and other essays
The literature of the American South : a Norton anthology
Nothing but the truth : an anthology of Native American literature
Four Jacobean sex tragedies
Leadership : contemporary critical perspectives
The global agenda : issues and perspectives
Flight. Volume five
A Raj collection
Flight. Volume four
Philosophy of law
The sketch-book of Geoffrey Crayon, gent
"This book provides a conceptual model for universities to address this unfortunate history and is a compilation of projects that were requested by Native communities or organizations and completed by Harvard graduate students. These projects provide information that can be used by educators, consultants, Native communities and organizations as primary resources for adaptation in other Native communities"--Provided by publisher.
The Routledge companion to philosophy in organization studies
Legal development and comparative law 1982 : selected essays for the 11th International Congress of Comparative Law = Évolution du droit comparé 1982 : essais choisis pour le 11e Congrès international de droit comparé
Looking forward : challenges to Canadian music education
Classic and contemporary readings in sociology
Mỹ Việt : Vietnamese American literature in English, 1962-present
Reflections on Afro-American Music
Nineteenth-century russian literature = russkaja literatura devjatnadtsatogo veka : an introductory reader = vvedenie
The complete poems of John Keats
Late Victorian Gothic tales
Women's writing, 1778-1838 : an anthology
Classes, power, and conflict : classical and contemporary debates
Law and society
