http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17252 social services (municipal sphere of authority)
social services (municipal sphere of authority)
Abstract.
English summary.
Abstract: Statistical yearbook on social welfare and health care 2001.
Referat.
Putting people at the center of sustainable development : proceedings of the Expert Meeting on the Social Dimension in Sustainable Development, October 15-17, 1998 in Helsinki and at the Baltic Sea Centre at Kellokoski, Finland. Volume 2, Contributed papers
Abstract in Finnish.
Delivering welfare : the governance of the social services in the 1990s
Social welfare in Finland
The bureaucrat and the poor : encounters in French welfare offices
The invisible war in North Kurdistan
Social work with children
Governance in the European Union
New technology and information exchange in social services
Constructing intercultural competence in Italian social service and healthcare organizations : pedagogical design, effectiveness research, and alternative visions for promoting ethnorelativism
Assessment and intervention in social work : preparing for practice
Contemporary social assistance : dual commitments and dual failures?
Professional discretion in welfare services : beyond street-level bureaucracy
Shifting subordination : co-located interprofessional collaboration between teachers and social workers
The new managerialism and public service professions : change in health, social services, and housing
The Cambridge history of the First World War. / Volume 3, Civil society
Introduction to social work and social welfare : empowering people
European social fund's projects in a small size association : demands for accounting and cash flow management
The social welfare administration in the Finnish municipalities
Cost of social security : eleventh international inquiry, 1978-1980
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 1
Social action : variations, dimensions and dilemmas
Care management : tasks and workloads
Talk about power - the interaction between politicians and employees in municipal social and health services
The art of assessment
Strategic tools for social entrepreneurs : Enchancing the Performance of your Enterprising Nonprofit
Clients or co-producers? : the changing role of citizens in social services
Broadening horizons : international exchanges in social work
The McDonaldization of social work
Social security and its users : from red tape to information access
Creation and domestication of global policy trends : the case of national bioethics committees
Understanding European Union institutions
Home care for ageing populations : a comparative analysis of domiciliary care in Denmark, the United States and Germany
Co-production and personalisation in social care : changing relationships in the provision of social care
Abstract: The object of this bachelor's thesis was to study the prevalence of actualized protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior as well as to clarify carers' views on protective measures and client participation, and whether there are possibilities for empowerment. The setting for the study was Kuusela, a department offering care, guidance and rehabilitation to adults with intellectual disabilities and challenging behavior. The theoretical framework for this study was based on values of the social field and the operating environment of Kuusela and how empowerment can be reached through participation and the right to subjectivity, self-determination, and dialog. Methods in acquiring the essential information were both qualitative and quantitative. Data on the prevalence of actualized protective measures was gathered through a documentary analysis. Data on carers' views on protective measures and client participation were gathered through a questionnaire consisting of a set of questions that were to be answered according to the Likert scale. The questionnaire also included two open-ended questions that required a written answer. The data were analysed according to qualitative content analysis. The results showed that the number of actualized protective measures had decreased from the year 2008 to 2010. Results on the carers' views showed that protective measures are needed and justified in their work. Although they seem conscious of the inhabitants' right to participatory working methods, it was not seen clearly in the everyday life. Obstacles in the implementation of this right were seen as being related to the inhabitants' shortcomings and the carers' attitudes and know-how. It can be concluded that continuous reflection on values and models of action is needed in order for the inhabitants' participation to be respected and implemented and for empowerment to be possible. The results showed that learning by living should be heightened through open professional discussions. The inhabitants' shortcomings should be dealt with in a professional manner and attitudes and knowledge on addressing these shortcomings should be dealt with through discussion and possibly through further training.
Information technology acceptance in the Finnish social and healthcare sector : exploring the effects of cultural factors
Abstract (s. 3). Summary and comparison (s. 36-37).
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
The Charter of the United Nations : a commentary. Vol. 2
Purchase of service contracting
Efficiency in the social services
Social work management and practice : systems principles
Protective measures in working with people with intellectual disabilities: carers' views on protective measures and client participation
Economic portrait of the European Union 1999
Working with disaster
Social care and housing
Market research in health and social care
Social and medical emergency : preparedness and response unit
Gender and the public sector : professionals and managerial change
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Governing home care : a cross-national comparison
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Managing local social services in reforms - challenges to the leadership of human resource management
The Finnish national strategy for the development of social work
What works? : evidence-based policy and practice in public services
Management and organisations in social work
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Complex policy planning : the government strategic management of the social care market
English summary: Hypotheses on the contradictions and developmental zone of social work.
Summary.
European community law
Abstract: Promoting social entrepreneurship.
Social work departments as organisations
Contemporary social assistance : dual commitments and dual failures
Integrating health and social care services for older persons : evidence from nine European countries
Social work and local politics
Europeanization, care and gender global complexities
The costs of violence in a municipality : a case study of violence against women and its costs in the city of Hämeenlinna 2001, based on estimates provided by authority representatives
Managing local social services in reforms : challenges to the leadership of human resource management
Social work, the media and public relations
Policy-making in the European Union : conceptual lenses and the integration process
Protective Measures in Working with People with Intellectual Disabilities : Carers' Views on Protective Measures and Client Participation
Welcome to your committee : guide for new members 2004
Complex space multipole expansion theory with application to scattering from dielectric bodies
Indian national movement : its ideological and socio-economic dimensions
Indirect public administration in the fields of education and pensions = L'Administration publigue indirecte : Les domaines de l'education et des pensions
