http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17263 requirements engineering
requirements engineering
A model-based approach to requirements analysis for complex products in engineering design
Introducing basic systematic requirements engineering practices in small organizations with an easy to adopt method
An introduction to requirements engineering
Modeling and developing a customer-oriented configuration process in a mass customization environment
Challenges and means for the front end activities of software development
Requirements engineering : processes and techniques
Software product management essentials : a practical guide for small and mid-sized companies
For over 20 years, Software Engineering: A Practitioner's Approach has been the best selling guide to software engineering for students and industry professionals alike. The sixth edition continues to lead the way in software engineering. A new Part 4 on Web Engineering presents a complete engineering approach for the analysis, design, and testing of Web Applications, increasingly important for today's students. Additionally, the UML coverage has been enhanced and signficantly increased in this new edition. The pedagogy has also been improved in the new edition to include sidebars. They provide information on relevant softare tools, specific work flow for specific kinds of projects, and additional information on various topics. Additionally, Pressman provides a running case study called "Safe Home" throughout the book, which provides the application of software engineering to an industry project. New additions to the book also include chapters on the Agile Process Models, Requirements Engineering, and Design Engineering. The book has been completely updated and contains hundreds of new references to software tools that address all important topics in the book. The ancillary material for the book includes an expansion of the case study, which illustrates it with UML diagrams. The On-Line Learning Center includes resources for both instructors and students such as checklists, 700 categorized web references, Powerpoints, a test bank, and a software engineering library-containing over 500 software engineering papers.
Essentials of systems analysis and design
Software product line engineering : foundations, principles, and techniques
Criteria for the evaluation of requirements management tools supporting distributed software product line engineering and management
A software implementation of the requirements abstraction model
Applying user-centred design in ERP implementation requirements analysis
Requirements Engineering and Management for Software Development Projects presents a complete guide on requirements for software development including engineering, computer science and management activities. It is the first book to cover all aspects of requirements management in software development projects. This book introduces the understanding of the requirements, elicitation and gathering, requirements analysis, verification and validation of the requirements, establishment of requirements, different methodologies in brief, requirements traceability and change management among other topics. The best practices, pitfalls, and metrics used for efficient software requirements management are also covered. Intended for the professional market, including software engineers, programmers, designers and researchers, this book is also suitable for advanced-level students in computer science or engineering courses as a textbook or reference.
The principles and practices of requirements management in base station software development
Requirements engineering and management for software development projects
Understanding your users : a practical guide to user requirements methods, tools, and techniques
Requirements engineering fundamentals : a study guide for the certified professional for requirements engineering exam : foundation level, IREB compliant
Managing Requirements of Standards and Regulations for Engine Control System : Case Study of Storing System Requirements from DNV in Polarion
Introducing requirements engineering into product development : towards systematic user requirements definition
Information systems requirements : determination and analysis
Just enough requirements management : where software development meets marketing
Requirement's engineering in distributed software projects
System analysis design, UML version 2.0 : an object-oriented approach
Discovering requirements : how to specify products and services
The representative claim
The purpose of this thesis is to do research work on CRM software selection for small and medium sized enterprises. In detail, to examine the requirements from a SMEs' point of view and find out the suitable CRM vendors in the market.  Several chapters of theories were discussed in this study in order to apply the case studies and reach the result. In the beginning, definition of CRM and CRM implantation are concerned; then features of SMEs are defined and general CRM marketing situation is figured out. These several theory parts support the case studies and interviews.  The research method is qualitative method, and the research strategy is interview to define the requirements and cases studies to study SugarCRM and zoho CRM applications. The secondary data were collected from articles online and books and theses. The primary data came from the interviews. Data was collected and analyzed through case studies and interviews. In the cases, vendor, functionalities, scalabilities, pricing are analyzed.  Result for the research shows the requirements including easy to use, easy to implementation, high scalability and cost affordable of CRM in SMEs. Key functionalities that they pay attention to are customer contact and account management, lead management, sales forecast and inventory management.  There are lots of CRM applications in the market meet the requirements, such as Sugar CRM, Zoho CRM and so on. The conclusion of the report shows that most of the CRM packages are primarily contact management solutions that allow user to keep track on sales, marketing and service personnel on their prospects and customers and more effectively manage related activities.
CRM software selection in SME(s)
Requirements engineering : linking design and manufacturing in ICT companies
Object-oriented systems analysis and design using UML
Object-oriented & classical software engineering
Rapid contextual design : a how-to guide to key techniques for user-centered design
Requirements modelling and specification for service oriented architecture
RAMSI management model and evaluation criteria for Nordic offshore wind assets
The interaction of organisational structure and humans in knowledge integration
How to improve requirement managing tool usage
Knowledge transfer in requirements engineering in collaborative product development
On enriching requirements engineering work using icons
Requirement management problems and organizational maturity
High-level requirements for à la carte restaurant point of sale and inventory management systems
The impacts of various implementing options for non-functional software requirements : case: label factory's production systems
An integrated model-based approach for systems engineering : towards the use of model-based approach in the early development stages of the systems engineering process
Product line management techniques with requirement and feature models
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Software engineering : a practitioner's approach
Practical software engineering : a case study approach
