http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17237 social psychiatry
social psychiatry
Suicidal mass murderers : a criminological study of why they kill
Social work and mental health
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
The psychic life of power : theories in subjection
Neurosis and modernity : the age of nervousness in Sweden
Personality development and deviation : a textbook for social work
The interpersonal theory of psychiatry
Sociocultural roots of mental illness : an epidemiologic survey
Introduction
On being and having a case manager : a relational approach to recovery in mental health
The social control of mental illness
Social determinants and mental health
Behavioral, social, and emotional assessment of children and adolescents
Happiness : lessons from a new science
Social work approaches in health and mental health from around the globe
A former BMA Medical Book of the Year award winner, this book provides a sociological analysis of major areas of mental health and illness and helps students to develop a critical approach to the subject. This new edition is fully updated, taking into consideration changes in the areas of sociology, social psychiatry and policy analysis and changes to policy and therapeutic law. --
A user's guide to capitalism and schizophrenia : deviations from Deleuze and Guattari
The anti-Oedipus papers
History of madness
Counseling across cultures
The haunt of misery : critical essays in social work and helping
A collection of essays on social psychiatry includes discussions of the capitalist system, class struggle, and institutional psychotherapy.
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Stigma and mental illness
Expertise and decision making among clinicians in investigations of alleged child sexual abuse
A handbook for the study of mental health : social contexts, theories, and systems
Psychiatria Fennica. 1994 : 25th annual volume
Autism and the crisis of meaning
Aging in the twenty-first century : a developmental perspective
Madness and civilization : a history of insanity in the age of reason
Molecular revolution : psychiatry and politics
A history of madness in sixteenth-century Germany
Journal of psychosocial nursing and mental health services
So you want to be an interpreter? : an introduction to sign language interpreting
Anti-Oedipus : capitalism and schizophrenia
"A Sociology of Mental Health and Illness is an intellectual 'tour de force'. Rogers and Pilgrim cogently dismantle professional pretensions towards mastery of mental illness, and in their place construct compelling arguments for the need to focus on the social, economic and political determinants of mental well-being." Christopher Dowrick, Professor of Primary Medical Care, University of Liverpool, UK --
A sociology of mental health and illness
Motivational interviewing : preparing people for change
Man for man : a multidisciplinary workshop on affecting man's social and psychological nature through community action
The interface of social and clinical psychology : key readings
Social psychological foundations of clinical psychology
Social work and dementia : good practice and care management
The insanity of place, the place of insanity : essays on the history of psychiatry
The development of social engagement : neurobiological perspectives
The rise and fall of the biopsychosocial model : reconciling art and science in psychiatry
Diagnostic cultures : a cultural approach to the pathologization of modern life
Psychiatria Fennica. 1999 : 30th annual volume
Psychiatry in the elderly
A new chapter, entitled 'public mental health and the pursuit of happiness', reflects the recent focus on the creation of mentally healthy societies. --
Mad travelers : reflections on the reality of transient mental illnesses
Did the crisis really hurt? : effects of the 1980-1982 economic recession on satisfaction, mental health and mortality
Developed in the twentieth century as an outgrowth of psychosomatic medicine, the biopsychosocial model is seen as an antidote to the constraints of the medical model of psychiatry. In this critique of psychiatry's mainstream ideology, S. Nassir Ghaemi details the origins and evolution of the BPS model and explains how, where, and why it fails to live up to its promises. He makes the case for a new paradigm of medical humanism and method-based psychiatry that is consistent with modern science while incorporating humanistic aspects of the art of medicine.
Social origins of depression : a study of psychiatric disorder in women
Social work practice in mental health : an introduction
Introduction : women's and men's needs as a challenge for gender-sensitive services
Counseling refugees : a psychosocial approach to innovative multicultural interventions
Onset of functional psychoses in later middle age : a social-psychiatric, psychodynamic and family-dynamic study
Social work visions from around the globe : citizens, methods, and approaches : part 2
Case management for individuals with severe mental illness : a process-outcome study of ten pilot services in Sweden
The age of melancholy : "major depression" and its social origins
Speaking of sadness : depression, disconnection, and the meanings of illness
Insanity : the idea and its consequences
Attempted suicide in Helsinki during 1989-1997
Dimensions of community mental health care
English summary: A violent relationship, clientdom and change.
Social work visions from around the globe : citizens, methods, and approaches
Culture, health and illness : an introduction for health professionals
A Sociology of Mental Health and Illness 4/e is a key teaching and learning resource for undergraduates and postgraduates studying a range of medical sociology and health-related courses, as well as trainee mental health workers in the fields of social work, nursing, clinical psychology and psychiatry --Book Jacket.
Post-qualifying mental health social work practice
Social work visions from around the globe : citizens, methods, and approaches. Part 1
S. 3-5: Introduction : women's and men's needs as a challenge for gender-sensitive services.
The irreducible needs of children : what every child must have to grow, learn, and flourish
Therapeutic realities : collaboration, oppression and relational flow
Inconvenient people : lunacy, liberty, and the mad-doctors in Victorian England
Pathology and the postmodern : mental illness as discourse and experience
Mental health social work : evidence-based practice
Improving geriatric psychiatry services in primary care : a study of multiprofessional training interventions
The psychology of female violence : crimes against the body
Society and psychosis
Sociology of mental disorder
Psychiatric hegemony : a Marxist theory of mental illness
