http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17294 general knowledge
general knowledge
Technological literacy, competence and innovation in human resource development : proceedings of the first International Conference on Technology Education
Looking at the future : technical work in the context of technology education
Civic literacy : how informed citizens make democracy work
Advancing excellence in technological literacy : student assessment, professional development, and program standards
Imagining literacy : rhizomes of knowledge in American culture and literature
Standards for technological literacy : content for the study of technology
Reconciling liberal and vocational education : report of the European Union Leonardo da Vinci research project on promoting the attractiveness of vocational education (PAVE)
How to sound cultured : master the 250 names that intellectuals love to drop into conversation
The informed reader : contemporary issues in the disciplines
The literature student's survival kit : what every reader needs to know
Education for sustainable development in Finland
Sustainable development in education : implementation of Baltic 21E -programme and Finnish strategy for the Decade of Education for Sustainable Devlopment (2005-2014)
Cultural literacy : what every American needs to know
A lifetime's reading
Sustainable development in schools and educational institutions?
Metropolises, Asia and general culture
'Damn, all my cheating secrets revealed. In book form' Stephen Fry Which philosopher had the maddest hairstyle? Which novelist drank 50 cups of black coffee every day? What on earth did Simone de Beauvoir see in Jean-Paul Sartre? How to Sound Cultured offers a wry and yet profoundly useful look inside the mirrored palaces of high culture. Covering such inscrutable characters as Heidegger, Montaigne, Kahlo and Levi-Strauss (apparently not just a designer of jeans), inscrutable polymaths Thomas W. Hodgkinson and Hubert van den Bergh - the author of the acclaimed How to Sound Clever - have done the hard work of sorting the cultural wheat from the chaff. Read this book and you'll never again mistake Rimbaud for Rambo or Georg Lukacs for George Lucas, you'll know precisely when to drop Foucault's name into a conversation and how to pronounce 'Borgesian', and you'll learn many more essential pointers for the intellectual life.
Abstract: "What was actually said" : the analysis of Hannu Taanila's radio programs.
Operationalisation of scientific and technological literacy in the teaching of science
