http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17206 apocalypticism
apocalypticism
"This work traces the origins of apocalyptic prophecy in Christianity and Islam through in-depth examinations of several texts found within the Bible, the Quran, and the Hadith. The religious prophecies discussed in this book are largely focused on end-time or apocalyptic scenarios"--Provided by publisher.
The Remnant : on the brink of Armageddon
The Visio Pauli and the gnostic Apocalypse of Paul
Approaching the apocalypse : a short history of Christian millenarianism
Between symbolism and realism : the use of symbolic and non-symbolic language in ancient Jewish Apocalypses 333-63 B.C.E
Death and desire : the rhetoric of gender in the Apocalypse of John
Selected studies in the Slavonic pseudepigrapha
Mysterious apocalypse : interpreting the book of Revelation
Black Moon
Darksiders II : Death rides pack : Xbox 360
Apocalyptic and eschatological heritage : the Middle East and Celtic realms
Waiting for Godot in Sarajevo : theological reflections on nihilism, tragedy and apocalypse
The apocalyptic imagination : an introduction to Jewish apocalyptic literature
The encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 2, Apocalypticism in western history and culture
Wasteland. 2 : PlayStation 4
Christ, history, and apocalyptic : the politicians of Christian mission
Olivi and the interpretation of Matthew in the high Middle Ages
Enoch and the growth of an apocalyptic tradition
The Mayan prophecy 2012 : The Mayan calendar and the end of time
An examination and critique of the understanding of the Apocalypticism and Gnosticism in Johannine studies
The end of the world as we know it : faith, fatalism, and apocalypse in America
Apocalypse
Glorious appearing : the end of days
Although nearly forgotten today, the prophetic writing of Wilhelm Friess was the most popular work of its kind in Germany in the second half of the 16th century. While the author "Wilhelm Friess" was a convenient fiction, his text had a long and remarkable history as it moved from the papal court in 14th-century Avignon, to Antwerp under Habsburg oppression, to Nuremberg as it was still reeling from Lutheran failures in the Schmalkaldic War, and then back to Antwerp at the outbreak of the Dutch revolt. Dutch scholars have recognised that Frans Fraet was executed for printing a prognostication by Willem de Vriese, but this prognostication was thought to be lost. A few scholars of 16th-century German apocalypticism have briefly noted the prophecies of Wilhelm Friess but have not studied them in depth. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess is the first to connect de Vriese and Friess, as well as recognise the prophecy of Wilhelm Friess as an adaptation of a French version of the Vademecum of Johannes de Rupescissa, making these pamphlets by far the most widespread source for Rupescissa's apocalyptic thought in Reformation Germany. The book explains the connection between the first and second prophecies of Wilhelm Friess and discovers the Calvinist context of the second prophecy and its connection to Johann Fischart, one of the most important German writers of the time. Jonathan Green provides a study of how textual history interacts with print history in early modern pamphlets and proposes a model of how early modern prophecies were created and transmitted. The Strange and Terrible Visions of Wilhelm Friess makes important contributions to the study of early modern German and Dutch literature, apocalypticism and confessionalisation during the Reformation, and the history of printing in the 16th century.
Darksiders II : Death rides pack : PlayStation 3
Apocalyptic trajectories : millenarianism and violence in the contemporary world
The relevance of apocalyptic : a study of Jewish and Christian apocalypses from Daniel to the Revelation
Hell's ditch
The biblical world. Vol. 1
Ancient Christian interpretations of "violent texts" in the Apocalypse
End of days : essays on the apocalypse from antiquity to modernity
Cosmos, chaos and the Kosher mentality
Studies in Muslim apocalyptic
Fallout : new Vegas : PlayStation 3
The contribution of British writers between 1560 and 1830 to the interpretation of Revelation 13. 16-18 (the number of Beast) : a study in the history of exegesis
The technomancer : Xbox One
The Oxford handbook of millennialism
The Jewish apocalyptic heritage in early Christianity
Marks of the beast : the left behind novels and the struggle for evangelical identity
The "other" in Second Temple Judaism : essays in honor of John J. Collins
Apocalyptic transformation : apocalypse and the postmodern imagination
Things to come : a study in biblical eschatology
Prophecy and eschatology
Fallout 4 : PS4
The way the world ends? : the Apocalypse of John in culture and ideology
The 2012 story : the myths, fallacies, and thruth behind the most intriguing date in history
New Testament Apocrypha. 2, Writings relating to the apostles ; Apocalypses and related subjects
Degrees of freedom
Doomsayers : Anglo-American prophecy in the age of Revolution
The new Jerusalem in the revelation of John : the city as symbol of life with God
Dr. Strangegod : on the symbolic meaning of nuclear weapons
The method & message of Jewish apocalyptic : 200 BC - AD 100
The corruption and redemption of creation : nature in Romans 8.19-22 and Jewish apocalyptic literature
Fallen angels and the history of Judaism and Christianity : the reception of Enochic literature
Gnostic apocalypse and Islam : Qur'an, exegesis, messianism and the literary origins of the Babi religion
Nicolae : the rise of Antichrist
Hermeneia : a critical and historical commentary on the Bible. 1 Enoch 2 : a commentary on the book of 1 Enoch : chapters 37-82
Darksiders II : deathinitive edition : PlayStation 4
The end of historicism : Millerite hermeneutic of time prophecies in the Old Testament
Prophecy and the fundamentalist quest : an integrative study of Christian and Muslim apocalyptic religion
Evangelical millennialism in the trans-Atlantic world, 1500-2000
The Postman
Them or us
Descenders th the chariot : the people behind the Hekhalot literature
After the end : representations of post-apocalypse
The New Jerusalem in the Book of Revelation : a study of Revelation 21-22 in the light of its background in Jewish tradition
The apocalypse in the early Middle Ages
A single-volume treatment based on the eschatological center of Paul's message. Paul's life, letters, and theology are unified by the theme of the overlapping of two ages—this age and the age to come. With the life, death, and resurrection of Jesus Christ, the age to come (i e , kingdom of God) broke into this present age but didn't end it. Where other important doctrines such as justification by faith, reconciliation, and the cross of Christ were key players in Paul's theology, Marvin Pate compellingly demonstrates that the overarching theme driving the Pauline corpus was indeed Paul's inaugurated eschatology. In fact, Paul's apocalyptic framework was only one of a number of other rival eschatologically focused religious perspectives of the day, such as the Imperial Cult, Hellenistic/syncretistic religion, and the merkabah Judaizers. Paul's vigorous debates with the churches he served centered on the exclusivity of the gospel of Christ that he preached: the nonnegotiable apocalypse of Jesus the Messiah. Apostle of the Last Days will be welcomed in the classroom as a one-volume treatment of Paul's life and letters as well as his theology.
American apocalypses : the image of the end of the world in American literature
Fallout. 4 : Xbox One
Apocalypse against empire : theologies of resistance in early Judaism
The apocalyptic Jesus : a debate
RAGE : Anarchy Edition : PlayStation 3
Anglo-American millennialism, from Milton to the Millerites
Fallout. 3 :PlayStation 3
Expecting Armageddon : essential readings in failed prophecy
The strange and terrible visions of Wilhelm Friess : the paths of prophecy in Reformation Europe
The dead
Jewish apocalypticism in late first century Israel : reading 'Second Baruch' in context
This book breaks a significant impasse in much Pauline interpretation, pushing beyond both "Lutheran" and "New" perspectives on Paul to a non-contractual, "apocalyptic" reading of many of the apostle's most famous, and most troublesome, texts. His strongly antithetical vision identifies "participation in Christ" as the sole core of Pauline theology and produces the most radical rereading of Romans 1-4 for more than a generation. Even those who disagree will be forced to clarify their views as never before.
RAGE : Anarchy Edition : Xbox 360
The Oxford handbook of apocalyptic literature
Apocalypticism, anti-semitism and the historical Jesus : subtexts in criticism
Armageddon : the cosmic battle of the ages
On the third day
Apostle of the last days : the life, letters and theology of Paul
Enoch : a man for all generations
Revealed wisdom and inaugurated eschatology in ancient Judaism and early Christianity
Apocalypticism, prophecy and magic in early Christianity : collected essays
Millennial dreams and apocalyptic nightmares : the Cold War origins of political evangelicalism
Persepolis and Jerusalem : Iranian influence on Apocalyptic Hermeneutic
Then
Apocalypse : a history of the end of time
1 Enoch : a new translation : based on the Hermeneia commentary
The apocalyptic literature
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 1, [Apocalyptic literature and testaments]
The Nordic apocalypse : approaches to Vǫluspá and Nordic days of judgement
A history of the end of the world : how the most controversial book in the Bible changed the course of Western civilization
The country of ice cream star
Theories of flight
The last man
The continuum history of apocalypticism
Apocalypse as utopian expectation (800-1500) : the apocalypse commentary of Berengaudus of Ferrières and the relationship between exegesis, liturgy and iconography
Seers, sybils and sages in Hellenistic-Roman Judaism
Studies in Isaiah 24-27 = The Isaiah Workshop = De Jesaja Werkplaats
Apocalypse : on the psychology of fundamentalism in America
Fallout 4 : Xbox One
1844 and the shut door problem
The millennial New World
Endless knight
Fallout 3 : Game of the year edition : Xbox 360
Eschatology in the Indo-Iranian traditions : the genesis and transformation of a doctrine
The Encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 3, Apocalypticism in the modern period and the contemporary age
The Sibyl and her scribes : manuscripts and interpretation of the Latin Sibylla Tiburtina, c. 1050-1500
Trajectories in Near Eastern apocalyptic : a postrabbinic Jewish apocalypse reader
Fallout. 4 : PlayStation 4
Power and place : temple and identity in the Book of Revelation
World without end : Christian eschatology from a process perspective
Contemporary apocalyptic rhetoric
Gog and Magog in early eastern Christian and Islamic sources : Sallam's quest for Alexander's wall
Fallout : New Vegas : Xbox 360, Xbox Live
City of mirrors
The biblical world. Vol. 2
The advent hope for human hopelessness : a theological study of the meaning of the second advent for today
Belief or nonbelief? : a confrontation
The roots of fundamentalism : British and American Millenarianism 1800-1930
Toward the millennium : messianic expectations from the Bible to Waco
Ultimate things : an introduction to Jewish and Christian apocalyptic literature
The 5th wave
The deliverance of God : an apocalyptic rereading of justification in Paul
The end of the age has come : the theology of Paul
Reel revelations : apocalypse and film
Dead of winter
Liberating the Temple Mount : apocalyptic tendencies among Jewish Temple activists
Equations of life
From apocalypticism to Merkabah mysticism : studies in the Slavonic Pseudepigraphia
Fallout. 3 : PlayStation 3
Cosmic battle and political conflict : studies in verbal syntax and contextual interpretation of Daniel 8
Apollyon : the destroyer is unleashed
Tribulation force : the continuing drama of those left behind
An angel directs the storm : apocalyptic religion and American empire
Wasteland 2 : director's cut : Xbox One
City of ruins : mourning the destruction of Jerusalem through Jewish apocalypse
The end of time : faith and fear in the shadow of the millennium
The rising : antichrist is born before they were left behind
The technomancer : PlayStation 4
Daniel's spiel : apocalyptic literacy in the book of Daniel
Left behind and the evangelical imagination
Essays on the Book of Enoch and other early Jewish texts and traditions
At the end of time : the eschatological expectations of the church
The New Testament library. Revelation : a commentary
Woman, mother, and bride : an exegetical investigation into the "ecclesial" notions of the apocalypse
Historical interpretations of the "fifth empire" : the dynamics of periodization from Daniel to António Vieira, S.J
The Greek apocalypse of Baruch (3 Baruch) in Hellenistic Judaism and early Christianity
The girl with all the gifts
The rediscovery of apocalyptic : a polemical work on a neglected area of biblical studies and its damaging effects on theology and philosophy
This title offers the first complete overview of the intellectual history of one of the most significant contemporary cultural trends - the apocalyptic expectations of European and American evangelicals - in an account that guides readers into the origins, its evolution, and its revolutionary potential in the modern world.
Left behind : a novel of the earth's last days
The dream never changes: a moonless, starless night without end. The road she walks is black, bordered with round, white pebbles or nubs of polished bone; she can't tell which but they're the only white in the darkness, marking her way through the night. In dreams and nightmares, Helen walks the Black Road. It leads her back from the grave, back from madness, back towards the man who caused the deaths of her family: Tereus Winterborn, Regional Commander for the Reapers, who rule the ruins of a devastated Britain. On her journey, she gathers her allies: her old mentor Darrow, the cocky young fighter Danny, emotionally-scarred intelligence officer Alannah and Gevaudan Shoal, last of the genetically-engineered Grendelwolves. Winterborn will stop at nothing to become the Reapers' Supreme Commander; more than anything he seeks the advantage that will help him achieve that goal. And in the experiments of the obsessed scientist Dr Mordake, he thinks he has found it. To Winterborn, Project Tindalos is a means to ultimate power; to Mordake, it's a means to roll back the devastation of the War and restore his beloved wife to the living. But neither Winterborn nor Mordake understand the true nature of the forces they are about to unleash. Forces that threaten to destroy everything that survived the War, unless Helen and her allies can find and stop Project Tindalos in time.
Longin for the end : a history of millennialism in western civilization
I saw the world end : an introduction to the Bible's apocalyptic literature
Gog of Magog : reuse of scripture and compositional technique in Ezekiel 38-39
Roots of apocalyptic. Vol. 1, The Mesopotamian background of the Enoch figure
The return of apocalypticism
The encyclopedia of apocalypticism. Vol. 1, The origins of apocalypticism in Judaism and Christianity
The apocalyptic son of man in the gospel of John
The pursuit of millennium
