http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17260 missiology
missiology
Too valuable to lose : exploring the causes and cures of missionary attrition
God and revelation in African context
"Time will show whether the term (glocal) will establish itself as more than a clever play of words. The following pages indicate that it may well deserve to be adopted as a meaningful ecclesiological concept. In fact, it might have been coined already on the basis of New Testament ecclesiology itself without the midwifery of today's globalization ... The New Testament church is ... universal and local at the same time. The universal, one and holy apostolic church appears in local manifestations. Missiologically speaking ... the church can take courage as she faces the increasing impact of globalization on local communities today. Being from her very birth both universal and concrete the church is geared for the challenging simultaneity of the global and the local. Our question to ask is how her dual nature may best be expressed to enhance her continuous witness to Christ - locally and globally." From the Foreword by Professor Emeritus Jan-Martin Berentsen.
Conversion in the Pacific : eastern Polynesian Latter-day Saints' conversion accounts and their development of a LDS identity
Robinson Crusoe tries again : missiology and European constructions of "Self" and "Other" in a global world 1789 - 2010 : selected essays
New Testament and mission : historical and hermeneutical perspectives
Foundations for mission
International bulletin of mission research
Missions in the third millennium : 21 key trends for the 21st century
Paradigm shifts in Christian witness : insights from anthropology, communication, and spiritual power : essays in honor of Charles H. Kraft
Missional church : a vision for the sending of the church in North America
God so loves the city : seeking a theology for urban mission
Although Pentecostalism worldwide represents the most rapidly growing missionary movement in Christian history, scholars from within and outside the movement have only recently begun academic reflection on the mission. This volume represents the coming of age of emerging scholarship on various aspects of the Pentecostal mission, including theological, historical, strategic, and practical aspects. The more than twenty authors from all five continents, men and women, academics, mission leaders, and practitioners, offer exciting perspectives on Pentecostal movements' contributions to the search of Christian unity in various global contexts.
Philosophy, science and theology of mission in the 19th and 20th centuries : a missiological encyclopedia. Part 2, Missionary theology
Stones to the living house : reflections on our missionary obligation in today's world
Faith in objects : american missionary expositions in the early twentieth century
Understanding church growth
Anthropology for Christian witness
Building for effective mission : a complete guide for congregations on bricks and mortar issues
World Missionary Conference, 1910. The history and records of the conference together with addresses delivered at the evening meetings
Toward an evangelical missiology of humanitarian aid ministry
The open secret : sketches for a missionary theology
The World Missionary Conference, Edinburgh 1910
Christianity encountering world religions : the practice of mission in the twenty-first century
Mission in the New Testament : an evangelical approach
Mission in the twenty-first century : exploring the five marks of global mission
Missiology
Leadership : the spirit and the structure : missiological perspectives for designing church and mission bodies
Dominicans, Muslims and Jews in the medieval crown of Aragon
Christian mission and interreligious dialogue
Conversion and contextual conceptions of Christ : a missiological study among young converts in Brazzaville, Republic of Congo
African peoples, alongside other peoples of all generations with good genuine religions have had a sound saving knowledge of the One, True God before Christianity was introduced to them. This is so because the Divine Spirit responsible for this inspiration is not restricted to Christianity. Rather, it is incarnated in every sound and good religion in all the ages of humankind. The main conclusion of my Doctoral Thesis as summed up above has already raised healthy debate in various circles in Kenya and elsewhere. It is hoped that this book will be accessible to more readers than the original Thesis, and that it will raise vigorous discussions on this and related themes. -- “This book is a challenge to all those involved in mission and dialogue in Africa. They are cautioned to avoid the temptation to demand of prospective African converts to abandon their religious heritage as a prerequisite for admission to the Church of Christ. Rather, prospective converts to the Christian faith should be encouraged to digest the Gospel in accordance with their own understanding within their respective cultures. Only through this process can the Gospel become internalized cross-culturally.” Prof. Frans Wijsen, Radboud University, Netherlands. -- “This book imposes on the reader an argument so forcefully articulated that it I difficult to refute. Anyone involve in Christian missionary activity in Africa would be wise to take the book very seriously.” Prof. J.N.K Mugambi, University of Nairobi, Kenya
New directions in mission and evangelization. 1, Basic statements 1974-1991
Mission in Christ's way : an Orthodox understanding of mission
Christ, history, and apocalyptic : the politicians of Christian mission
Dictionary of mission theology : evangelical foundations
God's empire : religion and colonialism in the British world, c. 1801-1908
Following Christ in mission : a foundational course in missiology
Construction of the other, identification of the self : German mission in India
The missionary nature of the church : a survey of the Biblical theology of mission
The ministry of the missional church : a community led by the Spirit
A reader's guide to Transforming mission
Christian presence amid African religion
Church growth : principles and praxis of Donald A. McGavran's missiology
Key to the missionary problem
Contextualization : meanings, methods and models
Mission under scrutiny : confronting current challenges
The globalization of Pentecostalism : a religion made to travel
Receiving "The nature and mission of the church" : ecclesial reality and ecumenical horizons for the twenty-first century
Addresses and Bible studies delivered at the Summit on Baptist Mission in the 21st century May 5-8, 2003, Swanwick, England
The first and the last : the claim of Jesus Christ and the claims of other religious traditions
Dominicans, Muslims and Jews in the Medieval Crown of Aragon
Mission in the third millennium
The church going glocal : mission and globalisation : proceedings of the Fjellhaug Symposium 2010
'Mission is a must' : intercultural theology and the mission of the church
The Gospel in a pluralist society
Research in church and mission
Global mission on our doorstep : forced migration and the future of the church
From crisis to creation : Lesslie Newbigin and the reinvention of christian mission
The unknown God : religious and theological interculturation
Pentecostalism in context : essays in honor of William W. Menzies
Mission in African christianity : critical essays in missiology
The church and cultures : new perspectives in missiological anthropology
God's mission in Asia : a comparative and contextual study of this-worldly holiness and the theology of Missio Dei in M. M. Thomas and C. S. Song
Grenzüberschreitungen - an introduction to the missiology of Horst Bürkle
The open secret : an introduction to the theology of mission
The Theology of the Christian mission
Missions from the majority world : progress, challenges, and case studies
Missiology in Finland
Outlines of missionary history
To stake a claim : mission and the Western crisis of knowledge
Constants in context : a theology of mission for today
Mangoes or bananas? : the quest for an authentic Asian Christian theology
Invitation to world missions : a trinitarian missiology for the twenty-first century
Mission and meaning : essays presented to Peter Cotterell
Concepts of mission : the evolution of contemporary missiology
Invitation to World Missions combines a strong biblical anchor with practical suggestions. This unique text is arranged in three parts according to the Trinity's roles, relationships, and activity. Tennent questions whether missions as currently conceptualized is adequate and he challenges the reader by building the book around key theological foundations such as "mission dei" and the "new creation" vision for the global church. This volume will call and enable the reader to understand how missions is biblically and theologically basic to Christianity, and how missions is essential to living out an abundant and impassioned life.
What is mission? theological axplorations
Philosophy, science , and theology of mission in the 19th and 20th centuries : a missiological encyclopedia. Part 1, The philosophy and science of mission
The church crossing frontiers : essays on the nature of mission : in honour of Bengt Sundkler
Pentecostal mission and global Christianity
Christian mission to Muslims : the record : Anglican and Reformed approaches in India and the Near East, 1800-1938
Mission in context : transformation, reconciliation, empowerment : an LWF contribution to the understanding and practice of mission
Reclaiming mission as constructive theology : missional church and world Christianity
Missiological themes in Nothern Europe
Changing partnership of missionary and ecumenical movements : essays in honour of Marc Spindler
Mission on the way : issues in mission theology
Mission and ministry in the global church
The Counter-Reformation : Catholic Europe and the non-Christian world
Towards an ecumenical paradigm for Christian mission : David Bosch's missionary vision
Poverty and mission : New Testament perspectives on a contemporary theme
Truth and authority in modernity
Translating the message : the missionary impact on culture
Ministering cross-culturally : an incarnational model for personal relationships
For the joy set before us : methodology of adequate theological reflection on mission
The recovery of mission : beyond the pluralist paradigm
Orthodox perspectives on mission
A theology of Christian mission : what should the church seek to accomplish
New directions in mission and evangelization. 3, Faith and culture
Christian mission : how Christianity became a world religion
Declare his glory among the nations
Edinburgh 2010 : witnessing to Christ today
Communicating Christ cross-culturally
New directions in mission and evangelization. 2, Theological foundations
The bridges of God : a study in the strategy of missions
Mission in the new millennium : theological grounds for world mission
The church between Gospel and culture : the emerging mission in North America
Partnership and power : a quest for reconstruction in mission
The third force in missions : a pentecostal contribution to contemporary mission theology
Classic texts in mission and world Christianity
"This volume provides an important resource for those wishing to gain an overview of significant issues in contemporary missiology whilst understanding how they are applied in particular contexts. Contributors from across the globe and from different Christian traditions explore foundations for mission. The chapters examine in what ways experience, the Bible, and theology are foundational for mission and how they together inform the missional thought of different traditions. The book also raises questions about the continued use of foundations as a helpful metaphor mission reflection and impetus. Graduate students and scholars surveying the field will find this a useful and accessible way to understand changing trends within mission studies." --Publisher's descriprion.
Letters to Father Aristotle : a journey through contemporary American Orthodoxy
Christian mission : a case study approach
Missions : biblical foundations & contemporary strategies
SCM studyguide to Christian mission : historic types and contemporary expressions
Transformation after Lausanne : radical evangelical mission in global-local perspective
The nonresidential missionary
Mission according to John R. W. Stott : a study with special reference to the Ecumenicals and Evangelicals
Salvation to the ends of the earth : a biblical theology of mission
