http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1723 certainty
certainty
Better preparations required for disruptions in basic banking services
A field guide to getting lost
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Enhancing the usability and availability of information infrastructure essential for securing the vital functions of society : final report
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
Understanding aggregate saving of households
Promoting the availability of secure telecommunications networks
Determinants of current account balances
Swedish summary.
Improving delivery reliability in inbound material flow in Metso Minerals Oy : analyzing problems with delivery delays
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
Reliability control for electronic systems
History and philosophy of science. 11, Evidence and meaning : studies in analytic philosophy
Employment regimes and the quality of work
Summary (s. 9-13).
"I don't believe the meaning of life is all that profound" : a study of Icelandic teenagers' life interpretation and values
How to be an agnostic
The risk of basic services in the Finnish financial market being disrupted during emergencies or other serious disruptions has grown as internationalisation has increased. At national level, Finland should prepare for a situation where the supply of foreign financial market services comes to a halt or significantly deteriorates..
Certainty as a social metaphor : the social and historical production of certainty in China and the West
IEA energy policies review : The European Union 2008
Certainty
Develop Your Assertiveness
Dynamic management of R&D under uncertainty and competition
A naïve sampling model of intuitive confidence intervals
In this work, Dhillo compiles information on designing modern engineering systems to reduce the time and expense required for maintenance, estimated by some to be typically over 60 per cent. He considers both traditional and innovative maintainability concepts and includes references.
Reliability and validity in research based on tapes and transcripts
Prognostics for industrial machinery availability : final seminar Espoo 12.12.2006
Access to justice : a conceptual and practical analysis with implications for justice reforms
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Understanding Wittgenstein's On certainty
The assessment of the uncertainty of updated stand-level inventory data
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
Backup and restore policy
Are you alone wise? : the search for certainty in the early modern era
The undercover philosopher : a guide to detecting shams, lies, and delusions
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
In quest of certainty : Bertrand Russell's search for certainty in religion and mathematics up to The principles of mathematics (1903)
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
Uncertainty in forest simulators and forest planning systems
Philosophical papers
Epistemology : the big questions
Ellie Andrews has second thoughts
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Interim summary report of the safety case 2009.
Establishing backup routine for test environment
Fooled by randomness : the hidden role of chance in life and in the markets
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
The black swan : the impact of the highly improbable
Antonio Rosmini : introduction to his life and teaching
The quest for certainty : a study of the relation of knowledge and action
A reliability analysis for the grinding process
Hermann von Helmholtz's mechanism : the loss of certainty : a study on the transition from classical to modern philosophy of nature
Realism in confidence judgements of semantic and episodic knowledge
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
Applicability of host identities in securing network attachment and ensuring service accountability
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
The quest for reality : Bohr and Wittgenstein : two complementary views
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Influence of growth prediction errors on the expected losses from forest decisions
Truly madly guilty
Development of purchasing parameters : Pernod Ricard Finland Oy
Internet Quality in Southern Ghana for Businesses : Vendor: Viope Solutions Oy
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
"After years of the welfare state, the rise of technology, combined with neoliberal governmental apparatuses, has established a new society of the precarious. In this new way of the world, productivity is not just connected to labor in the traditional sense of work hours, but more totally, to the formation of the self: work becomes performative and affective, and personal identities seep more and more into working ones. This new mode of being has another side, however: it can lead to new forms of self-organization, resistance and exodus. In it we see the emergence of a new and disobedient self-government of the precarious"--
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Information processing view on collaborative risk management practices in project networks
Practical reliability engineering
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
Finnish critical industries, maritime transport vulnerabilities and societal implications
Electromagnetic and thermal design of a multilevel converter with high power density and reliability
Reliability, quality, and safety for engineers
The art of practicing : a guide to making music from the heart
Certainty, assent and belief : an introduction to the logical and semantical analysis of some epistemic and doxastic notions especially in the light of Jaakko Hintikka's Epistemic logic and cardinal John Henry Newman's Discussion on certitude
Signal processing of power quality disturbances
Moore and Wittgenstein on certainty
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Creation of multimedia messaging system's backup and restore processes
What Alice forgot
Presence : bringing your boldest self to your biggest challenges
Bulletproof your job : 4 simple strategies to ride out the rough times and come out on top at work
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Implementation of a disaster recovery in a virtual environment
Wittgenstein and knowledge : the importance of On certainty
Use cases for operational decision support system
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
Software testing techniques : finding the defects that matter
The purpose of this thesis was to examine what would be the best combination of techniques to be used as a backup routine in a test environment with a predefined configuration. The study focused on the backup copying techniques, empirically testing of the properties of different techniques and on making conclusions based on the results of the tests. The study was carried out as a commission for a company. The research was carried out by first studying the theory of backup copying from previous researches. The second phase was to perform a series of empirical tests in the test environment setup by the employer. According to the tests, the differential incremental model should be favored over cumulative incremental model when backing up the researched environment. Based on the results differential incremental model with frequent full backups is very well suited for environments where most of the data changes regularly. The study concludes that running differential incremental backups with a reasonable cycle of full backups allows a good performance, efficient usage of storage and fast restores in case of disasters.
The science of conjecture : evidence and probability before Pascal
Figuring the self : subject, absolute, and others in classical German philosophy
Network-attached storage for small companies : case: Design Foundation Finland
Entrepreneurial orientation of Born Global firms in turbulent environment
Engineering maintainability : how to design for reliability and easy maintenance
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
The search for certainty : a philosophical account of foundations of mathematics
Readings of Wittgenstein's On certainty
Managing uncertainty in projects
Data backup and recovery, Mansoft BackMan application
Insecurity of young of young people : the meaning of insecurity as defined by 13-17-year-old Finns
Amy Cuddy shows how your body language influences others and even changes the way you see yourself. Social scientists have shown that we make sweeping inferences and judgements based on body language, judgements that can predict meaningful life outcomes like who we hire, who we promote, who we ask out on a date, who we invest in and who we trust. In Presence, Amy Cuddy reveals that we have the power not only to affect how others see us but also to change how we see ourselves and even the ability to alter our own chemistry, simply by changing body positions. Cuddy's research shows how faking body postures that convey competence and power (power posing) even for as little as two minutes changes our cortisone and testosterone levels, increases our appetite for risk, helps us perform better in job interviews and configures our brains to cope in stressful situations. If you act powerfully, you will begin to think powerfully.
Susan Schreiner argues that Europe in the 16th century was preoccupied with certainty, especially religious certainty. She analyzes the pervading questions about certitude & doubt in the terms & contexts of a wide variety of thinkers during this time of competing truths.
State of insecurity : government of the precarious
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
In both science and philosophy, the twentieth century saw a radical breakdown of certainty in the human worldview, as quantum uncertainty and linguistic ambiguity destroyed the comfortable certitudes of the past. As these disciplines form the foundation for a human position in the world, a major epistemological reorganization had to take place. In this book, quantum theorist Stig Stenholm presents Bohr and Wittgenstein, in physics and in philosophy, as central figures representing this revision. Each of them took up the challenge of replacing apparent order and certainty with a provisional understanding based on limited concepts in constant flux. Stenholm concludes that the modern synthesis created by their heirs is far from satisfactory, and the story is so far an unfinished one. The book will appeal to any researcher in either discipline curious about the foundation of modern science, and works to provoke a renewal of discussion, and the eventual emergence of a reformed clarity and understanding.
Descartes' Cogito : a reading of certainty of the existence of a thinking thing a Cartesian metaphysics
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
Epistemic meaning : a crosslinguistic and functional-cognitive study
On certainty
Wittgenstein's lasting significance
Wittgenstein's On certainty : there like our life
Probability and moral uncertainty in late medieval and early modern times
The girls
Abstract: The aim of supply chain management is the delivery and service chain optimization, cost reduction, increase in sales and enhanced customer service. In the Nordic countries, where the distances are long, it is normally necessary to maintain inventories. Another reason for inventories is often uncertainty. Inventories must be maintained as customers want fast shipping, but do not tell in advance when and how much they are going to buy different products. The supply chain management is a very practical activity. It is not solved by using statistical models, or by the IT systems. The most important part of the chain, are the people. The employees should, however, use mathematics and systems to help improve the efficiency of the supply chain.    The purpose of this work was to review old and define new purchasing parameters for Pernod Ricard Finland Oy and create a continuous process to define the parameters for the company by using mathematical and statistical methods. The goal of this research was to get better understanding of planning fluctuations and improve and define the planning parameters with fact based knowledge.    An action research study was carried out during autumn 2012 and spring 2013. This work initially examined the various theories to improve purchasing parameters, in particular the management of the safety stocks, and determined what kind of planning method should be used for planning various types of products in order to generate the best possible forecast with right information to suppliers and other parties.    Based on the theory new parameters for the purchase of Pernod Ricard Finland Oy were defined for certain products, implemented into system and the results were analyzed after few months. As the results of the research trial were promising the final result of the project was a new process and guidelines on how the purchasing parameters will be defined in the company.
Sense and certainty : a dissolution of scepticism
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
RCM : gateway to world class maintenance
World economic and social survey 2008 : overcoming economic insecurity
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
Decision making under uncertainity : the case of state-dependent preferences
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
The reliability of sense perception
