http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1722 uncertainty
uncertainty
"Worrying: A Literary and Cultural History is a unique approach to the inner life and its ordinary pains. It charts the emergence of our contemporary conception of worry, which originated with the Victorians and became established after the First World War as a feature of modernity. It was, for some writers between the Wars, the 'disease of the age.'Worrying considers the kind of worry-fearful, non-pathological, and hidden questioning about uncertain futures-which is every day. It offers a 'short' history of worry as it came into language in the early twentieth century and a 'long' history: an account of worry as the natural bedfellow of a world in which we try to live by reason and believe we have the right to choose. It finds in the worrier a peculiar contemporary sufferer, whose world is not only exceptionally familiar but deeply strange. This book suggests that when we take worry into account, we realize just how little we know of others.Offering an intimately personal account of an all too common human experience, and of a word that slips in and out of ordinary conversation so that it has become invisible in its familiarity, Worrying is a book about the sadness of everyday and how the modern world has shaped it"--
Fuzzy sets in the management of uncertainty
Antifragile : things that gain from disorder
Uncertainty, production, choice, and agency : the state-contingent approach
Uncertainty modelling and quality control for spatial data
Method for Calculation of Uncertainty of Test System
The list
Education and age ease uncertainty of income development
Managing uncertainty in organizational communication
Picturing the uncertain world : how to understand, communicate, and control uncertainty through graphical display
Entry mode choice in the context of perceived uncertainty
Influence of growth prediction errors on the expected losses from forest decisions
Risk, uncertainty and profit
Overharvesting of resources of unknown size
Swedish summary.
New directions in organizational psychology and behavioural medicine
Security : welfare, crime and society
The limits of transparency : ambiguity and the history of international finance
Controlling uncertainty : decision making and learning in complex worlds
Gray mountain : a novel
Managing uncertainty in projects
Boundaries and Agency in Climate Uncertainty : Encountering Traditional Knowledge at the Edges of Science
The uncertain mind : individual differences in facing the unknown
World economic and social survey 2008 : overcoming economic insecurity
The raw shark texts
Experimentation and uncertainty analysis for engineers
Induced investment and business cycles
The uncertainty in physical measurements : an introduction to data analysis in the physics laboratory
Uncertainty and structure as psychological concepts
Worrying : a literary and cultural history
Surveys in the economics of uncertainty
Equilibrium, welfare and uncertainty : beyond Arrow-Debreu
Maternal responsibility and changing relationality at the beginning of motherhood
Reckoning with risk : learning to live with uncertainty
Information processing view on collaborative risk management practices in project networks
Higher education graduates' employment and the uncertainty of working life
The effect of environmental uncertainty, management control systems and strategy on performance
The cunning of uncertainty
Patterns of political instability
This dissertation is comprised of three independent essays with the unifying theme of how uncertainty affects the macroeconomy. The first essay studies an incomplete market economy where the firm faces a non-trivial investment decision due to capital adjustment costs. The adjustment costs make the price of capital endogenous and help to explain the observed volatility of the returns to physical capital. The particular form of market incompleteness that is assumed in the essay is however not enough to match the observed price of risk. The essay contains also a technical contribution in showing how Arrow prices of contingent commodities can be used in computing the equilibrium in this class of models.The second essay studies the effect of population aging on asset prices. The modeling framework features deterministic transition paths for demographic structure and level of government expenditures along with aggregate uncertainty at business cycle frequency. The demographic transition leads to a projected increase of in tax rates that are needed to finance the government expenditures. This requires higher savings rates from households which reduces volatility of consumption growth and reduces the price of aggregate risk.The third essay is an empirical study which uses betting market data from the Swedish harness horse racing in conjunction with economic confidence indices. The main finding is that the risk attitudes of bettors that are reflected by the betting market data covary with the more traditional confidence measures in a reasonable way. The essay also contains a simple forecasting exercise which shows that the novel risk measure may also be useful in forecasting the industrial production. The results of the study are interpreted in terms of behavioral macroeconomics.
Subjectivity in valuation : case study on the Finnish biotechnology industry
The structure and effectiveness of internal control : a contingency approach
Risk savvy : how to make good decisions
Determinants of current account balances
Approximating competitive games with a large number of players
Uncertainty and surprise in complex systems : questions on working with the unexpected
Advanced stochastic models, risk assessment, and portfolio optimization : the ideal risk, uncertainty, and performance measures
Reshape your definition
Uncertainty, macroeconomic stability and the welfare state
Uncertainty and intelligent information systems
Dynamic management of R&D under uncertainty and competition
Does risk aversion accelerate optimal forest rotation under uncertainty
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Ellie Andrews has second thoughts
An artist in glass and light, Angel has loved with passion and fire -- and learned the true depths of sadness when what she loved was taken from her. When she first meets Miles Hawkins -- a solitary, distant man -- their mutual mistrust seems insurmountable. Hawk has never known what Angel has freely enjoyed, having experienced only cruelty and betrayal from the women in his life. But Angel is willing to risk everything that proud, silent Hawk cannot, as she strives to bring truth and love to a tormented soul who believes in neither. Yet giving her heart again could be a gamble with stakes too high and too painful for her to endure -- for she fears that, by loving Hawk, she will surely lose him.
Understanding family firms : case studies on the management of crises, uncertainty and change
Contemporary life and witchcraft : magic, divination, and religious ritual in Europe
What Alice forgot
Social analysis of security : financial, economic and ecological crime - crime (in)security and (dis)trust - public and private policing
Operation mode choice and efficiency in the context of perceived uncertainty : case of Finnish firms in Asia
Mitigating uncertainty in logistics outsourcing with ERP systems
Integrated management of groundwater and dependent ecosystems in a Finnish esker
"The 1986 article by Grossman and Hart "A Theory of Vertical and Lateral Integration" has provided a framework for understanding how firm boundaries are defined and how they affect economic performance. The property rights approach has provided a formal way to introduce incomplete contracting ideas into economic modeling. The Impact of Incomplete Contracts on Economics collects papers and opinion pieces on the impact that this property right approach to the firm has had on the economics profession. It shows that the impact has been felt sometimes in significant ways in a variety of fields, ranging from the theory of the firm and their internal organization to industrial organization, international trade, finance, management, public economy, and political economy and political science. Beyond acknowledging how the property rights approach has permeated economics as a whole, the contributions in the book also highlight the road ahead---how the paradigm may change the way research is performed in some of the fields, and what type of research is still missing. The book concludes with a discussion of the foundations of the property rights, and more generally the incomplete contracting, approaches and with a series of contributions showing how behavioral considerations may provide a new way forward"--
Propagation of financial shocks : empirical studies of financial spillovers
Trust : self-interest and the common good
Decision making and work processes in an international outsourced IT project : vendor perspective
With the renaissance of market politics on a global scale, precarious work has become pervasive. This edited collection explores the spread across a number of economic sectors and countries worldwide of work that is invariably insecure, dirty, low-paid, and often temporary and/or part-time. The first part of this cross-disciplinary book analyses the different forms of precarious work that have arisen over the past thirty years in both the Global North and South. These transformations are captured in ethnographically orientated chapters on sweatshops, day labour, homework, Chinese construction workers' unpaid contract work, the introduction of insecure contracting into the Korean automotive industry, and the insecurity of Brazilian sugarcane cutters. The case studies all shed light upon how the nature of work and the workplace are changing under the pressures of neoliberal capitalism and what this means for workers.The editors and contributors then detail some of the ways in which precarious workers are seeking to improve their own situations through their efforts to counter the growth of precarity under neoliberal capitalism, efforts that involve collectively exploring forms of resistance to work restructuring and the failures of traditional trade unions to fully engage with precarious work's growth. Illustrating the impacts of the expansion of precarious work, this book will appeal to students, academics and those generally interested in the issues of the global economy, the reworking of labour markets, the impacts of neoliberal capitalism and ethnographies of the working poor in various parts of the world.
Precarity, survival, change : China's ant tribes
Adapting to an uncertain climate : lessons from practice
Entrepreneurial orientation of Born Global firms in turbulent environment
Losing her job at New York City's largest law firm in the weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, Samantha becomes an unpaid intern in a small Appalachian community, where she stumbles upon dangerous secrets
Uncertainty management in acquisitions : what scenario analysis could offer
Being wrong : adventures in the margin of error
Lost at sea
Analysis of deviations and delays in aid disbursements
Future climate in world regions: an intercomparison of model-based projections for the new IPCC emissions scenarios
Moral uncertainty and its consequences
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
Rex's specs
Measurement uncertainty and probability
Calculated risks : how to know when numbers deceive you
The economic imagination : towards a behavioural analysis of choice
Risk and uncertainty : proceedings of a conference held by the International Economic Association
The beast
Uncertainty and the control of the drug discovery and development process
The innocents
Strange girls and ordinary women
Flexible budgeting under uncertainty : a real options perspective
Internal communication in a Nordic context : how do feelings of uncertainty influence employees' preferences about information in Nordea's IT unit?
Post Keynesian econometrics, microeconomics and the theory of the firm
Perceived employability : antecedents, trajectories and well-being consequences
The ability to predict future income is essential for the wellbeing of households. While there have been no major changes in Finnish households' income uncertainty over the past 25 years or so, there would appear to be some ingrained differences across population groups. Income uncertainty has been higher for the less educated than for the highly educated, while risks to the income of the self-employed are high relative to their expected income development. Public transfers have moderated the risks associated with earnings development, notably for the less educated. The significance of public transfer schemes for levelling out income development becomes more apparent as the population ages, with a larger share of the population reliant on public transfers to make ends meet..
Remnants : A Novel
Hateship, friendship, courtship, loveship, marriage
Agricultural policy uncertainty and anticipatory farm level adjustment : the case of direct payments and incentives for farmland investment
Aspects of definability
The contingent nature of life : bioethics and limits of human existence
Estimation and expression of measurement uncertainty in chemical analysis
Studies on macroeconomics and uncertainty
Prediction and interpolation of time series by state space models
The rose girls
Chance rules : an informal guide to probability, risk and statistics
The assessment of the uncertainty of updated stand-level inventory data
Experiencing uncertainty and feelings of anxiety in crosscultural project teams
The risk management of everything : rethinking the politics of uncertainty
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
Addressing human-induced uncertainty in fisheries management : social scientific and interdisciplinary solutions using Bayesian belief networks
Fuzzy surfaces in GIS and geographical analysis : theory, analytical methods, algorithms, and applications
Decision making under uncertainity : the case of state-dependent preferences
Uncertainty avoidance and risk management in supply chain planning : Electronic device manufacturer's mature, high- and low market risk products'  point of view
Financial fragility and investment in the capitalist economy : the economic legacy of Hyman Minsky, volume II
Surfing uncertainty : prediction, action, and the embodied mind
Antifragile : how to live in a world we don't understand
Modelling future timber price development by using expert judgments and time series analysis
The impact of incomplete contracts on economics
Pandora's risk : uncertainty at the core of finance
Explanations of effects of resource uncertainty in social dilemmas
Adaptive action : leveraging uncertainty in your organization
Feature enhancement and uncertainty estimation for recognition of noisy and reverberant speech
Leading in turbulent times : lessons learnt and implications for the future
Modes of uncertainty : anthropological cases
Measurement uncertainty : methods and applications
"The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm"--
Relational dialectics in intercultural couples' relationships
Uncertain science ... : uncertain world
The girls
Use cases for operational decision support system
Fuzzy fiction
The new novel from Liane Moriarty, the #1 New York Times bestselling author of The Husband's Secret, Big Little Lies, and What Alice Forgot, about how sometimes we don't appreciate how extraordinary our ordinary lives are until it's too late. "What a wonderful writer--smart, wise, funny." --Anne Lamott Six responsible adults. Three cute kids. One small dog. It's just a normal weekend. What could possibly go wrong? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty turns her unique, razor-sharp eye towards three seemingly happy families. Sam and Clementine have a wonderful, albeit, busy life: they have two little girls, Sam has just started a new dream job and Clementine, a cellist, is busy preparing for the audition of a lifetime. If there's anything they can count on, it's each other. Clementine and Erika are each other's oldest friends. A single look between them can convey an entire conversation. But theirs is a complicated relationship, so when Erika mentions a last minute invitation to a barbecue with her neighbors, Tiffany and Vid, Clementine and Sam don't hesitate. Having Tiffany and Vid's larger than life personalities there will be a welcome respite. Two months later, it won't stop raining, and Clementine and Sam can't stop asking themselves the question: What if we hadn't gone? In Truly Madly Guilty, Liane Moriarty takes on the foundations our lives: marriage, sex, parenthood, and friendship. She shows how guilt can expose the fault lines in the most seemingly strong relationships, how what we don't say can be more powerful than what we do, and how sometimes it is the most innocent of moments that can do the greatest harm.
Uncertainty in economics : readings and exercises
Gray mountain
Optimism and overharvesting in resource dilemmas
Sensitivity analysis in remote sensing
The black swan : the impact of the highly improbable
Neoliberal capitalism and precarious work : ethnographies of accommodation and resistance
Uncertainty analysis with high dimensional dependence modelling
"A literary and cultural exploration of worry and the modern mind"--
Uncertainties in the Finnish 2001 greenhouse gas emission inventory
A field guide to getting lost
A woman without lies
Risk perceptions and contingent valuations : conceptual issues and a measurement experiment
Encyclopedia of cryptozoology : a global guide to hidden animals and their pursuers
Uncertain business : risk, insurance, and the limits of knowledge
The great divide : unequal societies and what we can do about them
Preferences and decisions : models and applications
Team theory
"I find the defendant (most likely) quilty" : compensating uncertainty in judicial decision making in child sexual abuse cases
Valuing climate change mitigation : applying stated preferences in the presence of uncertainty
Risk analysis : assessing uncertainties beyond expected values and probabilities
Strategies for risk communications : evolution, evidence, experience
The philosophy of Keynes's economics : probability, uncertainty and convention
Cuts and clouds : vagueness, its nature, and its logic
Rationality for mortals : how people cope with uncertainty
Trust lies at the heart of our relationships, our society and our everyday lives. From fascinating puzzles about the biological origins of trust, to the wider social and political implications of trust in human society, this short but thought-provoking book explores how trust works, what makes it possible, and why it matters more than ever today.
Where love lies
From multidimensional and multi-scale data integration to uncertainties in spatial data mining, this book launches into areas that are rarely addressed. Topics covered include: -- New developments of uncertainty modelling, quality control of spatial data, and related research issues in spatial analysis -- Spatial statistical solutions in spatial data quality -- Eliminating systematic error in the analytical results of GIS applications -- A data quality perspective for GIS function workflow design -- Data quality in multi-dimensional integration -- Research challenges on data quality in the integration and analysis of data from multiple sources -- A new approach for imprecision management in the qualitative data warehouse -- A multi-dimensional quality assessment of photogrammetric and LiDAR datasets based on a vector approach -- An analysis on the uncertainty of multi-scale representation for street-block settlement.
Forecasting probability distributions of forest yield allowing for Bayesian approach to management planning
Statistical methods for incomplete speech data
Essays on the dynamic interactios between investments and corporate financing
Funny Once : stories
Truly madly guilty
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
The role of uncertainty in transaction cost and resource-based theories of the firm
Uncertainty in forest simulators and forest planning systems
Essays on higher moments in macroeconomics and finance
"This book is the outcome of a discussion meeting of leading scholars and critical thinkers with expertise in complex systems sciences and leaders from a variety of organizations sponsored by the Prigogine Center at The University of Texas at Austin and the Plexus Institute to explore strategies for understanding uncertainty and surprise. The book is intended for researchers and scientists in complexity science as well as for a broad interdisciplinary audience of both practitioners and scholars. It will well serve those interested in the research issues and in the application of complexity science to physical and social systems."--BOOK JACKET.
In a small, tight-knit Jewish suburb of London, one young man's pre-wedding panic illuminates the universal conflict between responsibility and passion / Library of Congress.
