http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1725 trust
trust
Trust and toleration
Trust inside a political organization : a case study of the Finnish Centre Party parliamentary group
Media and social inequality : innovations in community structure research
Conditions supporting trust development in relation to the perceived risks in Finnish-Russian business relationships
Confidence : overcoming low self-esteem, insecurity, and self-doubt
Integrity in Finnish public administration : theoretical aspects and perceptions of citizens based on the Citizen Survey 2008
How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?
Factors influencing the success and performance of Finnish companies in Japan
Shifty
Constructing leadership by storytelling   the meaning of trust and narratives
Principal's role in building trust with teachers for a better school climate in Chinese schools : a case study of a high school in Sichuan, China
Individual-level determinants of social capital in Europe : differences between country groups
West meets east : a study of cross-institutional business relationships between Finnish/Swedish and overseas Chinese firms
(Dis)honesty in management : manifestations and consequences
To trust or not to trust   a case of Finnish technology industry supply network
Abstract.
Heart-centered leadership : lead well, live well
Trusting strangers? : the hard case for the theory of trust
Employment relations : fairness & trust in the workplace
The Soviet Union, Finland and the Cold War : the Finnish card in Soviet foreign policy, 1956-1959
The magic of thinking big
Before I wake up..
Trust in international environmental cooperation in  Northwestern Russia
The research analysis of the green label's impact on the consumer purchase behavior
If loss in interbank confidence regarding banking sector balance sheets intensified the crisis in 2008, banks' faltering confidence in other banks' systems could cause the next crisis, experts warn. Confidence is vital to the financial system, and as account balances are situated in cyberspace, confidence in the numbers on the screen is of the utmost importance. From a practical point of view it is irrelevant whether a loss of confidence is due to the realisation of financial market risks or cyber risks..
The third dimension of changes during FOB succession : psychological change
The agile culture : leading through trust and ownership
The king's revenge
Ninefox gambit
Innovation Through Cooperation : The Emergence of an Idea Economy
Trust : from Socrates to spin
Trust-based cooperation : a key to more secured European Union
Joint planning in an alliance : underlying trust, information sharing and mechanisms in case partner companies
Correlates of innovation in knowledge worker teams
Relationship of trust and transaction costs in technology partnership
Trust in superior-subordinate relationship : an empirical study in the context of learning
Ethics codes in national administrations : a comparison of eight European countries
Knowledge of trust
Effects of the innovation sector on the success of forest resource governance in Russia
Trust in technology
Trust, ethics and human reason
Willful blindness : why we ignore the obvious at our peril
Building trust for users and consumers
Trust works! : four keys to building lasting relationships
Creating trust in institutions in Russian forest localities
Sell in good company : social capital as a strategic tool in the fine art auction business
Gift giving and trust
Niklas Luhmann's concept of trust : trust and its connections to norms, strangers and care
Independent and mediating effects of trust in leadership on employees' job satisfaction and organizational commitment
In this philosophical tour de force, Joseph J. Godfrey argues that trusting is a matter of what a person does--well or badly--and not at heart a matter of beliefs about someone. And believing someone's words is a manner of trusting. Trusting is central to the practice of theistic religion. And when trusting is analyzed and recognized as receptivity to enhancement, we uncover important links between ethics, social theory, epistemology, ontological modeling, fiducial argumentation regarding God, and modes of religious faith, and thus realize an expanded philosophy of religion.Godfrey develops four dimensions of trusting (reliance trust, I-thou trust, security trust, and openness trust) in the context of other philosophical approaches. The book engages, among others, Marcel Sarot, Paul Helm, and Richard Swinburne on ways of conceiving trust, James Ross and Mark Johnson on analogical meaning, Annette Baier on ethics, Russell Hardin on social and political theory, A. J. Coady and Richard Foley on epistemology, Dorothy Emmet and Gabriel Marcel on ontological modeling, and Richard Taylor, Donald Evans, Hans Kung, and Alvin Plantinga on arguments regarding God. The book then considers trust in religion, particularly in Christian theism. It delivers questions from a philosopher of religion to theologians, especially Christian theologians. Its conclusion offers a brief look at trust and evil. Employing tools of analytic, Continental, and Thomistic philosophy, Godfrey offers a wide-ranging reflection on the nature of trust. By proposing that trust directed towards people and reliance on language and the word of others connect with the fiducial core of religion, the book is a sustained exercise in trust seeking understanding.
Speak Out, Step Up, Act NO. Not only do we need more female leaders at the top, but we need more women at all levels of business, government, and nonprofits to step up-there's no time to waste. The problem, says Helene Lerner, isn't so much that women lack confidence but that they misunderstand what confidence really is. True confidence isn't fearlessness; it's having the courage to jump in even when your knees are shaking. Any woman who waits until she feels 100 percent confident before offering a big idea or asking for a raise or promotion will never get anywhere. Drawing on her own and other.
Trust in knowledge management and systems in organizations
Engagement at the workplace : the nature, cost and power of engaged work communities
The Confidence Myth : why Women Undervalue Their Skills, and How to Get Over It
The concept of trust : an interdisciplinary literature review and analysis
Strange girls and ordinary women
Trust : self-interest and the common good
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Examining consumers’ acceptance of social commerce in clothing e-retail
When We're Up Against It : Real Life Examples
The great ice-cream heist
The glass bird girl
A woman without lies
Standards and ethics for counselling in action
Context-aware and trust-based personal wellness information framework for pervasive health
Relationships in food chains : an empirical examination of trust, commitment and communication
Four concepts of network: from connectedness to object-oriented collaboration
Trust in buyer-supplier collaboration : the importance of personal relationships
Information processing view on collaborative risk management practices in project networks
Could a cyber attack lead to financial crisis?
Emerging Opportunities for NGO-Business Partnerships: Creating Partnerships for Igbo Women Forum in Nigeria
Fostering affective organizational engagement during radical strategic change
Upon the midnight clear
Commitment to welfare - a question of trust
Many manifestations of perceived trust in the wealth management context
Trust : a history
Trust creation and communication in Sino-Finnish business relationships
Trust, organizations and social interaction : studying trust as process within and between organizations
Starflight
Trust and partnership : strategic IT management for turbulent times
This book explores models and concepts of trust in a digitalized world. Trust is a core concept that comes into play in multiple social and economic relations of our modern life. The book provides insights into the current state of research while presenting the viewpoints of a variety of disciplines such as communication studies, information systems, educational and organizational psychology, sports psychology and economics. Focusing on an investigation of how the Internet is changing the relationship between trust and communication, and the impact this change has on trust research, this volume facilitates a greater understanding of these topics, thus enabling their employment in social relations.
Trust : analytic and applied perspectives
Organizational Identity and Trust
Horse sense for people : using the gentle wisdom of the join-up technique to enrich our relationships at home and at work
Today there is much talk of a 'crisis of trust'; a crisis which is almost certainly genuine, but usually misunderstood. Trust: A History offers a new perspective on the ways in which trust and distrust have functioned in past societies, providing an empirical and historical basis against which the present crisis can be examined, and suggesting ways in which the concept of trust can be used as a tool to understand our own and other societies. Geoffrey Hosking argues that social trust is mediated through symbolic systems, such as religion and money, and the institutions associated with them, such as churches and banks. Historically these institutions have nourished trust, but the resulting trust networks have tended to create quite tough boundaries around themselves, across which distrust is projected against outsiders. Hosking also shows how nation-states have been particularly good at absorbing symbolic systems and generating trust among large numbers of people, while also erecting distinct boundaries around themselves, despite an increasingly global economy. He asserts that in the modern world it has become common to entrust major resources to institutions we know little about, and suggests that we need to learn from historical experience and temper this with more traditional forms of trust, or become an ever more distrustful society, with potentially very destabilising consequences.
Dilemmas of trust
The last tiger
The Components of Rational Trust and the Power of Social Pressure
Factors inducing mistrust in local board's decision making
Cultural diversity and trust in virtual teams : the role of cultural differences in trust development process
Wolf won't bite!
Trust : cement of democracy?
A comparison between relationship marketing and social-psychological concepts of commitment
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
A question of trust
Antecedents of and their effect on trust in online word-of-mouth : case Finnish discussion forums
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
The artist's way workbook
Information processing in global virtual NPD projects
How can I be trusted? : a virtue theory of trustworthiness
Consumer trust in e-commerce : a feminist ethnographic study
Parts in the Rubik Cube : cultural background affecting the production of trust in Japanese MNC in multinational Amsterdam
Ninefox Gambit
Trust in public finance and service delivery : citizens' views towards the payment of taxes and public administrative accountability in Cameroon
Conceptualizing trust in global context with focus on international projects and operations
"We say we can no longer trust our public services, institutions or the people who run them. The professionals we have to rely on - politicians, doctors, scientists, businessmen and many others - are treated with suspicion. Their word is doubted, their motives questioned. Whether real or perceived, this crisis of trust has a debilitating impact on society and democracy. Can trust be restored by making people and institutions more accountable? Or do complex systems of accountability and control themselves damage trust? Onora O'Neill challenges current approaches, investigates sources of deception in our society and re-examines questions of press freedom. This year's Reith Lectures present a philosopher's view of trust and deception, and ask whether and how trust can be restored in a modern democracy."--Jacket.
Trust-embedded open innovation : towards a human-centric approach in the financial industry
This study examined the extent to which farmer cooperatives enjoy social capital within their memberships as they become internationalised. The empirical basis was a survey of farmers in Finland. Findings from limited dependent variable regression models suggest that one group of farmers is loyal to the cooperative and opposes its foreign investments. A second and a third group have lower levels of social capital and switch membership status between multiple cooperatives or opt out of cooperatives. These farmers welcome international investment. This finding was more significant for individual farm types than the social capital-linked opposition to internationalisation. A general conclusion is that the internationalization of cooperatives seems affect the members' trust in the cooperative differently. The increasing heterogeneity within the memberships may give rise to governance problems.
Mad about you
The confidence game : the psychology of the con and why we fall for it every time
Discursive identity battle and the reformation of organisational identity in an M&A process
The Association Between Ethical Leadership and Employee Outcomes - the Malaysian Case
Social cognitive determinants of hand washing : The relationship between trust in health information and hand washing behavior among young Finnish men
Trust as a strategy for handling uncertainty in private savings choices
Do households have rational expectations on future consumption? : Evidence from the Finnish Consumer Survey
Going straight
Establishing and communicating confidence in the safety of deep geologic disposal : approaches and arguments = Établir et faire partager la confiance dans la sûreté des dépôts en grande profondeur : approches et arguments
Philosophy in youth and community work
Trust lies at the heart of our relationships, our society and our everyday lives. From fascinating puzzles about the biological origins of trust, to the wider social and political implications of trust in human society, this short but thought-provoking book explores how trust works, what makes it possible, and why it matters more than ever today.
Extreme trust : honesty as a competitive advantage
The initial stages of consumer trust building in e-commerce : a study on Finnish consumers
Building customer's trust in mobile commerce context: A Qualitative study
Abstract: In the PR and Communications industry there has been a dramatic shift in the effectiveness of bought channels vs. earned media. The client of this research project, Miltton Oy has developed its PR and Communications business by focusing on earned media models successfully over the last 10 years. Miltton sees social media as the fastest growing earned media channel. Miltton Oy has expressed interest in finding how corporations can better use social media in corporate communications. While Finnish companies have been slower to accept social media, the situation is changing and they need to keep up with it. The research answers the question: "How can companies build and maintain trust in social media?". It has the purpose of providing the client with findings that can be used for pitching innovative social media consulting to potential customers. The research questions help the client clarify why social media is important for business and what are the best ways to utilize it taking into consideration the changing marketplace. The significance of the differences between web 1.0 and web 2.0 technologies are researched as an initial step. Furthermore the nature of web 2.0 as a dual way channel for communication is emphasized. It is apparent that traditional businesses must adapt to the increased liberalization of social media and adopt a different approach. Evidence suggests that instead of being focused on their products and services companies should try to build long lasting relationships with their clients. Different reasons for companies to enter the social media marketplace were explored. Companies pursue specific goals and try to extend their business operations in a new channel. Social media is utilized by companies for branding and reputation management, marketing and advertising, community management and customer service. Corporate communications are often incorporated in brand management. The findings indicated that marketing is used less and companies are orienting to build more honest relationships with their customers. Determining success factors and measuring them was the second area explored in more detail. Engagement proved to be a factor that companies consider very important. Furthermore it became apparent that ROI is difficult to measure in social media, as the quantitative metrics used fail to illustrate why conversations happen and what their sentiment and outcome is. Primarily quantitative in its nature ROI focuses on deriving the business value for activities and while a study proves that there is a correlation between financial performance and social media engagement the cause of that relationship is not causal. However a pattern was observed that 7 of the top engaging brands in social media utilize a customer mindset to conduct a healthy business cycle. Thirdly the amount of time and effort that companies spend developing their social media presence was examined. A minimum amount of 5-6 hours proved to be the common way of experimenting and integrating social media within businesses at a very basic level. A classification by Owyang and Altimeter Group showed that initial budgets of companies are quite modest while more experienced and mature companies were using almost the same amounts. Finally to put everything into the perspective of the Finnish market a consumer research on trust provided by the client of this research project was used. The main trust building factors for Finns were personal recommendations, having positive brand experience, brands being proactive, brands providing value not for the purpose of sales alone and being honest and transparent. These key findings helped bind the research together and devise an action plan that companies can use for their social media efforts in the Finnish market. It became apparent that in order to build trust through social media companies should concentrate on developing transparent and honest relationships with clients. Rather than pushing its marketing and advertising to the consumer the company would instead become attractive and pull people to its brand. The research showed social media is the correct platform for those trust factors. In order to fulfill them, companies would have to think less of what their brand wants to say and focus on what its stakeholder groups and clients would like to talk about and develop relationships around those conversations taking place in social media. As a conclusion it can be said that the marketplace has changed and people do not feel obliged to do business with brands just because of their image. Honest and transparent relationships can help brands become friends with their clients and establish trust. Social media is best suited as a relationship building tool, rather than a marketing tool. Through those relationships brands can become attractive enough for people to seek them out themselves.
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
National confidence in the judiciary
Management possibilities for interpersonal trust in a business network. Case: health-, exercise- and wellbeing markets
Towards a trust-based model of leadership within the leader-member exchange theory framework : a qualitative study of leaders' trustworthiness in the SME context
Do You Trust Your Boss? – A Jungian Analysis of Leadership Reliability in CSR
Handbook of research methods on trust
Trust in inter-organisational dyadic relationships
Subject expertise among teacher students of English and Swedish : the ideal language teacher and self-efficacy beliefs
The Economics of Trust in the Electronic Markets : an experimental study
An artist in glass and light, Angel has loved with passion and fire -- and learned the true depths of sadness when what she loved was taken from her. When she first meets Miles Hawkins -- a solitary, distant man -- their mutual mistrust seems insurmountable. Hawk has never known what Angel has freely enjoyed, having experienced only cruelty and betrayal from the women in his life. But Angel is willing to risk everything that proud, silent Hawk cannot, as she strives to bring truth and love to a tormented soul who believes in neither. Yet giving her heart again could be a gamble with stakes too high and too painful for her to endure -- for she fears that, by loving Hawk, she will surely lose him.
Blue heaven
Summary.
Transaction cost analysis in Sino-Western buer-supplier relationship : the roles of trust & guanxi
Trust of people, words, and God : a route for philosophy of religion
Trust in risk management : uncertainty and scepticism in the public mind
The nature of trust in inter-organizational relationships : in search of dimensions of trust
Industrial confidence predicting stock market returns : Nordic evidence
The universe has your back : transform fear to faith
Trust as a cornerstone of a civic society : editorial
The social animal : the hidden sources of love, character and achievement
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
More trust, less control - less work? : culture of trust as a basis of educational leadership and school improvement
The confidence game : why we fall for it ... every time
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
Come back, Como : winning the heart of a reluctant dog
The sisters
Trust, Organizations and Social Interaction aims to promote new knowledge about trust in an organizational context. The book provides case-analysis of how trust is formed through processes of social interaction in which actors observe, reflect upon and make sense of trust behaviour and its meaning in an organizational and social environment. It greatly contributes to clarifying what a process view may mean in trust research and to the understanding how social interaction processes affect trust.The contributing authors demonstrate how trust and distrust are produced and reproduced in a complex interplay with social processes and practices. Instead of asking how trust may be measured or how trust is a resource for managers, they explore how trust develops and how managers become intertwined with and caught up in trust processes.
Solara Brooks needs a fresh start, someplace where nobody cares about the engine grease beneath her fingernails or the felony tattoos across her knuckles. The outer realm may be lawless, but it's not like the law has ever been on her side. Solara indentures herself in exchange for passage to the outer realm. She just wishes it could have been to anyone besides Doran Spaulding, the rich, pretty-boy quarterback who made her life miserable in school. Then Doran is framed for conspiracy on Earth, and Solara cons him into playing the role of her servant on board the Banshee, a ship manned by an eccentric crew with their own secrets. It's been a long time since Solara has believed in anyone, and Doran is the last person she expected to trust. But when the Banshee's dangerous enemies catch up with them, Solara and Doran must come together to protect the ship that has become their home-and the eccentric crew that feels like family.
Communication and co-operation within intercultural multi-site project environment of a Case Company : Finland, Japan and the United Kingdom
Trust development in international joint ventures : a case study of Finnish-Indian joint venture
Impact of control and trust on international joint venture performance : an empirical examination of Sino-British joint ventures in China
Midnight thief
Culture and trust in global virtual teams : a case study in a multinational enterprise
Just call my name
Trust Inc. : 52 Weeks of activities and inspirations for building workplace trust
Trust in a product development context : drivers, dynamics and consequences
What role does trust play in network steering?
The secret to success
Farmers' reactions to the internationalisation of cooperatives
Swedish summary.
The influence of self-perceived, subjective attributes on investment behavior
Trust and communication in a digitized world : models and concepts of trust research
The effects of control and trust on joint venture performance : a case study of the joint venture success factors
Trust and security of electronic banking in Sudan
The secrets women keep
Luka lives in a world with no trees, no plants, no animals, but one day Luka meets the last tiger, and their friendship leads to an important discovery.
Headmaster-teacher relationship in leading school
Food safety legislation and control in the Russian federation : practical experiences
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
The language of flowers
Communicating trustworthiness in online stores
Impact of national culture on trust building in international business negotiation process : Case study of finnish business negotiation
Trust : a sociological theory
Trust and reciprocity : interdisciplinary lessons from experimental research
Life purpose boot camp : the 8-week breakthrough plan for creating a meaningful life
The effect of trust and control to innovative partnership
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
Driving heat
The development and management of interpersonal trust in a business network in health, exercise, and wellbeing markets
Help! : a story of friendship
In her latest book, The Universe Has Your Back,New York Times best-selling author Gabrielle Bernstein teaches readers how to transform their fear into faith in order to live a divinely guided life. Each story and lesson in the book guides readers to release the blocks to what they most long for: happiness, security and clear direction. The lessons help readers relinquish the need to control so they can relax into a sense of certainty and freedom. Readers will learn to stop chasing life and truly live.  Making the shift from fear to faith will give readers a sense of power in a world that all too often makes them feel utterly powerless. When the tragedies of the world seem overwhelming, this book will help guide them back to their true power.  Gabrielle says, "My commitment with this book is to wake up as many people as possible to their connection to faith and joy. In that connection, we can be guided to our true purpose: to be love and spread love. These words can no longer be cute buzz phrases that we merely post on social media. Rather, these words must be our mission. The happiness, safety, and security we long for lies in our commitment to love."   When readers follow this path, they'll begin to feel a swell of energy move through them. They will find strength when they are down, synchronicity and support when they're lost, safety in the face of uncertainty, and joy when they are otherwise in pain. Follow the secrets revealed in this book to unleash the presence of your power and know always that The Universe Has Your Back.
The king's shadow
Creating commitment : how to attract and retain talented employees by building relationships that last
Political trust : why context matters
"The central aims of this book are (1) to present an overview of the philosophical debate on trust in the last three decades; (2) to address a central issue in that debate, namely, the presumed prima facie conflict between trust and rationality; and (3) in the course of the analysis, to apply a non-essentialist understanding of psychological concepts, as developed in Wittgenstein's philosophical psychology. The task is not to judge between different definitions of trust. Instead we need awareness of what is implied in a given case when behaviour is singled out as an instance of trust. To invoke the vocabulary of trust and distrust in human interaction is both to describe it, to take a certain perspective on it and to influence it. This is also true in the philosophical debate itself. The issue of trust has been taken up in response to various theoretical conundrums. A dominant theme is the need to refute scepticism and show why trust can be embraced as a rationally justified pursuit. The author argues that this approach must in the end be self-refuting because it would lose the phenomenon it wants to justify. What emerges is instead a conception of rationality that includes the entire web of practices and ways of thinking that constitute human agency, including our ways of speaking about them. We are always already embedded in relations of dependence, we are ethically committed to each other as beings that trust and receive trust"--Bloomsbury Publishing.
Becoming a trustworthy leader : psychology and practice
"Doing inspires".
Captain Kel Cheris of the hexarchate is disgraced for using unconventional methods in a battle against heretics. Kel Command gives her the opportunity to redeem herself by retaking the Fortress of Scattered Needles, a star fortress that has recently been captured by heretics. Cheris's career isn't the only thing at stake. If the fortress falls, the hexarchate itself might be next. Cheris's best hope is to ally with the undead tactician Shuos Jedao. The good news is that Jedao has never lost a battle, and he may be the only one who can figure out how to successfully besiege the fortress. The bad news is that Jedao went mad in his first life and massacred two armies, one of them his own. As the siege wears on, Cheris must decide how far she can trust Jedao--because she might be his next victim.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The artist's way : a spiritual path to higher creativity
Antecedents to permission based mobile marketing: an initial examination
Many people have great ideas. Without the necessary skills and means most never get to realize them. If they could cooperate with competent firms and entrepreneurs together both could achieve much and this is increasingly happening. Mechanisms are being established making a division of labour between inventors and implementers a reality. This is changing the nature of innovation from an internal R&D, or purely entrepreneurial attempt, to a more cooperative innovation. An Idea Economy emerges, where anyone has the possibility to profit from their ideas, and everyone will benefit from more and better innovation. This book presents us the emergence and structure of the Idea Economy by extending the seminal concepts of Entrepreneurial Society and Open Innovation. Part I describes the big picture on how innovation is evolving, where we are today, and what an Idea Economy will look like. Part II points the way forward, discussing in detail on how cooperation in the innovation process works, and why this is only recently becoming possible.
Contention and trust in cities and states
Trust in a complex world : rebuilding community
The human brand : how we relate to people, products, and companies
"Proven methodologies to enhance business value by exploiting the latest global technology trends and best business and IT practicesThere is no doubt that a tidal wave of change is hitting the area of business technology; new business models are forming around the cloud, new insights on how an enterprise runs is being aided by mining massive transactional and operational data sets. Decision-making is becoming almost prescient through new classes of data visualization, data analytics, and dashboards. Despite the promise of technologies to make a difference, or perhaps because of it, IT organizations face continued challenges in realizing partnerships and trust with their business partners.While many books take on elements of these emerging developments or address the stubborn barriers to "real" partnership, none make the practices involved fit together in a highly effective fashion - until now. Strategic IT Management in Turbulent Times reveals how this framework ensures that organizations make the right strategic decisions to succeed in times of turbulence and change. Draws together authors with global experience including the Americas, Europe, Pacific Rim, and Africa Offers a comprehensive framework for IT and business managers to maximize the value IT brings to business Addresses the effects of turbulence on business and IT Focuses on developing partnerships and trust with business With practical examples and implementation guidance based on proven techniques developed by the authors over the past twenty years, Strategic IT Management in Turbulent Times considers the challenges facing today's enterprise, IT's critical role in value creation, and the practical road map for achieving strategic IT management competencies"--
Trust in educational leadership : Finnish way
Ethics as a major element of sustainability in educational leadership across Finnish education
