http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17280 underdevelopment
underdevelopment
Millions still go hungry
Abstract.
Modernization and the crisis of development in Africa : the Nigerian experience
On science and underdevelopment
Human development and the acquisition of advanced knowledge in Arab countries : the role of higher education, research and technological development
Austerity : the history of a dangerous idea
Food policy : integrating supply, distribution, and consumption
Enhancing socio-economic policies in the least developed countries of Asia
False start in Africa
The 5th world food survey
Poverty and undernutrition : theory, measurement and policy
People, food and recources
Africa rising? : BRICS - diversifying dependency
Crude domination : an anthropology of oil
Theories of underdevelopment
Human development report 2003 : Millennium development goals: a compact among nations to end human poverty
Millions across the world face the daily challenge to find enough food to survive. Hunger is on the rise globally, with more than 1.2 billion people suffering from food insecurity. Rising prices are further restricting food access. In this deeply informative study, Majda Bne Saad identifies the causes for global hunger embedded in the current global political and economic system and highlights the key challenges facing food deficit countries. She shows how Western countries share the blame for global hunger through their support for subsidies to agricultural production and biofuels, which have created new challenges to food security worldwide. Bne Saad argues that, as world population rises from 7 billion to 9.2 billion by 2050, there needs to be a 'second green revolution' to grow more food. She looks at the factors constraining low-income nations from achieving food security and considers policies which could generate income and enhance individuals' entitlement to food. --Publisher's description.
Theories and practices of development
The economics of underdevelopment
Aspects of development and underdevelopment
Completing the food chain : strategies for combating hunger and malnutrition
Development and underdevelopment : the political economy of inequality
The role of non-governmental organisations in the improvement of livelihood in Nepal
Feeding the world : a challenge for the twenty-first century
Escaping the poverty trap : lessons from Asia
Studies about contribution of leptin receptor in cardiovascular risk
The State of Food Insecurity in the World : meeting the 2015 international hunger targets : taking stock of uneven progress
Development economics
Coming to life : biotechnology in African economic recovery
International justice and the third world : studies in the philosophy of development
Hunger and entitlements
An inquiry into well-being and destitution
Persistence of underdevelopment : does the type of natural resource endowment matter?
Undernutrition in Sub-Saharan Africa : is there a sex bias?
Capitalism and underdevelopment in Latin America : historical studies of Chile and Brazil
Society, state and market : a guide to competing theories of development
Accumulation on a world scale : a critique of the theory of underdevelopment
"Supply chain management is a cross-functional business concept that includes, for example, logistics and operations management. In many organizations purchasing is now part of the supply chain management function. In addition, the age of the "triple bottom line" is upon us: the issue of sustainability seems certain to gain great momentum and a company is no more sustainable than the suppliers it sources from which means that a wealth of research is emerging that connects sustainability and purchasing and supply chain management. The textbook provides a comprehensive student guide to the field of Purchasing and Supply Chain Management and the links with environmental sustainability. Although there are a number of supply chain management textbooks available, those which cover sustainability at all do so with "bolt-on" chapters - an approach which fails to integrate the key issues. Aimed at the advanced undergraduate (i.e. year 2 or 3), Masters/MSc, or MBA student, this book integrates theory with practice while drawing on relevant industry case studies"--
The politics of development : an introduction to global issues
Development and underdevelopment in historical perspective : populism, nationalism and industrialization
The golden handshake of the first world : development research, developmentalism and take-off into development studies
'New ethnicities' under construction : Bangladeshi muslim women in Zadie Smith's White teeth and Monica Ali's Brick Lane
New generic technologies in developing countries
The sociology of modernization and development
Malnutrition and the infantile brain
World agriculture : towards 2015/2030 : an FAO perspective
Imperialism and underdevelopment : a reader
Underdevelopment and development : the Third World today: selected readings
"Supply chain management is a cross-functional business concept that includes, for example, logistics and operations management. For too long business has focused on short-term cost advantages through low-cost country sourcing with little regard for the longer-term implications of global sustainability. In many organizations purchasing is now part of the supply chain management function, however, a company is no more sustainable than the suppliers it sources from, which means that a wealth of research is emerging that connects sustainability, purchasing and supply chain management. Purchasing and Supply Chain Management provides a comprehensive guide to the environmental, social and economic challenges of how companies manage purchasing and supply chain. This text aims to inspire the development of current and future purchasing and supply chain leaders and evaluates how to develop strategic and sustainable purchasing and supply chain management. Although there are a number of supply chain management textbooks available, those which cover sustainability at all do so with "bolt-on" chapters - an approach which fails to integrate the key issues. Aimed at students, educators and practitioners the book integrates sustainability into each chapter as a core element of purchasing and supply chain management, and it does so through integrating theory with practice while drawing on relevant industry case studies"--
Conditions of hegemonic order and strategies for national development : the Philippine experience
The sociology of development
A farewell to alms : a brief economic history of the world
Auditory event-related potentials as indices of language impairment in children born preterm and with Asperger syndrome
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
The least developed countries 1987 report
Writings on development
Why developing countries fail to develop : international economic framework and economic subordination
'Looking at the other side of the coin' : the relationship between classical growth and early development theories
Imperialism and unequal development
Under-underdevelopment : a regional case study of the Kurdish area in Turkey
Field programme management : food, nutrition and development
The progress of nations 2000.
How Europe underdeveloped Africa
Development of industrial software supplier firms in the ICT cluster : an analysis of firm types, technological change and capability development
Purchasing and supply chain management : a sustainability perspective
Capitalism in the age of globalization : the management of contemporary society
Doctrines of development
The political economy of hunger. Vol. 2, Famine prevention
The crisis of poverty and debt in the Third World
The Political economy of hunger. Vol. 3, Endemic hunger
Protecting and promoting good nutrition in crisis and recovery : resource guide
The anthropological study of class and consciousness
The United States and the developing economies
Development begins at home : problems and prospects of the sociology of development
The global hunger crisis : tackling food insecurity in developing countries
Outsourcing training and development : factors for success
Maternal and child health in Kenya : a study of poverty, disease and malnutrition in Samia
Economic development, inequality and war : humanitarian emergencies in developing countries
Political change and underdevelopment : a critical introduction to Third World politics
Nordic firms in less developed countries : empirical study of the use of various operation modes and future prospects for the operation
Population and underdevelopment
Tsunami : responding to an unprecedented emergency
The political ecology of subsistence crisis in the Red Sea Hills, Sudan
Integrating quantitative and qualitative research in development projects
Undernourishment and economic growth : the efficiency cost of hunger
Angels of mercy or development diplomats? : NGOs & foreign aid
Analytical development economics : the less developed economy revisited
Integrated management of childhood illness : Bulletin of the World Health Organization, Vol 75,1/1997, Supplement 1.
The progress of nations 1999.
Developing countries : definitions, concepts and comparisons
Underdevelopment, transition and reconstruction in Sub-Saharan Africa
To win the war against hunger : an essay on new ways to solve global food supply
World agriculture : towards 2015/2030 : summary report
The political economy of hunger. Vol. 1, Entitlement and well-being
Resource abundance and economic development : improving the performance of resource-rich countries
The sociology of southeast Asia : transformations in a developing region
The trouble with Africa : why foreign aid isn't working
The impact of tobacco use and/or body composition on adult mortality in urban developing country population : results from the Mumbai cohort study, Mumbai, India, 1991-2003
The political economy of hunger : selected essays
