http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17296 private international law
private international law
Law-Decree no. 13 of 1979 on private international law
Commercial trusts in European private law
Bibliographie relative aux travaux de la Conférence (1945-1985) : mise à jour au 31 décembre 1985 = Bibliography relating to the work of the Conference (1945-1985) : up to date as of 31 December 1985.
Gesammelte Schriften = Collected works
Enforcement of foreign trusts in Finland
Soviet private international law
Choice of law and conflict of laws
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 4, Property: bills and notes : inheritance : trusts : Application of foreign law : intertemporal relations
Freedom of establishment and private international law for corporations
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws
Patent licensing and EEC competition rules regulation 2349/84
Law among nations : an introduction to public international law
Intellectual property in the global arena : jurisdiction, applicable law, and the recognition of judgments in Europe, Japan and the US
The Swedish conflict of laws
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol 1, Introduction : family law
Private international law in China
Recueil des conventions (1951-1988) = Collection of conventions (1951-1988)
Polarized law (with an English translation of the Hague conventions on private international law) : three lectures on conflicts of law, delivered at the University of London
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws. 1. supplement to the 12. edition
Public international law : comments on the Helms-Burton act
The conflict of laws : a comparative study. Vol. 3, Special obligations : modification and discharge of obligations
Essays in private international law
Conflict of laws
Conflict of laws in the integration of states
International responsibility for hostile acts of private persons against foreign states
The Finnish national reports to the 12. Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law : Sydney and Melbourne 18-26 August 1986
Borders of procedural and substantive law in arbitral proceedings (civil versus common law perspectives)
Private international law
A lawyer's guide to international business transactions. Part 3, Folio 5, United States legal aspects of international securities transactions
Cases and materials on private international law
Selected essays. Vol. 2, One law : on jurisprudence and the unification of law
Consumer protection through choice of law in cross-border e-commerce
Selected readings on conflict of laws
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. 2 Special part : jurisdiction, judgments, persons (family)
The law of conflicts and foreign trade
Registered partnerships in private international law : the Scandinavian approach
Cheshire and North private international law
Rupture in private international law: the effect of state succession
The English conflict of laws
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 3, Private international law : Fundamental approaches
The international civil engineering contract : a commentary on the F.I.D.I.C. international standard form of civil engineering and building contract
Cheshire's Private international law
Torts in the conflict of laws : a comparative study
The conflict of laws
Cases and materials on conflict of laws
Revision des internationalen Urheberrechts = Revision du droit d'auteur international = Revision of the international copyright
A lawyer's guide to international business transactions. Part 2
Cross-border security over receivables
Regulation of international finance
Dicey, Morris and Collins on the conflict of laws
Essays in international litigation and the conflict of laws
American-Brazilian private international law
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws : first cumulative supplement to the eleventh edition
Private international law in Finland : an outline
International conversion of companies in the European Union
The people, the environment, and the company : an examination of the tripartite dimesions of priorities relating to business judgments in multinational business organisations
The general principles of conflict of laws : with the exclusion of the special principles relative to the law of persons, property, succession and obligations
The influence of the Hague conference on private international law : selected essays to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Hague conference on private international law
Handbook of the conflict of laws
Three discussions on the conflict of laws : theory and comments on fundamental principles
Pacta sunt servanda and the different meanings of international commercial conciliation
Indian private international law
Statutes and conventions on private international law
Cases on private international law
International family law : conventions, statutes, and regulatory materials
An economic analysis of private international law
Services of general interest and European private law
Public policy and ordre public
Australian private international law
Private international law in mainland China, Taiwan and Europe
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws. 1.
International civil litigation in United States courts : commentary and materials
Law and practice of the obligations of the carrier over the cargo : The Hague-Visby rules
Outsourcing & proactive law : Way to sustainable contracting
Agency in private international law : the Hague Convention on the law applicable to agency
The law of corporations in a nutshell
British colonial law : a comparative study of the interaction between English and local laws in British dependencies
Latest developments in EU private international law
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Chapter 15, Private international law : Persons
Les clauses d'exception en matière de conflits de lois et de conflits de juridictions, ou le principe de proximité : XIVe Congrès International de droit comparé = Exception clauses in conflicts of laws and conflicts of jurisdictions, or the principle of proximity : XIVth International Congress of Comparative Law
Conflict of laws in a globalized world
Global reflections on international law, commerce and dispute resolution : liber amicorum in honour of Robert Briner
On first damand guarantees in international trade
A Host state regulatory right in Fair and Equitable Treatment (FET) in Bilateral Investment Treaties (BITs)
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Three discussions on the conflict of laws : Theory and comments on fundamental principles
Cheshire and North's private international law
Characterization in the conflict of laws
The international civil engineering contract. 1. supplement : comprising commentary on the 3. ed. of contract (international) for works of civil engineering construction with forms of tender and agreement
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 3, Private international law : Chapter 1 : Introduction
Private international law : a comparative treatise on American international conflicts law, including the law of admiralty. [1], General part
The Civil Code and the Code of Civil Procedure of the RSFSR 1964
Restatement of the law of conflict of laws
Global patents : limits of transnational enforcement
History and European private law : development of common methods and principles
Doubt develops where certainty ceases : foreign law in domestic courts
An outline of transport law : international rules in swedish context
International trust disputes
