http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17243 opinion magazines
opinion magazines
The article focuses on Finnish proverbs as a part of contemporary colloquial written language in everyday use and context. The article offers a view on what is happening with proverbs in the vernacular in Finnish everyday life. As empirical material this article uses a special case that demonstrates the use of proverbs in on Finnish newspaper: proverbs in SMS messages published as a letter to the editor in a newspaper.
Mothers of the nation : women's political writing in England, 1780-1830
Public opinion quarterly
The economy, media, and public knowledge
Discourses of differentiation : ethnic representations in newspaper texts
Journalists, administrators and business people on social problems : a study around the Baltic Sea
Media commercialization and authoritarian rule in China
Newspapers, politics, and public opinion in late eighteenth-century England
Underground : the London alternative press 1966-74
SMS messages in a daily Finnish newspaper : the context of proverb performances
Powers of the press : newspapers, power and the public in nineteenth-century England
South Africa's alternative press : voices of protest and resistance, 1880s-1960s
Finnish opinions on European integration : content analysis of selected articles from some Finnish journals in 1990
How did the New Left uprising of the 1960s happen? What caused millions of young people--many of them affluent and college educated--to suddenly decide that American society needed to be completely overhauled? Historian John McMillian shows that one answer to these questions can be found in the emergence of a dynamic underground press in the 1960s. Following the lead of papers like the Los Angeles Free Press, the East Village Other, and the Berkeley Barb, young people across the country launched hundreds of mimeographed pamphlets and flyers, small press magazines, and underground newspapers. New and cheap printing technologies had democratized the publishing process, and by the decade's end the combined circulation of underground papers stretched into the millions. Though not technically illegal, these papers were often genuinely subversive, and many who produced and sold them--on street-corners, at poetry readings, gallery openings, and coffeehouses--became targets of harassment from local and federal authorities. With writers who actively participated in the events they described, underground newspapers captured the zeitgeist of the '60s, speaking directly to their readers, and reflecting and magnifying the spirit of cultural and political protest. McMillian gives special attention to the ways underground newspapers fostered a sense of community and played a vital role in shaping the New Left's "movement culture.
Normative stories of the formative moment : construction of Estonian national identity in Postimees during the EU accession process
"From Sir, a constant reader of your Paper, N.C." : The Letter to the Editor in The Times of the Late Eighteenth Century
News and politics in the age of revolution : Jean Luzac's Gazette de Leyde
Stories of the "medicine cow" : representations of future promises in media discourse
English summary: Something old, something new : citizens' evaluations of the media and journalism during the "election funding criris".
Datura, or, A delusion we all see
We can't do this alone : Jefferson Hack the system
Adbusters : journal of the mental environment
Raging against the machine : New Internationalist : 30 years of campaigning for global justice
The power of the financial press : journalism and economic opinion in Britain and America
Freak art scrapbook : Chicago's Armory show in print, 1913
Conditionally one of "us" : a study of print media, minorities and positioning practices
Magazine design : how to affect a reader's values? : a study based on the project of creating design for the Ympäristö magazine
The alternative media handbook
Smoking typewriters : the Sixties underground press and the rise of alternative media in America
Proverbial expressions in newspapers : a study in Finland, Estonia, and Slovenia
Understanding alternative media
Public action
A haunt of fears : the strange history of the British horror comics campaign
