http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17229 drama (literature)
drama (literature) dramatic literature
OuterSpeares : Shakespeare, intermedia, and the limits of adaptation
The end of the world : an introduction to contemporary drama
The idea of a theater : a study of ten plays : the art of drama in changing perspective
The question of Hamlet
Death of a salesman : certain private conversations in two acts and requiem
The golden labyrinth : a study of British drama
The voyage of contemporary Japanese theatre
English drama : a modern viewpoint
Hamlet : William Shakespeare
Roman historical drama : the Octavia in antiquity and beyond
Spanish drama of the Golden Age
A history of English drama 1660-1900.. 1, Restoration drama 1660-1700
Drama from Ibsen to Brecht
A history of English drama 1600-1900.. 6, A short-title alphabetical catalogue of plays produced or printed in England from 1660 to 1900
World of Shakespeare : picture book
The palace of eternal youth
Modern drama : defining the field
T. S. Eliot's dramatic theory and practice : from Sweeney Agonistes to The Elder Statesman
The American drama since 1918 : an informal history
Woman and society in the Spanish drama of the golden age : a study of the Mujer Varonil
The tragic in French tragedy
The theatre of the absurd
A collection of dramatic sketches and monologues
The tragedy of Arthur : a novel
The neighbourhood (köşebaşi) : a play in three acts
Kabuki plays on stage. Volume 1, Brilliance and Bravado, 1697-1766
Oxford handbooks online. Literature
The apple cart : a political extravaganza
Playwriting : the first workshop
Noises off : a play in three acts
The merry wives of Windsor
Harry Potter and the cursed child. Parts one and two
The Kyogen book : an anthology of Japanese classical comedies
The Cambridge Guide to the Worlds of Shakespeare aims to replicate the expansive reach of Shakespeare's global reputation. In pursuit of that vision, this work is transhistorical, international, and interdisciplinary. "Shakespeare's World," volume one of the two volume set, maps out the physical, social, and imaginative world that Shakespeare and his contemporaries inhabited. Fourteen sections cover such fields as varied as the theatre business, science and technology, popular culture, and medicine. For each of the volume's broad subject areas, an overview article is followed by a series of shorter essays taking up particular aspects of the subject at hand. Richly illustrated with more than three hundred images, this book brings the world, life, and afterlife of Shakespeare to readers, from nonacademic Shakespeare fans and students to theater professionals and Shakespeare scholars.
An introduction to dramatic theory
Restoration stage comedies and Hollywood remarriage films : in conversation with Stanley Cavell
Synge and Anglo-Irish drama
British drama : an historical survey from the beginnings to the present day
The winter's tale
Shakespeare's storms
The tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice
Shakespeare and the idea of play
Testament of a critic
Pirandello and the modern theatre
Theater and literature in Russia 1900-1930 ; a collection of essays
Major plays of Chikamatsu
The theatre of protest and paradox : development in the avant-garde drama
Prefaces to Shakespeare. Volume 2
The unexpected man
The language of modern drama
Casebook on waiting for Godot
Dramatic technique
Molière : a collection of critical essays
Sri Harsa's plays : translated into English with full Sanskrit text
"How will you do for a husband?" : the enactment of wifehood in Shakespeare's Macbeth
Beckett, technology and the body
Hamlet : prince of Denmark
The Cambridge guide to the worlds of Shakespeare
Drama in the sixties : form and interpretation
Performance, madness and psychiatry : isolated acts
Plays
The tempest
The witch in history : early modern and twentieth-century representations
Reading plays : interpretation and reception
Kabuki plays on stage. Vol. 2, Villainy and Vengeance, 1773-1799
Reading drama : a method of analysis with selections for study
On thrones of gold : three Javanese shadow plays
Shakespeare's restless world
Contemporary British drama 1950-1976 : an annotated critical bibliography
Nordisk drama : fornyelser og transgressioner = Nordic drama : renewal and transgression : foredrag fra den 27. studiekonference i International Association for Scandinavian Studies
Farce
August : Osage County
Anthology of living theater
Shopping and fucking
Homosexual discourse in Tony Kushner's play Angels in America and its Finnish translation
Spanish drama of pathos : 1750-1808.. 2, Low tragedy
William Shakespeare : writing for perfomance
Chapters on the language in Ben Jonson's dramatic works
The theatre of revolt
Hag-seed : The Tempest retold
The future of drama
Playwriting : from page to stage
Kabuki plays on stage. Volume 3, Darkness and Desire, 1804-1864
The fastest clock in the universe
Chinese literature : popular fiction and drama
Will in the world : how Shakespeare became Shakespeare
Essays in the modern drama
Modern German drama : a study in form
The reader's encyclopedia of world drama
French drama of the inter-war years 1918 - 39
The sacred wood : essays on poetry and criticism
A midsummer night's dream : William Shakespeare
King Lear
Shakespeare's philosophy : discovering the meaning behind the plays
The house of shadows
The French theatre of to-day : an English view
A history of English drama 1660-1900.. 4, Early nineteenth century drama 1800-1850
Modern drama and the rhetoric of theater
BEST AMERICAN PLAYS / GASSNER.- CROWN
Staging place : the geography of modern drama
The playwright as thinker : a study of drama in modern times
100 Shakespeare films
A history of English drama 1660-1900.. 5, Late nineteenth century drama 1850-1900
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 2 : Early eighteenth century drama
"And then they found her body" : T. S. Eliot's corporeal Cocktail party
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 1 : Restoration drama 1660-1700
The plays of John Osborne
The theatre of commitment and other essays on drama in our society
Masters of the drama
The rough guide to Shakespeare : [the plays, the poems, the life]
Echoes of the rebellion : the year 1798 in twentieth-century Irish fiction and drama
Rama's later history : or Uttara-Rama-Charita an ancient Hindu drama by Bhavabhuti. Part 1, Introduction and translation
English drama from early times to the Elizabethans : its background, origins and developments
Drama in early Tudor Britain 1485 - 1558
The emperor Jones ; Anna Christie ; The hairy ape
Theatrical response
King Arthur's socks and other village plays
The problem of Hamlet : a solution
New Zealand drama 1930-1980 : an illustrated history
Shakespeare on toast : getting a taste for the bard
The life of the drama
The Tempest
I, Anatolia : a play for one actress
The modern Irish drama : a documentary history I : the irish literary theatre 1899-1901
Poetry and drama
How to talk about love : reaching for the lost language of endearment
Shakespeare's problem comedies
William Shakespeare stills stands head and shoulders above any other author in the English language, a position that is unlikely ever to change. Yet it is often said that we know very little about him – and that applies as much to what he believed as it does to the rest of his biography. Or does it? In this authoritative new study, Graham Holderness takes us through the context of Shakespeare’s life, times of religious and political turmoil, and looks at what we do know of Shakespeare the Anglican. But then he goes beyond that, and mines the plays themselves, not just for the words of the characters, but for the concepts, themes and language which Shakespeare was himself steeped in – the language of the Bible and the Book of Common Prayer. Considering particularly such plays as Richard ll, Henry V, The Merchant of Venice, Measure for Measure, Hamlet, Othello, The Tempest and The Winter’s Tale, Holderness shows how the ideas of Catholicism come up against those of Luther and Calvin; how Christianity was woven deep into Shakespeare’s psyche, and how he brought it again and again to his art.
Strindberg and Shakespeare : Shakespeare's influence on Strindberg's historical drama
Considering drama
Felix is at the top of his game as artistic director of the Makeshiweg Theatre Festival. His productions have amazed and confounded. Now he's staging a Tempest like no other: not only will it boost his reputation, it will heal emotional wounds. Or that was the plan. Instead, after an act of unforeseen treachery, Felix is living in exile in a backwoods hovel, haunted by memories of his beloved lost daughter, Miranda. And brewing revenge. After 12 years revenge finally arrives in the shape of a theatre course at a nearby prison. Here Felix and his inmate actors will put on his Tempest and snare the traitors who destroyed him. It's magic! But will it remake Felix as his enemies fall?
Three great plays of Shakespeare
American drama and its critics : a collection of critical essays
William Shakespeare : scenes from the life of the world greatest writer
Prefaces to Shakespeare. Volume 1
Modern Shakespearean criticism : essays on style, dramaturgy, and the major plays
Sandae : Korea's intangible cultural asset no. 2
Trout Stanley : a play
Drama from Ibsen to Eliot
Sunrise : a play in four acts
The theatre and dramatic theory
The faith of William Shakespeare
King Henry VI. Part 2 / edited by Ronald Knowles
Reading the apocalypse in bed : selected plays and short pieces
Selected essays
How to analyse drama
Psychological reflections : a new anthology of his writings 1905-1961
Murder in Baghdad : (Maʻsāt al-Ḥallāj) : prize-winning verse play in two acts
A view from the bridge : a play in two acts : with a new introduction
The publication of plays in London 1660-1800 : playwrights, publishers and the market
Includes 39 handbooks and 1550 articles.
Teahouse : a play in three acts
Pratimānātakam of Bhāsa
Sophocles : Antigone
Perspectives on drama
Feminist theories for dramatic criticism
The anatomy of drama : y Marjorie Boulton
Elements of drama
Shakespeare's folktale sources
A history of English drama 1660-1900.. Vol. 2, Early eighteenth century drama
The modern theatre : a study of dramatists and drama
Two plays ; The dilemma of a ghost ; Anowa
A bibliography of the Sanskrit drama : with an introductory sketch of the dramatic literature of India
Source and target text-orientation in drama translation : an analysis of four translations of William Shakespeare's Julius Caesar
The Oxford handbook of Shakespearean tragedy
Vikramorvasie or The hero and the nymph
What happens in Hamlet
New messengers : short narratives in plays by Michael Frayn, Tom Stoppard and August Wilson
Spanish drama of pathos : 1750-1808.. 1, High tragedy
The truthful lie : essays in a sociology of African drama
Codes and masks : aspects of identity in comtemporary Irish plays in an intercultural context
A preface to restoration drama
The origin of German tragic drama
Women in dramatic place and time : contemporary female characters on stage
Molière : the man seen through the plays
Translation studies
Shakespeare's imagery and what it tells us
Elizabethan drama 1558-1642 : A history of the drama in England from the accession of queen Elizabeth to the closing of the theaters, to which is prefixed a résumé of the earlier drama from its beginning. 1
Elizabethan drama 1558-1642 : A history of the drama in England from the accession of queen Elizabeth to the closing of the theaters, to which is prefixed a résumé of the earlier drama from its beginning. 2
Dario Fo : people's court jester
The 101 greatest plays : from antiquity to the present
The crucible
This exciting collection of essays explores the complex area of madness and performance. The book spans from the 18th century to the present and unearths the overlooked history of theatre and performance in, and about, psychiatric asylums and hospitals. The book will appeal to historians, social scientists, theatre scholars, and artists alike.
A history of English drama 1660-1900. Volume 3 : Late eighteenth century drama 1750-1800
Theatre at work : playwrights and productions in the modern British theatre: a collection of interviews and essays
Da : a play in two acts
Hapgood : a play
Reimagining Shakespeare for children and young adults
A Course of lectures on dramatic art and literature
The predecessors of Shakespeare : a survey and bibliography of recent studies in English Renaissance drama
An introduction to drama
The new comedy of Greece and Rome
Masterpieces of kabuki : eighteen plays on stage
Looking elsewhere : staging the New Woman as feminine subject
Shakespeare in performance
Sleeping around
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
The look of lyric : Greek song and the visual
Romeo and Juliet
King Richard III
Writing a play
Play index : an index to ... plays
King Henry VI. Part 1 / edited by Edward Burns
