http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17216 administrative matters
administrative matters
Managing knowledge
Systems and software engineering : systems and software quality requirements and evaluation (SQuaRE) - quality measure elements
Towards good governance in South-Asia
Mastering business in Asia : corporate governance
Record keeping in a hybrid environment : managing the creation, use, preservation and disposal of unpublished information objects in context
The making of foreign policy in China : structure and process
Summary: Developing the procurement of expert services.
Deployment of XML for office documents in organizations
Whose ideas matter? : agency and power in Asian regionalism
Managing people globally : an Asian perspective
The Foreign Office and foreign policy, 1919-1926
The cognitive world of Swedish security elites
Abstract (1 s.). - Summary: The parliamentary ombudsman - a study in public law (s. 378-386).
Information and documentation. Managing metadata for records. Part 2, Conceptual and implementation issues = Information et documentation. Gestion des métadonnée pour l'information et les documents. Partie 2, Concepts et mise en œuvre
Information and documentation. Managing metadata for records. Part 3, Self-assessment method = Information et documentation. Gestion des métadonnée pour l'information et les documents. Partie 3, Méthode d'auto-évaluation
The ombudsman, good governance, and the international human rights system
The Foreign Office and foreign policy, 1898-1914
Archives : recordkeeping in society
Implementing electronic archiving system at Oetjen Logistik GmbH
Constitutional conventions : the rules and forms of political accountability
Legislative XML for the semantic Web : principles, models, standards for document management
Postcolonialism and local politics in Southeast Asia
The records of the Foreign Office 1782-1939
Expert systems in public administration : evolving practices and norms
This study is a research work that focuses on Small and Medium sized Enterprises that are considering  implementing an Intranet system. The primary objective is to illuminate an intranet solution for  ChaguaIT.  Based on the assumption that the subscriber is new to intranet use, an introductory chapter on Intranet is explained, therefore providing a base platform for the reader to have a clear understanding on the importance of intranet use in today's business processes. The study discusses the various solutions free and commercial with intent of recommending the most suitable for ChaguaIT.  It further examines the case where by it evaluates the needs of the subscriber and correlate with the  readily available solutions. By so doing it recommends a course of action to meet the company demands. A trial version of the ideal solution was put to test and feedback collected through questionnaire was analyzed. The result of the study clearly showed that SME's could now reap the benefits formally realized only by large big spending corporations. This is as a result of the availability  and technological breakthroughs that have allowed for credible in-expensive solutions.
Law, politics and ombudsmen in the Lisbon era : 8th National Seminar of the European Network of Ombudsmen : Copenhagen, 20-22 October 2011
A manual of archive administration : including the problems of war archives and archive making
Human resource management in China revisited
As a celebration of Anne Thurston's pioneering work on records and archives management as an essential basis for demonstrating integrity in government, this excellent volume brings together scholars and practicing archivists to discuss key issues around records as evidence for accountability, transparency and the protection of citizens' rights. Never before have authors from the developing and developed worlds come together to explore the intersection of records management, public administration and international development. The book covers Thurston's work, the importance of records management for effective governance and digital records management and preservation in developing countries. Case studies from across Africa enhance the theoretical and practical perspectives taken by the authors. This book will be essential reading for scholars and students interested in records management and good governance around the world.
The archive in motion : new conceptions of the archive in contemporary thought and new media practices
Reenergizing local governance in Korea : a new era of decentralization
Talent assessment : a new strategy for talent management
Challenges for the Finnish foreign service in the 21st century : report by foreign minister Erkki Tuomioja to the Parliamentary Foreign Affairs Committee on 12 June 2001 dealing with the tasks and resources of the Finnish foreign service
Developing knowledge workers in the printing and publishing industries : education, training and knowledge management in the publishing supply chain from the creator to the consumer
Ready-made company minutes & resolutions
Public access to government-held information : a comparative symposium
A guide to outsourcing records management
Software engineering — Software product Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) — Quality requirements = Ingénierie du logiciel — Exigences de qualité et é́valuation du produit logiciel (SQuaRE) — Exigences de qualité
The spectre of comparisons : nationalism, Southeast Asia, and the world
Effective approaches for managing electronic records and archives
Induction in the foreign service
Software engineering -- Software product Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) -- Measurement reference model and guide = Ingénierie du logiciel — Exigences de qualité du produit logiciel et évaluation (SQuaRE) — Modéle de référence de mesure et guide
Information and documentation : risk assessment for records processes and systems = Information et documentation : évaluation du risque pour les processus et systèmes d'enregistrement
From Polders to postmodernism : a concise history of archival theory
Electronic evidence : strategies for managing records in contemporary organizations
Transition to a new online recruitment service : case Ministry of the Interior
What are competent diplomats made of? : exploring competency management in Finnish Foreign Service
Ministry of the Interior
The purpose of this thesis is to ascertain the challenges involved in the transition from traditional recruiting to a new online recruitment service. Heli online recruitment service has been created by the State Treasury and is intended for use by government agencies. The service was developed to make the administration of routine matters more effective, to modernize the State recruiting culture, and to increase personnel mobility within the state. It is also part of Finnish productivity and regionalization programs. The research method used in this study was qualitative. The empirical data was gathered by interviewing four employees of the Ministry of the Interior, between July and October 2009. The effects of the transition on recruitment efficiency were observed by analyzing them with the help of internal marketing, human resources management and employer image theories. The aim was to discover how this online recruitment service has changed the recruitment process and how this has benefitted the Ministry of the Interior’s image. The study results indicated that use of this service has significantly changed the recruitment process in the Ministry of the Interior. This service has modernized the recruitment culture and it has helped to promote governmental agencies as a prominent employer. Efficiency has increased, as many tasks can now be done electronically. The results indicated that there is still room for improvement. In order to develop the Heli service, it is crucial that the State Treasury and various governmental agencies co-operate. It can be stated that once the most critical faults have been corrected and the public is more familiar with the service, its full potential can be reached.
Information and documentation. International Standard Text Code (ISTC) = Information et documentation : Code international normalisé des textes (ISTC)
EU justice and home affairs law
The archives of the Finnish Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Experiencing totalitarianism : the invasion and occupation of Latvia by the USSR and Nazi Germany, 1939-1991 : a documentary history
The electronic document and its management in a distributed operating environment
Test case and test report management tooling : case MEHT
World environmental directory : North America (USA and Canada) : standard environmental reference since 1974.
Protecting and supporting human rights defenders : public guidelines of the Foreign Ministry of Finland on the implementation of the European Union guidelines on human rights defenders
The implementation and use of ERMS : a study in Icelandic organizations
Social work records
Israel & the world after 40 years
The coordination of the European Union : exploring the capacities of networked governance
Implementing an Intranet for an SME : Case study: Chagua IT
Records, rules and speech acts : archival principles and preservation of speech acts
Integrity in government through records management
Environmental governance in Europe and Asia : a comparative study of institutional and legislative frameworks
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Judicial review and the Community judicature : towards a new European constitutionalism?
Making bureaucracies think : the environmental impact statement strategy of administrative reform
Systems and software engineering — Systems and software Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) — Evaluation process = Ingénierie des systèmes et du logiciel — Exigences de qualité et évaluation des systèmes et du logiciel (SQuaRE) — Modèle de référence d'évaluation et guide
Information and documentation. Records management, Part 1, Concepts and principles = Information et documentation. Gestion des documents d'activité, Partie 1: Concepts et principes
From junior to senior expert : development and career paths for experts in central government
Separation of powers : documents and commentary
Canada's Department of External Affairs. Vol. 1, The early years, 1909-1946
Abstract.
Recommended operating procedures for sampling and analysing in the verification of chemical disarmament
Internationalization and foreign policy management
Document management for small business
Design for recordkeeping : areas of improvement
The master architects : building the United States foreign service 1890-1913
The life of a document : a global approach to archives and records management
The inner circle
Software engineering — Software product Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) — Data quality model = Ingénierie du logiciel — Exigences de qualité et évaluation du produit logiciel (SQuaRE) — Modèle de la qualité des données
Information systems
Records management in mobile work
Principles of adminstrative procedure in EC law
Information and documentation : work process analysis for records = Information et documentation : analyse du processus des "records"
The professionalization of Finnish local politics : findings from two pilot studies
Asian power and politics : the cultural dimensions of authority
The Law Relating to Consular Fees
Electronic document archiving in Häme Polytechnic
Shaping the perceptions of Finland : the official Finnish Information Bureau in Copenhagen 1918-1919
Abstract: The debate over expertice in cultural policy.
The Implementation and Use of ERMS - A Study in Icelandic Organizations
Abstract in English.
Nature in the global south : environmental projects in South and Southeast Asia
Rethinking good administration in the European Union : Sixth Seminar of the National Ombudsmen of EU Member States and Candidate Countries : Strasbourg, 14-16 October 2007
Artificial intelligence in finance & investing : state-of-the-art technologies for securities selection and portfolio management
Remapping East Asia : the construction of a region
"This is a book of fresh insights, perspectives, strategies, and approaches for managing electronic records and for addressing the implications for archival programs operating in a digital environment. The authors draw on firsthand experience to present practical solutions, including recommendations for building and sustaining strong electronic records programs." "This book addresses several themes, including: Historical development of digital technologies and their impact on records creation and record-keeping practices; Definition and concept of "electronic record"; Institutional and legal contexts for development of electronic records policies; Roles of archival and records management programs in broader digital initiatives for their parent institutions; Moving from theory to practice; and, Strategies for developing and sustaining successful programs, including leadership approaches, partnering with records creators, fostering development of new knowledge and skills abilities for information professionals, and adapting and customizing programs. Book jacket."--BOOK JACKET.
