http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1729 political integration
political integration
What kind of democracy, whose integration? : construction of democracy and integration into the EU of Estonia
The idea of a united Europe : political, economic, and cultural integration since the fall of the Berlin Wall
The European Union : history, institutions, economics and policies
The political dynamics of European economic integration
Pan-Europeanisation and political integration : towards a depoliticisation of the community?
Built to last : a political architecture for Europe
The uniting of Europe : political, social, and economic forces, 1950-1957
State-building in Europe : the revitalization of Western European integration
The united states of Europe : manifesto for a new Europe
The Baltoscandian confederation
Europe simple, Europe strong : the future of European governance
Big brother : the Soviet Union and Soviet Europe
International business : the new realities
European security in the new political environment : an analysis of the relationships between national interests, international institutions and the in pos-cold war European security arrangements
France and Germany at Maastricht : politics and negotiations to create the European Union
Transnational parties in the European Union
Economic integration in Southern Africa
The transformation of western Europe
State territoriality and European integration
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
The great European illusion : business in the wider community
The European Union and interregionalism : patterns of engagement
Structural changes in the international system and regionalisation
Korea : security pivot in Northeast Asia
European political cooperation documentation bulletin
Dynamics of Europe : europeanisation of the nation-state
Documents on the history of European integration. Vol. 3, The struggle for European Union by political parties and pressure groups in Western European countries 1945-1950
Interaction and "actor capability" : a survey of the theories of regional, political integration
The intergovernmental conference on political union : institutional reforms, new policies and international identity of the European Community
The changing patterns of hegemony and security in West Africa : the case of Ghana and Nigeria
Political integration and northern dimension of EU order
Carl Schmitt, geopolitics, and the political subject of Europe : three approaches
The European Community : the challenge of enlargement
The Third World coalition in international politics
1992 and after
Theoretical approaches to European integration
Collected courses of the Academy of European Law = Recueil des cours de l'Académie de droit européen : 1991. Vol. 2, 1, European Community law
Understanding the European Union : a concise introduction
The state of Germany atlas : Bernhard Schäfers
The European Union : readings on the theory and practice of European integration
The road to Europe : Irish attitudes 1948-61
Sometimes speaking with a single voice : the European Community as an international actor, 1969–1979
The European parliament : the three-decade search for a united Europe
European integration
Beyond sovereignty : territory and political economy in the twenty-first century
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
The European Community
European integration : the origins and growth of the European Union
The division system in crisis : essays on contemporary Korea
The passage to Europe : how a continent became a union
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
Recasting the European order : security architectures and economics cooperation
What holds Europe together?
Between sovereignty and integration
The new Europe : revolution in East-West relations
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy
Abstract: Studying th European Union: from grand integration theories to the study of governance, institutions and policy networks.
The politics of European integration : a reader
Multi-speed Europe? : differentiated integration in the external relations of the European Union
Political union : [Commission opinion of 21 October 1990 on the Proposal for amendment of the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community with a view to political union]
Societal actors in European integration : polity-building and policy-making 1958-1992
The uniting of Europe : from discord to concord
The European Community and the challenge of the future
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Integration and sovereignty : a historical analysis of the state in the European integration process from ECSC to EU
Coalition formation and social choice
East central Europe from reform to transformation
African integration and disintegration : case studies in economic a. political union
The Penguin companion to European Union
The stateless market : the European dilemma of integration and civilization
Communications and national integration in communist China
The United States of Europe
Structure and dimensions of European community policy
The question of Europe
Political accountability and the European integration
Denmark's policy towards Europe after 1945 : history, theory and options
Imagining Europe, imagining the nation : Estonian discussion on European unification, 1923-1957
The future of the nation state : essays on cultural pluralism and political integration
Towards greater Europe? : a continent without an iron curtain
The single European act
The dynamics of European Union
The tainted source : the undemocratic origins of the European idea
Holding China together : diversity and national integration in the post-Deng era
Maastricht and beyond : building the European Union
Europe in the 1990s : no stability in sight
The search for a unified Korea : political and economic implications
Network power : Japan and Asia
International theory and European integration
Documents on the history of European intergration. 2, Plans for European Union in Great Britain and in Exile 1939-1945
An ever closer Union : a critical analysis of the Draft Treaty establishing the European Union
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
"This volume represents the first English-language collection by the renowned Korean cultural and political critic Paik Nak-chung. Paik's omnipresent theme is the 'division system' on the Korean peninsula, the peculiar logic by which one nation remains divided into two states. These deeply humanistic essays foreground the needs of ordinary citizens and call for globally relevant solutions to Korea's divided reality."--Publisher's website.
Towards a United States of Africa?: combining Zambian and AU level debate
The federal future of Europe : from the European community to the European Union
The European Union transformed : community method and institutional evolution from the Schuman Plan to the constitution for Europe
Abstract: National legislatures and EU governance.
Devolution : the end of Britain?
The cost of Europe
Guide to the European community : the original and definitive guide to all aspects of the EC
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
"This major new text provides a uniquely broad ranging introduction to, and assessment of the contribution of, the whole range of theoretical approaches that have been applied to the analysis of European integration. It provides tools for understanding the underlying logic behind the political and economic debates that take place in the EU today." --
5 years of Poland in the European Union
Building European Union : a documentary history and analysis
As financial turmoil in Europe preoccupies political leaders and global markets, it becomes more important than ever to understand the forces that underpin the European Union, hold it together and drive it forward. This timely book provides a gripping account of the realities of power politics among European states and between their leaders. Drawing on long experience working behind the scenes, Luuk van Middelaar captures the dynamics and tensions shaping the European Union from its origins until today. It is a story of unexpected events and twists of fate, bold vision and sheer necessity, told from the perspective of the keyplayers – from de Gaulle to Havel, Thatcher to Merkel. Van Middelaar cuts through the institutional complexity by exploring the unforeseen outcomes of decisive moments and focusing on the quest for public legitimacy. As a first-hand witness to the day-to-day actions and decisions of Europe's leaders, the author provides a vivid narrative of the crises and compromises that united a continent. By revisiting the past, he sheds fresh light on the present state of European unification and offers insights into what the future may hold. --Publisher's description.
Policy-making in the European Union
Global politics : globalization and the nationstate
Who sings the nation-state? : language, politics, belonging
Korean politics : striving for democracy and unification
Preparing Europe for the 21. century : the Amsterdam Council and beyond
Euro-politics : institutions and policymaking in the "new" European Community
The new treaties : European Parliament proposals. 1993
