http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17209 social conflicts
social conflicts
Japan's minorities : the illusion of homogeneity
Storm and dissonance : L.M. Montgomery and conflict
Conflict resolution and ethnicity
Forming a culture of peace : reframing narratives of intergroup relations, equity, and justice
The essential writings of B. R. Ambedkar
"Paradoxes of Individualization" addresses one of the most hotly debated issues in contemporary sociology: whether a process of individualization is liberating selves from society so as to make them the authors of their personal biographies. The book adopts a cultural-sociological approach that firmly rejects such a notion of individualization as naive. The process is instead conceptualized as an increasing social significance of moral notions of individual liberty, personal authenticity and cultural tolerance, which informs two paradoxes. Firstly, chapters about consumer behavior, computer gaming, new age spirituality and right-wing extremism demonstrate that this individualism entails a new, yet often unacknowledged, form of social control. The second paradox, addressed in chapters about religious, cultural and political conflict, is concerned with the fact that it is precisely individualism's increased social significance that has made it morally and politically contested. "Paradoxes of Individualization" will therefore be of interest to scholars and students of cultural sociology, cultural anthropology, political science, and cultural, religious and media studies, and particularly to those with interests in social theory, culture, politics and religion.
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848-1861 meticulously analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War and the causes of that conflict"--
The emotional politics of racism : how feelings trump facts in an era of colorblindness
In popular perception cultural differences or ethnic affiliation are factors that cause conflict or political fragmentation although this is not borne out by historical evidence. This book puts forward an alternative conflict theory. The author develops a decision theory which explains the conditions under which differing types of identification are preferred. Group identification is linked to competition for resources like water, territory, oil, political charges, or other advantages. Rivalry for resources can cause conflicts but it does not explain who takes whose side in a conflict situation. This book explores possibilities of reducing violent conflicts and ends with a case study, based on personal experience of the author, of conflict resolution.
The role of asymmetric information in sequential resource dilemmas with unknown resource size
Social conflict and the city
The means to express conflict is through communication, and the means to manage and address conflict is also via communication. This handbook emphasises constructive conflict management from a communication perspective which places primacy in the message as the focus of conflict research and practice.
Victims of progress
The promise of mediation : the transformative approach to conflict
New directions in conflict theory : conflict resolution and conflict transformation
How enemies are made : towards a theory of ethnic and religious conflicts
Social conflict in the age of Justinian : its nature, management, and mediation
Rambo and the Dalai Lama : the compulsion to win and its threat to human survival
Political failure by agreement : learning liberalism and the welfare state
Divided societies : class struggle in contemporary capitalism
In review of greed and grievance theories : the causes of the civil war in Sierra Leone
Environmental crime and social conflict : contemporary and emerging issues
Violence, civil strife and revolution in the classical city, 750-330 BC
The complete works of George Orwell. Vol. 5, The road to Wigan Pier
Continuities in the study of social conflict
The functions of social conflict
Toleration : a critical introduction
Conflict
The republic in crisis, 1848-1861
The man of lawlessness
The dark side of close relationships
Rainbow pie : a memoir of redneck America
The book addresses the formation of the culture of peace by challenging the discourses, narrative frames and systems of values and beliefs that support and promote violence and conflict, defining new comprehensive approaches to human security, and by providing conceptual frameworks and methods for enhancing the processes of communicating peace in international relations, intra-national conflicts, peace education and peacebuilding. The book concentrates on the positive experiences and challenges of redefinition of conflict-based discourses and moral frames, re-humanization of former enemies, reframing narratives of intergroup relations, equity, and justice and offers valuable information as to the role of peace culture in conflict and post-conflict societies.
Radical street performance : an international anthology
Young people and community safety : inclusion, risk, tolerance and disorder
The revolution wasn't televised : sixties television and social conflict
A world of contradictions
The language of contention : revolutions in words, 1688-2012
"Bad old days" : the myth of the 1950s
Restoring civil societies : the psychology of intervention and engagement following crisis
The substance of social deviance
Mediation and conflict resolution in social work and the human services
Fights, games, and debates
A renegade history of the United States
Constructionist controversies : issues in social problems theory
The Mixquiahuala letters
"Restoring Civil Societies examines the role of civic engagement as a form of prosocial behavior motivated by a commitment to higher-order norms. Civic engagement--from bystander intervention to organizing collective activity--is distinguished as a collective effort by which individuals re-institute the civil basis of society in the wake of a social rupture, whether from war, natural disaster, or other causes. Restoring Civil Societies fills the gap between basic research on social issues and the translation into social policy or program interventions"--
Resolution of the Cyprus problem: squaring a circle? : an analysis of a protracted social conflict
Negotiation in social conflict
How do language policies in schools create inequalities among learners? How do policies marginalize some students while granting privilege to others? How do language policies in education serve the interests of dominant groups within societies? How can linguistic minorities further their interests through attempts to change language policies in schools? This new edition of Language Policies in Education takes a fresh look at these enduring questions at the heart of fundamental debates about the role of schools in society, the links between education and employment, and conflicts between linguistic minorities and mainstream populations. Reflecting developments in language policy since the publication of the first edition in 2002, all chapters are original and substantial contributions to the study of language policy and exemplify major theories and research methods in the field. Chapter authors are major scholars in language policy and critical language studies. The case studies, international in scope, present cutting-edge analyses of important language policy debates in countries around the world.
Narrative and the social dynamics of magical harm in late nineteenth- and early twentieth-century Finland
Ikki : social conflict and political protest in early modern Japan
Knowing and going separate ways - moral relevance and moral conflicts in teaching
Interest conflict and political change in Brazil
Vold's theoretical criminology
Marginalized in the middle
Conflict, citizenship and civil society
Research in social movements, conflicts and change. Vol. 18
The dark side of close relationships II
Institutions and social conflict
Essays on political morality
The determinants of the revolutionary disintegration of the state in Iran
Perspectives on communication in social conflict
Resolving social conflicts : selected papers on group dynamics
Conflict in Japan
Generational conflict within the Finnish army
The Spanish Republic and Civil War
Hand to mouth : the truth about being poor in a wealthy world
Exchange and power in social life
Summary: Historical abstracts (Santa Barbara, Cal.) 20 B (1974) s. 95.
Arts approaches to conflict
Losing face : status politics in Japan
Research in social movements, conflicts and change
The social psychology of intergroup conflict : theory, research and applications
Politics in deeply divided societies
The struggle for Amazon Town : Gurupá revisited
Something in the way she moves : dancing women from Salome to Madonna
"The Republic in Crisis, 1848,♯1861 analyzes the political climate in the years leading up to the Civil War, offering for students and general readers a clear, chronological account of the sectional conflict and the beginning of the Civil War. Emerging from the tumultuous political events of the 1840s and 1850s, the Civil War was caused by the maturing of the North and South's separate, distinctive forms of social organization and their resulting ideologies. John Ashworth emphasizes factors often overlooked in explanations of the war, including the resistance of slaves in the South and the growth of wage labor in the North. Ashworth acquaints readers with modern writings on the period, providing a new interpretation of the American Civil War's causes"--
Reaching out : interpersonal effectiveness and self-actualization
Conflict diagnosis and alternative dispute resolution
Seeing high & low : representing social conflict in American visual culture
The road to Wigan Pier
Paradoxes of individualization : social control and social conflict in contemporary modernity
Economics and social conflict : evil actions and evil social institutions in virtual worlds
Constructive conflicts : from escalation to resolution
The social psychology of group identity and social conflict : theory, application, and practice
South Africa : a study in conflict
Advances in intergroup contact
This book brings to life the classic thought experiment of a natural state. Provides data on the economic aspects of social conflict of 400.000 people living in a virtual anarchy; showing evil actions and rules exist from an economic perspective. Non-instrumental violence has economic effects and inciting people to fight are not overcome in time.
Competence in interpersonal conflict
The fairness effect on cooperation in asymmetric social dilemmas when equality is percieved as unfair
On the Boundary : About humans at the end of territory
To work or not to work? : a social dilemma analysis of health insurance
Advances in the visual analysis of social movements
Social Problems : Society in Crisis
Language policies in education : critical issues
"The Spanish Civil War has gone down in history for the horrific violence that it generated. The climate of euphoria and hope that greeted the overthrow of the Spanish monarchy was utterly transformed just five years later by a cruel and destructive civil war. Here Juliâan Casanova, one of Spain's leading historians, offers a magisterial new account of this critical period in Spanish history. He exposes the ways in which the Republic brought into the open simmering tensions between Catholics and hardline anticlericalists, bosses and workers, Church and State, order and revolution. In 1936 these conflicts tipped over into the sacas, paseos and mass killings which are still passionately debated today. The book also explores the decisive role of the international instability of the 1930s in the duration and outcome of the conflict. Franco's victory was in the end a victory for Hitler and Mussolini and for dictatorship over democracy"--
The award-winning first edition of "The Promise of Mediation," published ten years ago, is a landmark classic that changed the field's understanding of the theory and practice of conflict intervention. That volume first articulated the "transformative model" of mediation, which greatly humanized the vision of how the mediation process could help parties in conflict. In the past decade, the transformative model has proved itself and gained increasing acceptance. It is now being used in such diverse arenas as workplace, community, family, organizational, and public policy conflicts, among others. In this new edition, the authors draw on a decade of work in theory development, training, practice, research, and assessment to present a thoroughly revised and updated account of the transformative model of mediation and its practical application, including a compelling description of how the field has moved toward increasing acceptance of the transformative model a new and clearer presentation of the theory and practices of transformative mediation, with many concrete examples a new case study that provides a vivid picture of the model in practice, with a commentary full of new information about how to use it effectively clarifications of common misconceptions about the model a vision for the future that shows how the model can coexist with other approaches and where the "market" for transformative mediation is emerging This volume is a foundational resource on transformative practice, for both readers of the first edition and new readers - including mediators, facilitators, lawyers, administrators, human resource professionals, policymakers, and conflictresolution researchers and educators. More generally, this book will strike a chord with anyone interested in humanizing our social institutions and building on a relational vision of society.
The SAGE handbook of conflict communication
Nation in crisis : dimensions of national security and terrorism
Scientific realism and social psychological theorizing : a generalization and critical analysis of the role expectation conflict theory
Unruly masses : the other side of fin-de-siècle Vienna
Race and racism in modern East Asia : western and eastern constructions
Nobody : casualties of America's war on the vulnerable, from Ferguson to Flint and beyond
Conflict sociology : toward an explanatory science
"Focuses on different forms of civic engagement as an activity motivated by threatening intergroup contexts or a commitment to higher-order social norms"--
Interpersonal communication : readings in theory and research
A hacker manifesto
The meanings of violence
Seek : reports from the edges of America & beyond
