http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17219 self-control
self-control
China, state sovereignty and international legal order
Resilient identities : self-relationships and the construction of social reality
Before conflict : preventing aggressive behaviour
What is the quality of your management? : ISO 9004:2009 : self-assessment work book : what separetes successful from the average?
Mindfulness starts here : an eight-week guide to skillful living
Self-criticism and self-enhancement : theory, research, and clinical implications
How to deal with stress
Helplessness : on depression, development and death
The question book : what makes you tick?
How The Secret changed my life : real people, real stories
World-class leadership : leading yourself, your team, the world and the society
Virtue, vice, and personality : the complexity of behavior
A joosr guide to... always hungry?: Conquer Cravings, Retrain Your Fat Cells, and Lose Weight Permanently
Attention and self-regulation : a control-theory approach to human behavior
Starting up your skilled trade business enterprise : EFQM 2010 : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples
Women, food, and desire : embrace your cravings, make peace with food, reclaim your body
Vulnerable, guilty or on their own? : Institutional identities of substance abusing children and families within Finnish child welfare
The highly sensitive person : how to thrive when the world overwhelms you
Manifestation of impulsive behaviour : the role of contextual demands and reflective competence
Reason, virtue and psychotherapy
The anger alphabet : understanding anger : an emotional development programme for young children aged 6 to 12
The escape of the mind
The psychology of control
The 50th law
Handbook of self-regulation : research, theory, and applications
Understanding ourselves : why we do what we do
Has the developing world developed modern concepts of stress? Are coping methods the same around the globe? Such questions are not simple to answer, and until recently, few knew to ask them. In recent years, Western psychologists have recognized that their prevailing views of psychology do not always translate worldwide, and that no culture has a monopoly on either stress or coping. "The Handbook of Multicultural Perspectives on Stress and Coping" was created to address this realization. This unique volume moves beyond simple comparisons of behaviors in other countries by clarifying critical concepts in stress and coping, analyzing and synthesizing vast amounts of global data, and identifying constructs and methodologies necessary for meaningful cross-cultural research. An international, multiethnic panel of forty-five contributors presents elegant studies of stress, survival, and resilience as cultures evolve and countries interact, including: personal transformation as a coping strategy; psychological skills that enhance intercultural adjustment; individual versus collectivist values in coping; and Buddhist and Taoist traditions in coping. It provides details about the cumulative effects of historical, environmental, and political stressors on nations in the Middle East - Specific cross-cultural perspectives, from Latino-American families to Canadian aboriginal peoples to minority university students. The editors have assembled a vital store of knowledge, raising crucial implications for clinicians working with immigrant/international populations, and evaluating the current state of theory, research, and assessment. The Handbook documents major steps toward scientific advancement, and human understanding.
"Meditation changed my life" : A study of experiences of Finnish meditation practitioners in Tampere
Eat the cookie, buy the shoes : giving yourself permission to lighten up
The EFQM excellence model : 74 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
The urban monk : Eastern wisdom and modern hacks to stop time and find success, happiness, and peace
Motivation and self-regulation across the life span
Addiction and responsibility
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before It controls you!
Self-regulation interventions and strategies : keeping the body, mind and emotions on task in children with autism, ADHD or sensory disrorders
How to relax
ADHD and the nature of self-control
Anger & conflict management pocketbook
Life strategies : doing what works, doing what matters
Giving an account of oneself
The EFQM excellence model for educational institutions : self-assessment work book : 34 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Mental models for managers : frameworks for practical thinking
A step by step : guide to becoming a millionaire
Environmental management ISO 14001 & EMAS: self-assessment work book : 44 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Willpower : rediscovering the greatest human strength
Ethical habits : a Peircean perspective
Self-control as a prerequisite for constructive behaviour
Life lessons for loving the way you live : 7 essential ingredients for finding balance and serenity
Learned helplessness : a theory for the age of personal control
The society of timid souls, or, how to be brave
Youth work quality assessment : the self and peer assessment model
Socially shared regulation of motivation and emotions in collaborative learning
Human learned helplessness : a coping perspective
Personal control in action : cognitive and motivational mechanisms
Self-control at the heart of successful development
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : 35 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book..
Deploying the integrated management system : quality, environment, and health and safety self : self-assessment work book : 59 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
Striving and feeling : interactions among goals, affect, and self-regulation
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Willpower : why self-control is the secret of success
Environmental management system ISO 14001:2004 & EMAS : self-assessment work book : 38 searching questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful  from the average?
Eat that frog! : 21 great ways to stop procrastinating and get more done in less time
Professionalism : real skills for  workplace  success
What is self-government? How has it been related to mental health? In recent years Foucauldian analyses of the history of psychiatry have dominated the answers to these questions. Through an examination of the twentieth-century mental hygiene movement in Britain that uses previously unavailable archives and little-used primary literature, this book provides a counter-argument. Ironically taking as its template Michel Foucault's early interpretation of moral treatment and its status as a defining moment in the trajectory of modern psychiatry, this book places the mental hygiene movement within the broad sweep of modern British psychiatric history. It unfolds the combined psychological and political understandings of self-government that have informed important elements of psychiatry and become associated in particular with the promotion of mental health. From moral treatment, to theories informing nineteenth-century social casework, to the emergence and development of the mental hygiene movement, to its replacement by a consumer oriented and rights based movement, this book traces how conceptualisations of self-government and mental health have been transmitted and gradually transformed.
"From the worldwide bestselling author of Eat Pray Love: the path to the vibrant, fulfilling life you've dreamed of.  Readers of all ages and walks of life have drawn inspiration and empowerment from Elizabeth Gilbert's books for years. Now this beloved author digs deep into her own generative process to share her wisdom and unique perspective about creativity. With profound empathy and radiant generosity, she offers potent insights into the mysterious nature of inspiration. She asks us to embrace our curiosity and let go of needless suffering. She shows us how to tackle what we most love, and how to face down what we most fear. She discusses the attitudes, approaches, and habits we need in order to live our most creative lives. Balancing between soulful spirituality and cheerful pragmatism, Gilbert encourages us to uncover the "strange jewels" that are hidden within each of us. Whether we are looking to write a book, make art, find new ways to address challenges in our work,  embark on a dream long deferred, or simply infuse our everyday lives with more mindfulness and passion, Big Magic cracks open a world of wonder and joy"-- Provided by publisher
Self-efficacy in changing societies
Offers a "bible" for success in life and work that advocates living by one simple principle: fear nothing
Starting up your professional service enterprise : self-assessment work book : 31 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
The leader, the teacher & you : leadership through the third generation
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
The gifts of imperfection : let go of who you think you're supposed to be and embrace who you are
Mind over medicine : scientific proof you can heal yourself
What is addiction?
Self-traps : the elusive quest for higher self-esteem
Psychological perspectives on self and identity
Learning to cope : developing as a person in complex societies
Crucial conversations : tools for talking when stakes are high
The seven habits of highly effective people : restoring the character ethic
Private speech : from social interaction to self-regulation
Human helplessness : theory and applications
Manage your anger
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
The science of self-control
Guilt, shame, emotion regulation, and social cognition : understanding their associations with preadolescents' social behavior
Process management : 32 good questions and contrasting pairs of examples : self-assessment work book
Take the stairs : 7 steps to achieving true success
TaiChi : the chinese art of healing and defence
Opportunistic resource and network management in autonomous packet access systems
Essentialism : the disciplined pursuit of less
Overcoming anger and irritability : a self-help guide using cognitive behavioral techniques
Taking ourselves seriously & getting it right
Designing your life : how to build a well-lived, joyful life
The development of emotion regulation and dysregulation
Locus of control : current trends in theory and research
Social work and empowerment
10% happier : how I tamed the voice in my head, reduced stress without losing my edge, and found self-help that actually works : a true story
Parenting without power struggles : raising joyful, resilient kids while staying cool, calm and collected
Trends and prospects in motivation research
Handbook of multicultural perspectives on stress and coping
'Deep work' is the ability to focus without distraction on a cognitively demanding task. Deep work will make you better at what you do, achieve more in less time and provide the sense of true fulfilment that comes from mastery of a skill. And yet most people have lost the ability to go deep - spending their days instead in a frantic blur of e-mail and social media, not even realising there's a better way. A mix of cultural criticism and actionable advice, Deep Work takes the reader on a journey through memorable stories - from Carl Jung building a stone tower in the woods to focus his mind, to a social media pioneer buying a round-trip to Tokyo to write a book free from distraction in the air - and surprising suggestions, such as the claim that most professionals should quit social media and that everyone should practise being bored. Deep Work will point the way to anyone seeking focused success in a distracted world.
Big magic : creative living beyond fear
The marshmallow test : understanding self-control and how to master it
The dance of anger : a woman's guide to changing the patterns of intimate relationships
Highly intuitive people : 7 right-brain traits to change the lives of intuitive-sensitive people
Miracles now : 108 life-changing tools for less stress, more flow, and finding your true purpose
The origin of everyday moods : managing energy, tension, and stress
Self-knowledge/self-regulation/self-control : a ubiquitous computing perspective
Scream : chilling adventures in the science of fear
Born to win : transactional analysis with gestalt expriments
Losing control : how and why people fail at self-regulation
Drinking-related locus of control as a predictor of drinking after treatment
The secret to success
Employee worktime control and health
The caring teacher's guide to discipline : helping students learn self-control, responsibility, and respect, K-6
Subjects of aspiration : Untersuchung von diskursiven Prozessen neoliberaler Regierung in einer postfeministischen Frauenzeitschrift
Modernity's wager : authority, the self, and transcendence
Consciousness in interaction : the role of the natural and social context in shaping consciousness
Autonomous agents : from self-control to autonomy
Handbook of self-regulatory processes in development : new directions and international perspectives
The wellness syndrome
Managing your self : management by detached involvement
The practicing mind : developing focus and discipline in your life : master any skill or challenge by learning to love the process
The caldron of consciousness : motivation, affect and self-organization - an anthology
Self-efficacy, adaptation, and adjustment : theory, research, and application
Rheumatoid arthritis patient education and self-efficacy
Social networking and impression management : self-presentation in the digital age
Andy Puddicombe, founder of the much publicised Headspace, is on a mission: to get people to take 10 minutes out of their day to sit in the here and now. Here he shares his simple to learn, but highly effective techniques of meditation. Accessible and portable, these powerful techniques promise amazing results.
A process-based approach to effective management : ISO 9001 : self-assessment work book : 57 probing questions and contrasting pairs of examples : what separates the successful from the average?
How to think like Leonardo Da Vinci : seven steps to everyday genius
Psychologist Daniel Kahneman reveals the truth about our intuitions and rationality to teach us how to better our lives. He explores the fascinating flaws and marvels of human behaviour and reveals to us the common errors in people's beliefs.
Positive drinking : control the alcohol before it controls you!
Examines the process of practice as it relates to learning, and shows that it can build discipline and clarity, and be a fulfilling process in and of itself.
The 4-hour work week
Get some headspace
Mindfulness on the go : peace in your pocket
Mental hygiene and psychiatry in modern Britain
Thinking, fast and slow
Cooperative interference and radio resource management in self-organizing small cell networks
Handbook of mental control
Confidence in a minute : 10 steps to getting what you want fast
Environmental management system ISO 14001 : self assessment work-book
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
Coaching college students with AD/HD : issues and answers
Handbook of self-regulation
