http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17291 clause types
clause types sentence types
Comparing the structure of Finnish OVS clauses in subtitles and film dialogue
Studies on copular sentences, clefts and pseudo-clefts
The development of complex sentences : a case study of Finnish
The case of the subject in negative sentences in Finnish
Word order in European Uralic
Aspects of language
Case marking of subject phrases in modern standard Estonian
Non-finite embedding or abbreviated subordinate clause?
The expression of negation
On criteria for description of sentence types
Noun phrases in translated and non-translated news texts from Finnish and British online news services
"The view that questions are 'requests for missing information' is too simple when language use is considered. Formally, utterances are questions when they are syntactically marked as such, or by prosodic marking. Functionally, questions request that certain information is made available in the next conversational turn. But functional and formal questionhood are independent: what is formally a question can be functionally something else, for instance, a statement, a complaint or a request. Conversely, what is functionally a question is often expressed as a statement. Also, verbal signals such as eye-gaze, head-nods or even practical actions can serve information-seeking functions that are very similar to the function of linguistic questions. With original cross-cultural and multidisciplinary contributions from linguists, anthropologists, psychologists and conversation analysts, this book asks what questions do and how a question can shape the answer it evokes"--Provided by publisher.
Persuasion in preaching : a study on John Wesley's and Charles Spurgeon's evangelistic sermon styles
Parenthesis as a resource in the grammar of conversation
Cross-linguistic studies on relative constructions in European languages are often centred on standard varieties as described in reference grammars. This volume breaks with the tradition in that it investigates relative constructions in non-standard varieties from a multidisciplinary perspective and addresses a crucial question: what does Europe's typological panorama actually look like?
Khanty analytical relative constructions
Small clauses in English : the nonverbal types
Deconstructing Harry : on syntactic aspects of readability in the Finnish translation of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Extraposition as a textual device
Patterns of lexis in text
Nykysuomen modukset. 1, Kvalitatiivinen analyysi = Mood in present-day Finnish. 1, Qualitative analysis
Language acquisition studies in generative grammar : papers in honor of Kenneth Wexler from the 1991 glow workshops
About the most characteristic cases of Russian influence on Karelian interrogative sentence
Impersonal sentences in Finnish and Russian : syntactic and semantic properties
Constructions as conceptual blends : a cognitive semantic approach to the Finnish existential sentence
Abstract.
Parentheticals
When-clauses and the temporal interpretation of narrative discourse
Case and other functional categories in Finnish syntax
"Shiner the sun?" : question development in the writing of Finnish learners of English
On partitive and syntactic variation
Papers from the Eleventh Scandinavian Conference of Linguistics. Vol. 1
Narrative structure and discourse constellations : an analysis of clause function in biblical Hebrew prose
Zero transitive clauses in Erzya and Finnish
The noun phrase in early sixteenth-century English : a study based on Sir Thomas More's writings
On Halliday's distinction between embedded and hypotactic clauses
Interrogative clauses and verb morphology in L2 Swedish : theoretical interpretations of grammatical development and effects of different elicitation techniques
Papers from the workshop on Bantu relative clauses
Summary.
Language typology and syntactic description. Vol. 1, Clause structure
Typology of Finnish word order
A syntactic approach to the teaching of Finnish
Finnish A'-movement : edges and islands
Relative constructions in European non-standard varieties
Proceedings from the 8th Nordic Conference on English Studies
Complementation : a cross-linguistic typology
Clefting in J. D. Salinger's The catcher in the rye
Questions : formal, functional and interactional perspectives
Degrees of dependence : a note on indirect WH-questions in written Modern English
Subordinate clauses in three English translations of Tove Jansson's Moomintroll novels
Scandinavian sentence-types
The comment clause in English : syntactic origins and pragmatic development
Clause Structure in South Asian Languages
Extratextual factors affecting word order in Finnish and English
Feature distribution in Swedish noun phrases
The substitution principle of A. M. Peshkovsky in prosodic system of Udmurt
Linking form and meaning : studies on selected control patterns in recent English
Position of relative clauses in early English
A comparative grammar of British English dialects : modals, pronouns and complement clauses
