http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17352 suicide attempts
suicide attempts
Oxford textbook of suicidology and suicide prevention : a global perspective
Abstract.
High noon
"Told in alternating voices, when Theodore Finch and Violet Markey meet on the ledge of the bell tower at school--both teetering on the edge--it's the beginning of an unlikely relationship, a journey to discover the "natural wonders" of the state of Indiana, and two teens' desperate desire to heal and save one another"
The investigation
Girl, interrupted
Joshua Jones' life is falling apart: he's lost his job, his wife has left him for another woman, and he's been kicked out of his flat. On the precipice of homelessness and defeat, he has a chance encounter with a beguiling stranger, Angela, triggering a series of surreal events that will blow his world wildly off course. Angela, an impulsive femme fatale, has also reached a low point. Seeking refuge from her troubles in the arms of a stranger, they share an intimate moment of tenderness in a cafe. But as she walks away from Josh, she steps quite deliberately into the path of an oncoming bus. As Angela lies in a coma, Josh - magnetically drawn to her and unable to shake the effects of their brief but powerful encounter - pretends that he is her boyfriend, inextricably binding their fates. But as his obsession grows, so does the danger of his situation. With his life continuing to unravel, he begins to question his own sanity until the shocking discovery of Angela's real identity finally reveals the chilling truth about himself. The Half Life of Joshua Jones is a striking blend of psychological drama and romantic fairy tale, full of dark humour, mystery and wonder that will grip you from first page to last.
Persons who attempt suicide : social characteristics, social network and significant others
The Luminaries : a novel
The suicide of Claire Bishop : a novel
Attempted suicide in Helsinki during 1989-1997
Abstract in Swedish.
All my puny sorrows
The Sunset Limited
The burn journals
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
Personality disorders and suicide : theory and research
Attempted suicide in Helsinki : mental disorders and treatment received
The half life of Joshua Jones
Growing trend in the use of antidepressants among young people in Finland in 2000-2010
All the bright places
Changes in adolescents' cognitive and psychosocial funtioning and self-image during psychiatric inpatient treatment
Childhood social exclusion and suicidal behavior in adolescence and young adulthood
Young people and mental health
Completed and attempted suicides in relation to weather and daylight in Finland : register based study from 1969 to 2010
The clinical science of suicide prevention
The apartment : collector's edition
The skeleton twins
Her pain is constant. And the danger is real. Monica suffers from chronic neuropathic pain. Every second of her life is spent in agony, and she is coping with it the best she can. However, there are whole years of her life which are a blur to her. Then Monica finds a suicide note, in her handwriting, saying she is going to end it all. Did she write it? She has no memory of doing so and as she reads the message again, she begins to suspect that someone tried to kill her once - and now they're trying to do so again.
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour:the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
A man called Ove
Risk factors and pathways leading to suicide with special focus in schizophrenia : the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort Study
The pact : a love story
Only one life
The angels' share
The suicide and homicide risk assessment & prevention treatment planner
Psychosocial problems of children placed in children's homes
Long-term outcome of DSM-IV major depressive disorder in psychiatric care
The merry gentleman
Love live long
Elfrieda, a world-renowned pianist, glamorous, wealthy, happily married: she wants to die. Yolandi, divorced, broke, sleeping with the wrong men as she tries to find true love: she desperately wants to keep her older sister alive. But Elf's latest suicide attempt is a shock: she is three weeks away from the opening of her highly anticipated international tour. Can she be nursed back to "health" in time? Does it matter? As the situation becomes ever more complicated, Yoli faces the most terrifying decision of her life.
Chain of events
Cry of pain : understanding suicide and the suicidal mind
Suicidal behaviour in bipolar disorder
Our happy time
Multidisciplinary approach : psychosocial network as a support system for a suicidal adolescent
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Suicide attempters : drug overdose patterns and ratings of suicidality
Helping children and young people who self-harm : an introduction to self-harming and suicidal behaviours for health professionals
Professional paradigms of suicide prevention : evolving a conceptual model
Cognition and suicide : theory, research, and therapy
Epidemiology of psychotic disorders
Suicide risk management : a manual for health professionals
Summary.
A long way down
The social construction and subjective meaning of attempted suicide
Suicidal ideation and attempts among psychiatric patients with major depressive disorder
Characteristics of intoxicated children and adolescents referred to emergency department
Mental disorders among burn patients
Acute drug poisoning : outcome and factors affecting outcome
Deliberately self-poisoned adolescents at the emergency clinic of Turku University Hospital, Finland, in 1997-1999
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences:a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences : a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Long-term outcome of depressive disorders in primary health care
Epidemiology of Psychotic Disorders
Treating suicidal behavior : an effective, time-limited approach
City rats
Saving Phoebe Murrow
Depressed adolescents grow up : prevalence, course and clinical risk factors of non-suicidal self-injury, suicidal ideation and suicide attempts
