http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17353 anticipation
anticipation
"The second paper places the research within the social realm. How is the individual capacity for transformed by 'lived experience'?" -- p. [2].
Design and evaluation of self-healing solutions for future wireless networks
Staying safe at school
Towards strategic intelligence : foresight, intelligence and policy-making
Instruments, tools and policies to anticipate the effects of industrial change on employment and vocational qualification
Superforecasting : the art and science of prediction
Now - after
Societal security : guideline for incident prepareness and operational continuity management /.
Identifying barriers to forecast accuracy and forecast utilization in sourcing : technical and organizational perspective
Exploring the usefulness of genre-specific linguistic features in English word prediction
My dad thinks he's funny
Early warning indicators of banking crises
Preparing for the Inevitable : Alzheimer’s disease and the Importance of an Early Diagnosis and Advanced Care Planning
Anticipatory look-ahead fixations in real curve driving
Training programs for maintenance organizations
Never saw it coming : cultural challenges to envisioning the worst
Forecasting commodity prices and the price risk management at Kone Corporation
From bottom to up : foresight framework in an educational organization competence foresight
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance management
Swedish summary
Earnings management and IPOs : a review of the 1990ś in Finland
Hazard identification methods
The Role of a firm’s mindset in international success : case study of Finnish marine industry firms
Regional Electricity Market Design
Early prediction of reading : phonological awareness and related language and cognitive skills in children with a familial risk for dyslexia
Climate change, species range shifts and uncertainty : a new era of conservation planning
"Written by veteran law enforcement and family counseling professionals, the second edition of this guidebook shows students and parents how to stay safe at school. The book pinpoints personal safety issues of importance to all educators and explains how to analyze schools for security risks. It also includes proven methods for averting crime, improving school safety, and avoiding becoming a victim. Additional chapters explore teachers liability and rights and discuss the concept of emotional survival"-- Provided by publisher.
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
The reality of precaution : comparing risk regulation in the United States and Europe
Complete guide to preventive and predictive maintenance
The purpose and use of passenger ships in 2058 : future scenarios generated by the Delphi method
Introduction to proactive law : a business lawyer's view
The business of leadership : adding lasting value to your organization
Perspectives on the utility of linguistic knowledge in English word prediction
Hazards analysis : reducing the impact of disasters
Data mining and predictive analytics
Disaster risk assessment and mitigation : arrival of tsunami wave in Thailand
Guidelines for hazard evaluation procedures
Failure prevention of plant and machinery
Updated to account for ISO 55000, this third edition includes an overview of the seminal and long-awaited standard and identifies the specific points where ISO 55000 will impact maintenance and reliability. New graphics to enhance the text's main points have been added throughout. It provides a logical, step-by-step methodology that will enable any company to properly benchmark its maintenance function. It presents an overview of the benchmarking process, a detailed form for surveying and "grading" maintenance management, and a database of the results of more than 100 companies that have used this survey.
Systems thinking, system dynamics : managing change and complexity
Predicting monetary policy using federal funds futures prices
Emerging technologies : from hindsight to foresight
The complete idiot's guide to beating stress
Reliability technology : principles and practice of failure prevention in electronic systems
Anticipating a stock market crash : evidence from the S&P 500
Global catastrophic risks
Adaptive power and frequency allocation strategies in cognitive radio systems
Prediction markets : fundamentals, designs, and applications
The basis for anticipatory decision-making
Benchmarking best practices in maintenance, reliability and asset management : updated for ISO 55000
How to forecast : a guide for business
2011 - trendspotting for the next decade
The disaster recovery handbook : a step-by-step plan to ensure business continuity and protect vital operations, facilities, and assets
Creating a data-driven organization : practical advice from the trenches
Knowledge creation in foresight : a practice- and systems-oriented view
Females as transferors and successors : Greek perspektive
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
Tourism supply chain management
Strategies and Tactics in Supply Chain Event Management
Takeover success prediction : European acquisitions between 1999 and 2008
Volatility and maturity effects in the fox index futures markets
Finnish summary.
The precautionary principle in practice : environmental decision-making and scientific uncertaincy
Building maintenance
Practical security training
Constructing school success
Long-range forecasting : from crystal ball to computer
Russia, China, India foresight for small and medium size enterprises in Uusimaa : changes forecast in the Russian, Chinese and Indien operating environments from the viewpoint of small and middle-sized enterprises in Uusimaa
Vaccination as a good practice
Taking up one's worries : a handbook on early dialogues
The formula : how algorithms solve all our problems ...and create more
Towards the dymanic paradigm of futures research : how to grasp a complex futures problem with multiple phases and multiple methods
External networked learning in anticipating change : the case of a Finnish vocational educational organization
How to survive the end of the world as we know it : tactics, techniques, and technologies for uncertain times
Preterm delivery and selected biomarkers : phosphorylated insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 and matrix metalloproteinase-8 – in cervical fluid
Future scenario planning in strategic management
From signals to future stories : a handbook for applying foresight in the field of welfare
Demand and capacity forecasting tool : case Cargotec Finland RTG product line
"The first paper is a survey into the available research into the capability of foresight. It is predominantly focussed on an individual psychological perspective of what factors could contribute to foresight" -- p. [1].
Towards integration of innovation systems and foresight research in firms and corporations : the classical Takeuchi-Nonaka model reconsidered and reformulated
Everything we know is wrong : the invisible trends that shape business, society and life
Kotka I-V : 20 years of expert consultations on global forest resources assessments
Education, training and the economy : preparing young people for a changing labour market
Non obvious 2017 : how to think different, curate ideas & predict the future
Essays on misplanning wealth and health : a behavioural approach
Cognitive readiness : preparing for the unexpected
The ultimate guide to total preparedness and self-reliance, this work, written by one of the best-known survival experts, contains everything people need to know in order to prepare and protect themselves.
There has been a set of new working activities that have been introduced in Stora Enso Heinola Fluting Mill in the form of a project called the FLOW. These activities are strongly related to the whole supply chain and its main operations: warehousing, production planning and deliveries. The project lasted for over a year and eventually came to an end a few months ago. This established the need to evaluate the performance of the new process which is the main reason why this thesis is carried out. In order to be able to analyze the outcome of the project and identify the future development areas the opinions of the corrugated units that were involved in the project needed to be gathered. A questionnaire was sent and it was followed by a one-to-one interview to get the suitable data. Conclusions and recommendations were made based on the answers and they will be used to improve the performance in the future. The findings of the questionnaire and the interviews indicate that the FLOW process in general is working quite well after a rather difficult start. Stock levels are considered to be higher than before which was not the initial goal of the FLOW. Also more training related to the rather complex information technology tools would be useful. The customer service is considered to work well; however, the system cannot replace the people behind it no matter how well it works.  Surprising was that even though the process itself works well, it does not add any value towards the end customers. Also it has not managed to bring along any major benefits as it was expected to. There are still improvements required in the fields of communication, information technology tools, system integration and reporting. The results of the interviews as well as the analysis and conclusions made based on the questionnaire are remained confidential and are only delivered to the commissioner company of this thesis. These will not be published.
The aim of this thesis was to create accurate man hour forecasting tool for one of the product lines of a large cargo handling company called Cargotec Finaland Oy. The case company hasn't had any long term forecasting previously for the department and it has fallen into project management problems as a result. The thesis goes through these problems that arise from lack of forecasting, theory of resource management and it explains step by step how the tool was created.
Doing business in Russia : May 2006.
The Black & Scholes composite-time model in option pricing
The forecasting process : a case study of Teleste Corporation
Rational expectations : an elementary exposition
Contemporary futurist thought : science fiction, future studies, and theories and visions of the future in the last century
The cure for catastrophe : how we can stop manufacturing natural disasters
Contracting in networks
Welcome to the future cloud : mobile people, green profit & happy countries
Things from the future : how can we crowdsource innovation foresight with games?
The psychophysiology of anticipation and arousal
Foresight in everyday life
Predicting soil erosion by water : a guide to conservation planning with the Revised Universal Soil Loss Equation (RUSLE)
Towards the dynamic paradigm of futures research : how to grasp a complex futures problem with multiple phases and multiple methods
The new paradigm for financial markets : the credit crisis of 2008 and what it means
Anticipating interruptions : security and risk in a liberalized electricity infrastructure
Forecasting techniques for urban and regional planning
Pre-contractual approach on proactive OEM and supply chain management strategies : manufacturing in China
Services 2020 : competences in the international service society : final report
From reactive to proactive banking : connecting with customers with context-aware mobile technology
Methods and practices of regional anticipation in Finland
Business survey data: : do they help in forecasting the macro economy?
Problems in using foresight methods in consultancy projects : a case study conducted in a Finnish consulting company
Managing and marketing radical innovations : marketing new technology
Prediction as a learning strategy : the impact of picture- and title-based predictions on the learning process and the outcome of a newly introduced text and the relating vocabulary
The basics of FMEA
Communicative and anticipatory decision-making supported by Bayesian networks
The potential of scenarios in strategic planning of SMEs
Surface design in architecture : trend forecast and design collection development for Graphic Concrete
Russia, China, India foresight for small and medium size enterprises in Uusimaa : changes forecast in the Russian, Chinese and Indian operating environments from the viewpoint of small and middle-sized enterprises in Uusimaa
Notes on emerging technologies
In the wake of the international financial crisis, authorities have been given new tools to prevent such crises. These tools - or macroprudential instruments - are intended to enhance banks' resilience to risk and prevent the excessive lending that often underlies asset price bubbles. In making decisions on deployment of the macroprudential tools, authorities will be supported by a set of early warning indicators confirmed by research data to best predict the outbreak of banking crises..
Consistent consumer : predicting future behavior through lasting values
Stock price prediction : an overview of stock price prediction and its main applied methods
Maintenance planning and scheduling handbook
A proactive approach : Law libraries
Introduction to executive protection
The cunning of uncertainty
Together and independently - the world and Finland in the 2010s : description of the Finnish policy-making environment for the ministries' future reviews
Some thoughts on proactive counselling and legal mentality
DHL Freight (Finland) 2020 – Foresight study on Logistics in South-Eastern Finland
Business success and problem prevention through proactive contracting
A business environment analysis : case Company X
Progressing tourism research
Every company must analyze their environment in order to stay on top of things in our changing world. It is essential to be aware of the environment and changes that occur in it. Anticipating changes and reacting quickly to them can also be an advantage in the market. The business environment affects what kind of marketing strategy best suits the company, and what they should take this into consideration in their operations. This thesis is a commission for a business-to-business consultancy company; it is an analysis of their business environment. The political, economic, socio-cultural and technological factors that affect their business environment are analyzed using a PEST analysis. Their strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are also analyzed, through a SWOT analysis. A SWOT analysis is very topical at this time, with the downturn of the economy, as many companies have to reassess themselves and the external risks and opportunities that can help them overcome the current downturn. In this thesis, the investigation of the business environment is limited to PEST and SWOT analyses; the area of study is Finland. The objective of the thesis is to support Company X's marketing by giving them proposals and suggestions. It should also give them an outsider's view of the company, which should make them think about things that otherwise might not be self-evident. The analysis has been carried out by concurrently following news, publications and events, literacy, theory, investigating the different areas of the analyses and interviewing Company X personnel.  One of the most important speculations in the thesis is that Company X should develop their scenario thinking and communication, and carry out a SWOT analysis on a regular basis. When all the possibilities are known, they can better survive future challenges.
Cointegration in the yield curve of Finnish money market 1987-2008
Forecasting sales with the personal computer : guidelines for marketing and sales managers
Transport revolutions : moving people and freight without oil
Outsourcing & proactive law : Way to sustainable contracting
Scaling of involvement in personal and global future events
Non obvious : how to think different, curate ideas & predict the future
Design for recordkeeping : areas of improvement
'Do you need my help?' It was always the first question he asked. They called him when they had nowhere else to turn. As a boy he was chosen, then taken from the orphanage he called home. Raised and trained as part of a top secret programme he was sent to the worst places in the world to do the things his government denied any knowledge of. Then he broke with the programme, using everything he'd learned to disappear. He wanted to help the desperate and deserving. But now someone's on his tail. Someone who has issues with his past. Someone who knows he was once known simply as Orphan X.
Anticipation projects co-financed by the Ministry of Education
Forecasting & demand management in sales and operations planning : case: "Suominen" in hygiene and food segments
The "FLOW" project : case Stora Enso Heinola Fluting Mill
Competence foresight : concept of the future
Working life based foresight information in human resource development and managing
EBP-ratio as a return predictor on the Finnish Stock Market 2000-2005
Information pathways for the competence foresight mechanism in talent management framework
TPM Reloaded : total productive maintenance
Intuitive predictions and professional forecasts : cognitive processes and social consequences
Conversations with futurists on the school and the future
Foresight - the hidden dimension in the art of everyday
The future of competition : co-creating unique value with customers
Intuition and decision-making: - a new way of thinking
Seeing the Future : how to build basic forecasting models
Predictioneer's game : using the logic of brazen self-interest to see and shape the future
Proactive law in the field of law
Exchange rate regime, fiscal foresight and the effectiveness of fiscal policy in a small open economy
The handbook of maintenance management
Stakeholder approach to tourism product development: a Nordic perspective
Participatory approaches to foresight and priority-setting in innovation networks
Do current electricity market designs ensure a sufficient electricity supply at all times? This topic is currently the subject of intense debate across Europe, and several major countries such as Germany, the UK, France and Italy have decided that additional measures - so-called capacity remuneration mechanisms - are needed to supplement current market designs. This report describes and analyses the advantages and disadvantages of a range of measures proposed or currently implemented across Europe, and includes both best estimates of how the implementation of these measures will impact Nordic electricity prices as well as recommendations to the Nordic countries regarding a cost-efficient path to ensuring the Nordic security of supply.
