http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17322 time zones
time zones
Tourism geography
Phenology in seasonal climates I
Seasonal feeding strategies of subarctic zooplankton
One day : around the world in 24 hours
Boreal forest albedo and its spatial and temporal variation
Seasonal response of biomass growth and allocation of a boreal bioenergy crop (Phalaris arundinacea L.) to climate change
The international atlas : World longitudes & latitudes. Time changes and time zones
The island of lost horses
The tropics of empire : why Columbus sailed south to the Indies
Plotting the globe : stories of meridians, parallels, and the international date line
Crossing borders : multi-room houses and inter-ethnic contacts in Europe's extreme north
One time fits all : the campaigns for global uniformity
Dependence of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus L.) on littoral and pelagic energy sources in a subarctic lake, Saanajärvi
Logging and log transport in tropical high forest : a manual on production and costs
The childcare practice of children's daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Effect of industrial pollution on the distribution dynamics of radionuclides in boreal understorey ecosystems (EPORA)
Modelling boreal forest CO2 exchange and seasonality
Proceedings of the 1st Atlantic Islands Neogene International Congress, 12-14 June 2006, Sao Miguel, Azores, Portugal
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Interactions between Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole, in the boreal zone
Terrible time
