http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17305 neurology
neurology
Creating mind : how the brain works
[Developmental neurology]
The Canadian journal of neurological sciences = Le journal canadien des sciences neurologiques
Neurological rehabilitation : optimizing motor performance
Neuroscience : a historical introduction
Multiple sclerosis : a rehabilitation approach to management
What a wonderful world : one man's attempt to explain the big stuff
BSAVA manual of canine and feline neurology
Neurology and general medicine
Emil du Bois-Reymond : neuroscience, self, and society in nineteenth-century Germany
Music therapy and neurological rehabilitation : performing health
Manter and Gatz's essentials of clinical neuroanatomy and neurophysiology
Practical neurology
Application of fluorescence resonance energy transfer to study syndecan-3 signaling on the surface of neural cells
Technique of the neurologic examination : a programmed text
Neuroscience nursing for a new millennium
Journal of cognitive neuroscience
Astroglial cells : role in neurodegenerative-inflammatory processes in the central nervous system
Monitoring and assessment
Foundations of physical therapy : a 21st century-focused view of the profession
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
The space between our ears : how the brain represents visual space
Examination of peripheral nerve injuries : an anatomical approach
"This collection of essays are mainly casebook studies. Neurological patients, Oliver Sacks once wrote, are travellers to unimaginable lands. This book offers portraits of seven such travellers, including a surgeon consumed by the compulsive tics of Tourette's syndrome unless he is operating." / WorldCat.
Practical guide for clinical neurophysiologic testing
Principles of neurology
A cursing brain? : the histories of tourette syndrome
Plasticity in the central nervous system : learning and memory
Basic neurochemistry : molecular, cellular, and medical aspects
The year in cognitive neuroscience 2008
Veterinary neuropathology
The teenage brain : a neuroscientist's survival guide to raising adolescents and young adults
Neuroscience for rehabilitation
Handbook of neuro-ophthalmology and orbital disease : diagnosis and treatment
The man without a shadow : a novel
Defending the cavewoman : and other tales of evolutionary neurology
Pathobiology of Alzheimer's disease : programs and abstracts : June 17-19, 1988, Hanasaari, Espoo, Finland
Social : why our brains are wired to connect
Annual review of neuroscience
Archives of neurology
Basic neurochemistry : principles of molecular, cellular, and medical neurobiology
Neurological examination made easy
Neurology in clinical practice. Vol 1, Principles of diagnosis and management
Stochastic processes in the neurosciences
Understanding neuromuscular plasticity : a basis for clinical rehabilitation
Contemporary approaches to neuropsychological assessment
An anthropologist on Mars : seven paradoxical tales
Can you really rewire an adult brain? In theory the answer is 'yes', but there's a problem: no one seems to know exactly how to do it. In Override, Caroline Williams sets off on a mission to find out. Delving into the latest studies on brain plasticity, which indicate that brain games don't actually do much to make you smarter, she tries to square that finding with the reality of brain plasticity - that the brain adapts physically as we learn something new. Visiting top neuroscientists in their labs, she volunteers herself as a guinea pig in neuroscience studies, challenging researchers to make real changes to her - functioning, but imperfect - brain. She seeks to improve on her own weaknesses, such as a limited attention span and a tendency to worry too much, and then branches out into more mysterious areas such as intelligence, creativity, and the perception of time. Trying everything from high-tech brain stimulation to meditation, adding bolt-on senses and retraining her stress response, Override is a very intimate, fascinating journey into discovering what neuroscience can really do for us - and, crucially, whether it's worth all the bother.
Don't think about monkeys : extraordinary stories by people with Tourette syndrome
The nine degrees of autism : a developmental model for the alignment and reconciliation of hidden neurological conditions
Self-assessment colour review of small animal neurology
Muscle-eye-brain (MEB) disease
Scientific programme and abstracts
Nerve root and peripheral nerve compression : a clinical study with emphasis on lumbar radiculopathy
Includes bibliographical references and index.
Joensuu papers in neuropsychology and neurolinguistics. Vol. 1
Autism : a comprehensive occupational therapy approach
Override : my quest to go beyond brain training and take control of my mind
Clinical neuroscience for rehabilitation
Sensory integration : a training manual for therapists and teachers for regressed, psychiatric and geriatric patient groups
Taking action : cognitive neuroscience perspectives on intentional acts
Drug-induced neurological disorders
Developmental medicine and child neurology
Screening adult neurologic populations : a step-by-step instruction manual
Ethics in child health : principles and cases in neurodisability
Neurologic examination
Neurology in clinical practice. Vol 2, The neurological disorders
The limbic system
Harrison's neurology in clinical medicine
Tonically active kainate receptors (tKARs) : a novel mechanism regulating neuronal function in the brain
32nd Scandinavian Congress of Neurology and 1st Scandinavian Congress of Neurologic Nursing, June 10-13, 1998, Oulu, Finland : final programme
Applications of magnetic resonance image segmentation in neurology
Bridging research and practice in clinical neuropsychology : INS Mid-Year Meeting 2009, 29 July-1 August 2009, Helsinki, Finland and Tallinn, Estonia : program and abstracts
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Encyclopedia of behavioral neuroscience
Veterinary neuroanatomy and clinical neurology
Phi : a voyage from the brain to the soul
Applied neurosciences for the allied health professions
Quick reference neuroscience for rehabilitation professionals : the essential neurologic principles underlying rehabilitation practice
The man who wasn't there : investigations into the strange new science of the self
The man who mistook his wife for a hat
Providing sustainable mental and neurological health care in Ghana and Kenya : workshop summary
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Regulation of neural progenitor cell proliferation and fate by proteolytic pathways and inflammatory signals in the brain
New phrenology : The limits of localizing cognitive processes in the brain
Professional Competences of Music Therapists Working in Post-stroke Rehabilitation
Is that my child? : exploding the myths of dyspraxia, dyslexia, Tourette's syndrome of childhood, ADD, ADHD and OCD
Epilepsy in adults : an epidemiological study in Eastern Finland
Legal aspects of physiotherapy
We are our brains : from the womb to Alzheimer's
Assessment of cerebral palsy. 1., Muscle function, locomotion, and hand function
Physical management for neurological conditions
Fundamentals of neurology
Handbook of veterinary neurology
Neurology for the speech-language pathologist
The field of brain stimulation is expanding rapidly, with techniques such as DBS, TMS, and tDCS moving from the research community into clinical diagnosis and treatment. Clinical applications include treating disorders such as Parkinson's disease, dystonia, and even depression. The chapters of Brain Stimulation are written by leading international researchers and clinical specialists include coverage of techniques, modes of action and applications in physiology and therapeutics. The combination of research and clinical coverage will be of interest to neurologists, neurosurgeons, psychiatrists, neuroscientists, and health care workers. A comprehensive introduction and overview of deep brain stimulation (DBS)Coverage of DBS, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)Details the basic science and research utility of DBS and clinical application.
Nineteenth-century origins of neuroscientific concepts
Alcohol and brain : proceedings of a symposium held in January 10-11, 1990 in Helsinki in conjunction with Medicine 90 meeting
Neurology for physiotherapists
Neuropsychiatry, neuropsychology, and behavioral neurology : official journal of the Behavioral Society
The neurological boundaries of reality
Memories are made of this : the biological building blocks of memory
An anthropologist on Mars : seven paradoxial tales
Reaching down the rabbit hole : extraordinary journeys into the human brain
Neurophysiology : a conceptual approach / Robert Carpenter, Benjamin Reddi
The neurology of consciousness : cognitive neuroscience and neuropathology
Introduction to the neurologic examination
Language : normal and pathological development
"Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a user-friendly, comprehensive text that specifically addresses the key information needed to understand the neuroscience of clinical rehabilitation. This updated Second Editions designed to provide complex information in a quick, easy-to-use format that is beneficial to students and rehabilitation professionals." "Dr. Sharon A. Gutman designed Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals, Second Edition to provide easy-to-understand explanations of complex neurologic phenomena. The text describes basic neuroanatomical structures and functions, neuropathology underlying specific clinical conditions, and theories supporting clinical treatment." "Including accessible information, color illustrations, new test questions, and updated features, Quick Reference Neuroscience for Rehabilitation Professionals: The Essential Neurologic Principles Underlying Rehabilitation Practice, Second Edition is a dynamic text for all students and clinicians in occupational therapy, physical therapy, and other areas of rehabilitation."--BOOK JACKET.
Behavioral neuroscientists study the behavior of animals and humans and the neurobiological and physiological processes that control it. Behavior is the ultimate function of the nervous system, and the study of it is very multidisciplinary. Disorders of behavior in humans touch millions of people's lives significantly, and it is of paramount importance to understand pathological conditions such as addictions, anxiety, depression, schizophrenia, autism among others, in order to be able to develop new treatment possibilities.
Brain stimulation : handbook of clinical neurology
Neuroscience and leadership : awareness, relevance and applications of neuroscience principles within leadership development in Germany
Atlas of pediatric EEGs
The man who mistook his wife for a hat and other clinical tales
Veterinary neurology
Quick reference neuroscience for rehabilitation professionals : the essential neurologic priciples underlying rehabilitation practice
Handbook of developmental cognitive neuroscience
The neuroscience of human movement
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is the perfect text for undergraduates looking for a concise introduction to the subject, or a study guide to use before examinations. Each topic begins with a summary of essential facts-an ideal revision checklist-followed by a description of the subject that focuses on core information, with clear, simple diagrams that are easy for students to understand and recall in essays and exams. BIOS Instant Notes in Neuroscience, Third Edition, is fully up-to-date and covers: Organization of the Nervous System Neuron Excitation Synapses Neurotransmitters Elements of Neural Computing Somatosensory Systems Vision Hearing Smell and Taste Motor Function: Spinal Cord and Brainstem Movement: Cortex, Cerebellum and Basal Ganglia Neuroendocrinology and Autonomic Functions Brain and Behaviour Learning and Memory Neuroscience Methods.
The biochemical basis of neuropharmacology
The brain's way of healing : stories of remarkable recoveries and discoveries
Why we curse : a neuro-psycho-social theory of speech
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 1, Neurophysiology : vol. 3
Pediatric neurologic physical therapy
Neurological evaluation of infants and children
Neuroimaging in communication sciences and disorders
Carini and Owens' neurological and neurosurcigal nursing
Oxford handbook of neurology
Neurology and trauma
Neurotransmitter receptors
Recent advances in physiotherapy
Basic neurochemistry : molecular, cellular and medical aspects
Into the silent land : travels in neuropsychology
Tourette syndrome and tic disorders
Duvernoy's atlas of the human brain stem and cerebellum : high-field MRI : surface anatomy, internal structure, vascularization and 3D sectional anatomy
Manual of small animal neurology
Nature reviews. Neurology
Tough calls in acute neurology
Fifty neurologic cases from Mayo Clinic
Cash's textbook of neurology for physiotherapists
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Handbook of physiology : a critical, comprehensive presentation of physiological knowledge and concepts. Section 1, Neurophysiology : vol. 1
Neuroscience : fundamentals for rehabilitation
Clinical neuroanatomy, made ridiculously simple
Neuroanatomy : draw it to know it
Neuroanatomy through clinical cases
Neurocognitive functioning and social competence in preschool children with epilepsy
"750 EEG tracings provide the visual assistance you need to diagnose pediatric seizure activity. Atlas of Pediatric EEG will prove to be an essential visual reference to for both the novice and experienced neurologist. For those new to the field, it will help develop the pattern recognition skills necessary to diagnose pediatric seizure activity. For experienced neurologists, it provides a working collection of known patterns to which they can compare their own tracings. Atlas of Pediatric EEG features a full-color presentation, easy-to-read bulleted chapter text, and detailed legends under each tracing that provide a full description and diagnosis of what is seen in the tracing.  Chapters also contain case examples that add clinical relevance to the tracings. This unique atlas covers every type of seizure, both epileptic and non-epileptic. Also included is a companion DVD containing 190 video clips to assist you in learning how to interpret video-EEG, which is rapidly becoming the most common modality for EEG"--Provided by publisher.
Visual cortex activation in blind humans during sound discrimination
Neuropsychology : a clinical approach
Huntington's disease in Finland : epidemologic, genetic and clinical studies
Color atlas and synopsis of clinical neuro-opthalmology
