http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17388 pressure
pressure
Experimental investigation of molecular solids and vanadium at high pressure and temperature
The political philosophy of Thomas Paine
Ramming model tests of the MV Canmar Kigoriak
Abstract: Prevention of pressure ulcers : systematic literature review.
Physical activity, cardiovascular risk factors and mortality
Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitory peptides in Finnish cereals : a database survey
Absolute pressure comparison between Mikes and Vaisala oyj : range 10 Pa to 5000 Pa
Cardiovascular autonomic regulation in patients with sustained hypertension of different etiology and severity
Cancer incidence in hypertensive patients : a prospective study of cancer incidence in patients included in the hypertension register of the North Karelia Project
Thermal, hormonal and cardiovascular responses to single and repeated nonhypothermic cold exposures in man
Full scale observations of ship-ice contact : results from tests series onboard IB Sampo, winter 1989
Transcriptional responses of chondrocytic and osteoblastic cells to physical forces of hydrostatic and osmotic pressure, mechanical stretching, and low intensity pulsed ultrasound
Community control of hypertension : a study of trends in Finland with special emphasis on lifestyle modification
Negative gauge pressure comparison : range -95 kPa to +95 kPa
Theory and design for mechanical measurements
Ghrelin, metabolic risk factors and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Chemistry at extreme conditions
Multimodal biomedical measurement methods to study brain functions simultaneously with functional magnetic resonance imaging
CFD modeling of circulating fluidized bed : effect of volume averaging on solid-solid drag force
Footsteps on the ice : the Antarctic diaries of Stuart D. Paine, Second Byrd Expedition
Application of results from the research project "A ship in compressive ice" to ship operability
Effect of antihypertensive drugs on blood pressure during exposure to cold:experimental study in normotensive and hypertensive subjects
Effects of ice properties on ice breaking forces in model testing
Root cause study of crude oil cavitation in fuel return pipes
Man of reason : the life of Thomas Paine
Pressures exerted by grain and silage stored in silos : experimental determination of the mechanical and rheological properties of grain and silage and analysis of the interaction between the stored material and the silo walls
Preterm birth and risk factors for chronic disease : Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults
Tom Paine : friend of mankind
Roxy Paine
Ambulatory blood pressure:association with metabolic risk indicators, renal function and carotid artery atherosclerosis
Genetic and life course determinants of cardiovascular risk factors:structural equation modelling of complex relations
Fluttering in drying section
Effect of shear stress on soil compaction
Studies of inorganic layer and framework structures using time-, temperature- and pressure-resolved powder diffraction techniques
Over the past decades, professional public services have been burdened with demands for accountability and with businesslike managerial systems that are endemic to the private sector. In this volume, a team of international experts shows that these influences are relative. They present theoretical and empirical insights on broader changes in and around professional work in healthcare, social welfare, education, and policing. They also analyze coping mechanisms of professionals, which vary from sector to sector and they argue that public professionals will need to develop new skills for working in reconfigured public services.
Industrial steam systems : fundamentals and best practices
Integrating near-infrared spectroscopy to synchronous multimodal neuroimaging:applications and novel findings
Tom Paine - freedom's apostle
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Comparison in absolute pressure range 0,02 hPa ... 10 hPa between MIKES and Beamex
Experimental methods for engineers
Paine and Cobbett : the transatlantic connection
Tom Paine and revolutionary America
Intercomparison in gauge pressure range from 20 Pa to 13 kPa
Ventilation of annular space of double walled piping
Comparison and evaluation of exhaust gas backpressure calculation and measurement results
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Self-rated health and risk factors for metabolic syndrome among middle-aged men
Burke, Paine, Godwin and the revolution controversy
Intercomparison of gas pressure measurements between FFA and MIKE : gauge pressure range 6kPa ... 130 kPa
The subject of the work was fluttering in the drying section. Fluttering means that the paper web edges flutter and it occurs mostly in the open draws of the drying section. Fluttering is a harmful phenomenon because it could cause edge cracks and impair runnability of the paper machine or supercalender. Inspecting fluttering is difficult and therefore in this thesis some of the tests were video recorded and others were followed visually. The purpose of the work was to study the reasons which affect the paper web fluttering and to find solutions for it. Effects of the adjustments which were done were followed and it was noticed that they had often some other effects on process. It was also noticed that reasons of the edge cracks could be depending on the paper web properties and adjustments of the paper machine. It was found that the most important reason for fluttering was air flows of the hood. In the big scale hood air amounts were controlled with the exhaust and supply air adjustments. Those adjustments did not affect fluttering but instead of that they had an effect on the zero level and the heat recovery. Supply air was blown to the drying section through the pocket ventilators. Pocket ventilators air amounts were controlled with valves and it was the most effective way to control fluttering. Other effective adjustments were the speed differences between the drying groups. Fluttering improved when the draw was lower. Lower draw decreased drying efficiency but running with the lower draws decreases the amount of the edge cracks. Drying profiles during the drying section were inspected with the thermographic camera. It was found that the edges dried slower than the middle regime because of the too wide web. The effect of the drying was tested with the narrowed web and it was noticed that the fluttering decreased. However this cannot be used because of the minimum width of the supercalender. The results can be used to decrease the amount of fluttering and to improve runnability. It was found that decreasing of fluttering could be a difficult because adjustments affect many other process variables or solutions are expensive. According to the results it would be a good to study more drying groups speed differences to achieve better runnability. Hood ventilation and especially exhaust air moisture control should be optimized and changed to automatic controlled.
Autonomic dysfunction in early and advanced Parkinson's disease
The present Finnish formation of child welfare and history
Ultrahigh pressure metamorphism
Gas bubbles in filtration
Dead boy detectives. Volume 1 : Schoolboy terrors
Certification of a Hot Tapping Drilling Device
Ultrahigh-pressure metamorphism : deep continental subduction
Industrial pressure, level & density measurement
Tom Paine: America's godfather 1737-1809
Laboratory Environment of PC Technology & Device Design
Intercomparison of low absolute pressure measurements between FFA and CMA : absolute pressure range 0,5 Pa ... 1,3 kPa
Ice impact model tests for three bow forms of a vessel. Volume 2, Plotted time histories of the forces, moments and motions
PREVENTION AS A MODEL OF HEALTH PROMOTION OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN COLLABORATION WITH THE NEPHROLOGY DEPARTMENTS AT HELSINKI UNIVERSITY CENTRAL HOSPITAL, KOLMIO SAIRAALA WARD 6B
Pervaporation of alcohol/water mixtures using ultra-thin zeolite membranes:membrane performance and modeling
Separation process modelling:highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
Proceedings of the Fourth International Conference on High Pressure : Kyoto 1974
Effect of antihypertensive drugs on blood pressure during exposure to cold : experimental study in normotensive and hypertensive subjects
The effect of mechanization on soil propreties - historical perspective and future requirements
Generic calculation and reporting tool for safety valve sizing
Childhood determinants of later health
Lifestyle Modification in Prevention of Hypertension : Patient Empowerment
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Practical stress analysis with finite elements
The level control of the boiler drum
Low pressure comparison between Mikes and VNIIM : range 1 Pa to 1000 Pa absolute
New measurements, challenges and visions. Volume 9A, Topic 15, topic 16
Optimal schedule for home blood pressure measurements and clinical significance of the variability in home-measured blood pressure and heart rate
Presents the text with annotations of "the single most influential political pamphlet ever published in America.".
Intensity and word order in the perception and production of Finnish prosody
Calibration of a 130 Pa CDG : comparison of the results from Mikes, PTB and MKS Deutschland
Standard requirements for Pulp&Paper industry in Russia : Technical Regulation of Customs Union 032/2013
Seasonal psychophysiological stress of teachers related to age and aerobic fitness
Ice model tests of a cylindrical structure : in accordance with 19th ITTC Performance in Ice Covered Waters Committee
On the ice resistance encountered by ships operating in the continuous mode of icebreaking
Thomas Paine : his life, work and times
Nature, wisdom and reason in Reflections on the French Revolution by Edmund Burke and The rights of man by Thomas Paine
Oxidation of gold concentrate under elevated pressure
Laboratory studies on the effect of freezing and thawing exposure on bentonite buffer performance : closed-system tests
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Prevention of pressure ulcers : systematic literature review
Roxy Paine : Bluff / Public Art Fund ; editor: Anne Wehr
Citizen of the world : essays on Thomas Paine
Contact between structure and ice : results from ice crushing tests with flexible indentor
Tom Paine and Revolutionary America
Phase diagrams, elasticity and thermodynamics of Ni, Co and Fe under high pressure
Life of Thomas Paine
Exercise stress test in stroke risk prediction
Thomas Paine's Common sense : the call to independence
Engine Indicating : User Handbook
Alternatives to conventional food processing
PREVENTION AND MANAGEMENT OF HYPERTENSION : A study on knowledge and attitudes of women of childbearing age
The Afghan amulet : travels from the Hindu Kush to Razgrad
Thomas Paine's Rights of Man : a biography
Tom Paine : a political life
Utilization of experimental design for planning pressure filtration test series
Ice impact model tests for three bow forms of a vessel. Vol. 1, Short analysis of the test results
Methods for combining a theoretical and an empirical approach in modelling pressure and flow control valves for CAE-programs for fluid power circuits
Exercise testing in the prediction of cardiovascular diseases and mortality : a prospective population study in men
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Modeling of high pressure pretreatment process for gold leaching
Intercomparison of barometric pressure measurements between FFA and CMA : absolute pressure range 50 kPa ... 105 kPa
Activities of angiotensin-converting enzymes (ACE1, ACE2) and inhibition by bioactive lactotripeptides (IPP, VPP, LPP) in porcine ocular tissues
"These are the diaries of Stuart Paine, a dog driver, radio operator, and navigator on Admiral Richard Byrd's Second Antarctic Expedition (1933-1935). Notably, Paine guided a three-man geological party up the Ross Ice Shelf and Thorne (Scott) Glacier to explore and map unknown territory near the South Pole"--Provided by publisher.
Pressure comparisons between Mikes and Metrosert : ranges 95 kPa to 105 kPa absolute and 0,5 MPa to 1,75 MPa gauge
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Chinese-Finnish cooperative research work on dam break hydrodynamics
To spit against the wind : a novel
Early life stress and later health : ‡b cardiovascular disease and general health among former war evacuees
Sea level changes on the Finnish coast and their relationship to atmospheric factors
Metabolite profiling of Allium species by using modern spectrometric methods
High pressure processing of foods
Thomas Paine
Static and cyclic load tests of composite ice-resisting wall
Tyre pressure on trucks
Can we trust self-reports of driving? : effects of impression management on driver behaviour questionnaire responses
Estimating pressure at the eardrum for binaural reproduction
Factors affecting outcome after primary intracerebral hemorrhage
Studies on wheat straw pulp fractionation:fractionation tendency of cells in pressure screening, hydrocyclone fractionation and flotation
Adiponectin and low-grade inflammation in relation to preceding factors and the course of the metabolic syndrome : a gender-specific view
Nursing interventions for improving the management of hypertension in adults
Diurnal variations in intraocular pressure in dark and light seasons
Noninvasive blood pressure pulse detection and blood pressure determination
Thomas Paine : representative selections
Professionals under pressure : the reconfiguration of professional work in changing public services
Intercomparison in gauge pressure range from -95 kPa to +100 kPa
Intercomparison of gas pressure measurements between CMA and VNIIMS : gauge pressure range 1 kPa ... 16kPa
The influence of medication on the incidence, outcome, and recurrence of primary intracerebral hemorrhage
Miniature intercomparison of oil pressure measurements between FFA and MIKE : gauge pressures 0,5 MPa, 10 MPa and 30 MPa
Dynamic ice structure interaction : theory and applications
Laboratory environment of PC technology & device design
Covering the full range of material needed by civil engineering students in their study of hydraulics, this new edition includes hydraulic structures and an introduction to hydrology. Self-test questions, with answers, are included.
Calibration of a 130 Pa CDG : comparison of the results from Mikes and PTB
The association between smoking and hypertension in Ukraine
Chemistry under extreme or non-classical conditions
Cleaning the EU out of emissions - or firms? : implementions of EU Emissions Trading Scheme for the competitiveness of involved Finnish firms
Exhaust gas back pressure in marine diesels
Separation process modelling : highlighting the predictive capabilities of the models and the robustness of the solving strategies
Erectile dysfunction in cardiovascular risk population
Studies on bone marrow-derived stem cells in patients with acute myocardial infarction
Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Dementia-related Structural Brain Changes on MRI: : A 30-year follow-up study
