http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17341 books sector
books sector
Designing patient registry software for Kenyan healthcare
Same- and other-sex victimization : risk factors, consequences, and protection by peers
Publishing as artistic practice
Abstract.
English summary.
Start your own self-publishing business : your step-by-step guide to success
Publisher's practical dictionary in 20 languages = Dictionnaire pratique de l'edition en 20 langues = Wörterbuch des Verlagswesens in 20 Sprachen
Harrod's librarians' glossary and reference book : a directory of over 10,200 terms, organizations, projects and acronyms in the areas of information management, library science, publishing and archive management
Electronic solutions for Ethiopian health sector : electronic medical record (EMR) system
Bound to be modern : publishers' cloth bindings and the material culture of the book, 1840-1914
The coming of the book : the impact of printing 1450-1800
Encyclopedia of the book
Merchants of culture : the publishing business in the twenty-first century
Invisible New York cities : 100 days of nearby tweets
What does it mean to publish today? In the face of a changing media landscape, institutional upheavals, and discursive shifts in the legal, artistic, and political fields, concepts of ownership, authorship, work, accessibility, and publicity are being renegotiated. The field of publishing not only stands at the intersection of these developments but is also introducing new ruptures. How the traditional publishing framework has been cast adrift, and which opportunities are surfacing in its stead, is discussed here by artists, publishers, and scholars through the examination of recent publishing concepts emerging from the experimental literature and art scene, where publishing is often part of an encompassing artistic practice. The number and diversity of projects among the artists, writers, and publishers concerned with these matters show that it is time to move the question of publishing from the margin to the center of aesthetic and academic discourse.
Anne Golaz on photobooks and narratives
Summary: Development of the mass media in Finland.
Computerization of the Kenyan health care records
Abstract: Computerization of the Kenyan health care records. The purpose of this paper is to create awareness of the benefits of a computerized health care system as opposed to the manual system of record keeping currently in operation within the Kenyan healthcare sector. This paper highlights the current problems that hospitals face and how they can be eliminated. In the research of this Thesis, it was found that the Kenyan population estimates as of 2011 records 41 million inhabitants. The largest referral hospital in Kenya, the Kenyatta national hospital currently has to contend with 3,000 manual transactions daily with stationery accounting for 12 per cent of it is administrative costs. Lack of computer-based files means that health care professionals cannot effectively cater to the patients' well-being. The health of these inhabitants is vital and this paper will emphasize on how computerization in the health care system will revamp it. By digitizing over 40 million records and other technology transformations, the Kenyatta hospital believes that it will contribute to the knowledge transfer and citizen transformation ecosystem. The research questions for this paper were: What is the current situation in the Kenyan medical record system in the health sector? How can a computer-based system be incorporated in the Kenyan health sector? What are the benefits of introducing a computer-based system in the Kenyan health sector? As a result of the thesis, ideas of a computerized healthcare system were formulated and a general framework of the system examined. The computer-based system derived from this paper would be able to effectively and efficiently output the identity of individuals, their diagnosis and medical history without necessarily having to go back to the manual bundle of records.
Bound to Be Modern is the most comprehensive study to date on the emergence and function of publishers' cloth bindings. It brings together issues of aesthetics, technique, economy, and social change in order to explain why publishers in the 19th century began to have their books bound, and why decorated clothbindings were so successful as the Western world transitioned into modernity. This study traces the history of publishers' bindings in a Swedish context--giving the first English-language account of the history of the Swedish 19th century book market--but also makes clear that edition binding was an international affair, with machines, designs, and ideas crossing borders as much as the literary works themselves did. Lundblad takes an interdisciplinary approach, referencing art and design theorists as well as social scientists and philosophers to analyze the complex interactions between books, the book market, and society at large, and to show that bindings not only mirror their historical context but also contribute to the making of culture.
The environment dictionary
This book examines the impact on the British illustrated publishing industry of emigres from Germany and Austria in the first half of the twentieth century, looking in particular at the art publishing houses of Phaidon Press and Thames & Hudson.
The acceptance of absurdity : Anthony Powell & Robert Vanderbilt : letters 1952−1963
Edmund Curll, bookseller
ICT sector development in the Kainuu region
Employer Branding for SMEs : Attracting Graduating Students in IT Industry
Book business : statistics 2006.
City of ashes
All that is : a novel
Communicating knowledge : publishing in the 21st century
What price books?
The bookaholics guide to book blogs
Scribes and illuminators
The emergence of the book was an event of world historical importance, and heralded the dawning of modernity. In this history of that momentous process, the authors mesh together economic and technological history, sociology and anthropology, with the study of modes of consciousness to root the development of printing.
The late age of print : everyday book culture from consumerism to control
Never mind the web : here comes the book
Book trade connections from the seventeenth to the twentieth centuries
British literary culture and publishing practice 1880-1914
Scholars, poets & radicals : discovering forgotten lives in the Blackwell Collections
Books without borders
The book sector in Helsinki
Victorian publishing : the economics of book production for a mass market, 1836-1916
A companion to the history of the book
Reading material in early modern England : print, gender, and literacy
Book makers : British publishing in the twentieth century
This unique five volume set provides a comprehensive resource of the most significant published papers on book history in the West starting with the codex and finishing in the 20th century. The editors have carefully selected the best literature from a wealth of relatively inaccessible sources and written substantial introductions which provide an overview of the period. The papers are reproduced in entirety with their original page numbers to aid comprehensive research and accurate referencing. Together the volumes provide an essential compendium for students and scholars of book history.
Small books and pleasant histories : popular fiction and its readership in seventeenth-century England
The everything store : Jeff Bezos and the age of Amazon
The history of the book in the West
Inside book publishing
The world of book publishing is going through turbulent times. For nearly five centuries the methods and practices of book publishing remained largely unchanged, but at the dawn of the 21st century the industry finds itself faced with perhaps the greatest challenges since Gutenberg. A combination of economic pressures and technological change is forcing publishers to alter their practices and think hard about the future of the book in the digital age. In this book - the first major study of trade publishing for more than 30 years - Thompson situates the current challenges facing the industry in an historical context, analyzing the transformation of trade publishing in the United States and Britain since the 1960s. He gives a detailed account of how the world of trade publishing really works, dissecting the roles of publishers, agents and booksellers and showing how their practices are shaped by a field that has a distinctive structure and dynamic. Against this backdrop Thompson analyzes the impact of the digital revolution on book publishing and examines the pressures that are reshaping the field of trade publishing today.
Kyujanggak and the cultural history of books
Changing our textual minds : towards a digital order of knowledge
A new introduction to bibliography
Literary folios and ideas of the book in early modern England
Dickens and Victorian print cultures
The European Union and culture : between economic regulation and European cultural policy
Accounting and financial management : developments in the international hospitality industry
All that is
"Rethinking Paper & Ink offers a critical examination of the book publishing industry and discusses ways to achieve more sustainable practices. Through extensive research and experience in the industry, the authors present ideas on sustainability within the book-making process, reviewing the environmental impacts of acquisitions and editing, design and printing, marketing and distribution, and both print and digital sales. Rethinking Paper & Ink includes a detailed account of the choices Ooligan Press made to produce the book itself and features industry profiles that highlight remarkable individuals, organizations, and businesses exemplifying these standards"--
The Publishing game : bestseller in 30 days
The coming of the book : the impact of printing, 1450-1800
Book 2010 : development trends in the book trade - summary
Service Design Outcomes in Finnish Book Industry : From Transition to Transformation
Informatsioon, kommunikatsioon, ühiskond = Information, communication, society
ABC for book collectors
Business the Amazon.com way : secrets of the world's most astonishing web business
The business of books : booksellers and the English book trade, 1450-1850
Study of book history focused on the promotion and advertising of printed materials. Part of Publishing Pathways series. Collection of 8 essays that look at the advertising and marketing techniques of booksellers and publishers from the 15th to the 20th century in the western world.
Revolution's urban landscape : Bucharest culture and postcommunist change
Learning the hard way : how a narrative structure can bring out the positive power of failure
Books : a living history
Media today : an introduction to mass communication
Book illustration : for stories from Verzauberte Wälder by Robert Crottet
Book business : statistics 2003.
Agent of change : print culture studies after Elizabeth L. Eisenstein
Lives in print : biography and the book trade from the Middle Ages to the 21st century
Should There Be a Salary Cap for Top Managers in the Financial Sector?
The book of hours of Johannete Ravenelle and the Parisian book illumination around 1400
The British book trade : an oral history
Readers and authorship in early modern England
Publishing E-books for dummies
The Oxford companion to the book
The electronic book : the change of paradigm for a changing bookmarket
Reading culture and writing practices in nineteenth-century France
The media : an introduction
It is almost impossible to get away from discussions of whether the 'book' can survive the digital revolution. This title discusses the topics ranging from what can be defined as the first book to what happens to knowledge that infinite amounts of information are available at the click of a mouse.
From the first scribbling on papyrus to the emergence of the e-book, this wide-ranging overview of the history of the book provides a fascinating look at one of the most efficient, versatile, and enduring technologies ever developed.
The public face of modernism : little magazines, audiences, and reception, 1905-1920
Manuscripts and ghosts : essays on the transmission of medieval and early renaissance literature
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
50 years of book publishing in India since independence
Text has always been the chief vehicle for the inscription and dissemination of knowledge and culture. As more and more of our textual communication moves into the digital realm we have reached a crucial moment in the history of textual transmission. In many respects digital text looks deceptively like print. But beneath the surface of the screen, digital textuality obeys very different rules than printed text. The digital textual universe offers a wealth of new and exciting possibilities--but it also sets new rules for the writer's and reader's engagement with text. Changing our textual mind analyses the continuities and discontinuities in textual transmission as we move from a print paradigm into an increasingly digital world. It conceptualises the epochal transition from analogue to digital both in factual terms and in terms of its social significance. Centuries of reading and writing practice have made us Homo typographicus. Our entire way of disseminating knowledge and culture is firmly based on print culture. The need to come to grips with the shift to digital textuality in the early twenty-first century will literally change our minds.
Great staff
Teaching bibliography, textual criticism, and book history
The grand chorus of complaint : authors and the business ethics of American publishing
The business of books : how international conglomerates took over publishing and changed the way we read
Joukkoviestimet 1998 = Finnish mass media
The book trade in Finland : from author to reader - support measures and development in the book trade
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
The complete guide to book marketing
Value-based pricing of ICT services at CitiusNet Ltd
Books for sale : the advertising and promotion of print since the fifteenth century
Gutenberg's apprentice : a novel
The history and cultural heritage of Chinese calligraphy, printing and library work
Émigrés : the transformation of art publishing in Britain
The bookshop of the world : the role of the Low Countries in the book-trade, 1473-1941
The book gives you solid marketing tips for selling your e-book, including using blogging and social media and how to build an online platform. Helps readers navigate the confusing, time-consuming, and often costly world of self-publishing an e-book. Provides both technical how-tos as well solid marketing advice on how to sell your e-book using Facebook, Twitter, Goodreads, and other social media sites. Covers essential technologies, such as Smashwords, iBooks Author, Amazon, Microsoft Word, Open Office, Calibre, WordPress, and E-junkie. Explores e-book devices, including Kindle, Kobo, Sony Reader, Nook, iPad, and other tablets.
This is not the end of the book : a conversation curated by Jean-Philippe de Tonnac
This book is the definitive story of Amazon.com, one of the most successful companies in the world, and of its driven, brilliant founder, Jeff Bezos. Amazon.com started off delivering books through the mail. But its visionary founder, Jeff Bezos, wasn't content with being a bookseller. He wanted Amazon to become the everything store, offering limitless selection and seductive convenience at disruptively low prices. To do so, he developed a corporate culture of relentless ambition and secrecy that's never been cracked. Until now. Brad Stone enjoyed unprecedented access to current and former Amazon employees and Bezos family members, giving readers the first in-depth, fly-on-the-wall account of life at Amazon. Compared to tech's other elite innovators -- Jobs, Gates, Zuckerberg -- Bezos is a private man. But he stands out for his restless pursuit of new markets, leading Amazon into risky new ventures like the Kindle and cloud computing, and transforming retail in the same way Henry Ford revolutionized manufacturing. The Everything Store will be the revealing, definitive biography of the company that placed one of the first and largest bets on the Internet and forever changed the way we shop and read.-- Publisher information.
Printing places : locations of book production & distribution since 1500
The Publishing game : publish a book in 30 days
$30 writing school
Improving the effectiveness of staff training in a hotel : case study: Hotel X
Book business : statistics 2004.
The publishing business : from p-books to e-books
Enterprises energy sustainability: ICT approach
From oracles bones to E-publications : three millennia of publishing in China
Obelisk : a history of Jack Kahane and the Obelisk Press
Book business : statistics 2005.
"An interdisciplinary study on the emergence and function of publishers' cloth bindings in the 19th century"--
The new information professionals : proceedings of the Singapore-Malaysia congress of librarian and information scientists, Singapore 4-6 September 1986
Blue book of China's cultural industries : annual report on the development of China's cultural industries
From the early Sumerian clay tablet through to the emergence of the electronic text, this companion provides a continuous and coherent account of the history of the book. This title makes use of illustrative examples and case studies of well-known texts. It was written by a group of expert contributors. It covers topical debates, such as the nature of censorship and the future of the book.
Rethinking paper & ink : the sustainable publishing revolution
Information and documentation - international standard book numbering (ISBN) = Information et documentation - numéro international normalisé du livre (ISBN)
