http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17315 brain diseases
brain diseases
Positional cloning of the infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis gene
The Social brain : evolution and pathology
Omega-3 fatty acids, the brain and retina
Assessment of pathogens transmissible by blood
Neurology secrets
Cortical thickness analysis in early diagnostics of Alzheimer's disease
Cooperation and networking on white matter disorders : the European task force on age-related white matter changes
Transmissible spongiform encephalopathies : the European Union's research response to a major public and animal health challenge
Brain-based communication disorders
Magnetic resonance imaging of the brain and spine
Biofeedback for the brain : how neurotherapy effectively treats depression, ADHD, autism, and more
Intraoperative imaging guided delineation and localization of regions of surgical interest : feasibility study
Novel animal models and gene therapy applications for glioblastoma multiforme
Natural compounds as therapeutic agents for amyloidogenic diseases
The 1st World Congress on Geriatrics and Neurodegenerative Disease Research (GeNeDis 2014), will focus on recent advances in geriatrics and neurodegeneration, ranging from basic science to clinical and pharmaceutical developments and will provide an international forum for the latest scientific discoveries, medical practices and care initiatives. Advances information technologies will be discussed along with their implications for various research, implementation and policy concerns. In addition, the conference will address European and global issues in the funding of long-term care and medico-social policies regarding elderly people. GeNeDis 2014 takes place in Corfu, Greece, 10-13 April 2014. This volume focuses on the sessions that address geriatrics.
Neuroanatomy through clinical cases
Molecular genetics of the late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (LINCL) : one gene (CLN5) and two gene loci (CLN2 and CLN6)
Adult rehabilitation : a team approach for therapists
Non-neoplastic diseases of the central nervous system
Dr Robert Kaplan, a forensic-psychiatrist and researcher, set out to explore the various brain diseases or conditions that have made some people very famous (or infamous), and often changed the course of history.
Neuroradiologic findings in rare inherited neurologic diseases of childhood : muscle-eye-brain disease, mitochondrial disorders and infantile onset spinocerebellar ataxia
Effect of experimental hepatic encephalopathy on striatal and cortical glutamatergic modulation of dopaminenergic neurotransmission
Bad moves : how decision making goes wrong, and the ethics of smart drugs
Brain maker : the power of gut microbes to heal and protect your brain - for life
Neurotransmitter Interactions and Cognitive Function
Principles and practice of behavioral neurology and neuropsychology
This book employs a philosophical approach to the new wounded (brain lesion patients) to stage a confrontation between psychoanalysis and contemporary neurobiology, focused on the issue of trauma and psychic wounds. It thereby reevaluates the brain as an organ that is not separated from psychic life but rather at its center. The new wounded suffer from psychic wounds that traditional psychoanalysis, with its emphasis on the psyche's need to integrate events into its own history, cannot understand or cure. They are victims of various cerebral lesions or attacks, including degenerative brain diseases such as Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. Changes caused by cerebral lesions frequently manifest themselves as an unprecedented metamorphosis in the patient's identity. A person with Alzheimer's disease, for example, is not--or not only--someone who has changed or been modified but rather a subject who has become someone else. The behavior of subjects who are victims of sociopolitical traumas, such as abuse, war, terrorist attacks, or sexual assaults, displays striking resemblances to that of subjects who have suffered brain damage. Thus today the border separating organic trauma and sociopolitical trauma is increasingly porous. Effacing the limits that separate neurobiology from sociopathy, brain damage tends also to blur the boundaries between history and nature. At the same time, it reveals that political oppression today assumes the guise of a traumatic blow stripped of all justification. We are thus dealing with a strange mixture of nature and politics, in which politics takes on the appearance of nature, and nature disappears in order to assume the mask of politics.
Positional cloning of the CLN5 gene
The effectiveness of rehabilitation for cognitive deficits
Connor's brain
Intracranial stereotactic radiosurgery
Cognitive and perceptual rehabilitation : optimizing function
α-Synuclein pathology in very elderly Finns : a population-based clinico-neuropathologic and molecular genetic study of Dementia with Lewy bodies
A host of neurotransmitters and neuroactive substances underlies respiratory regulation in health and disease. The centerpiece of investigations regarding adaptation to hypoxia and sensorial perception has been the dopaminergic system. It is now clear that a complex interaction among various neuroactive substances, rather than a single one, forms the basis of respiratory changes. The research on neurotransmitter interactions provides the knowledge of how the brain functions and a new level of understanding of mind-to-body connection, which opens up avenues for novel therapeutic interventions.
Mitochondrial disease in Southwestern Finland : population-based molecular genetic and clinical studies
Microglial response to inflammatory stimuli-impact of protein acetylation and phosphorylation
A compendium of tests, scales and questionnaires : the practitioner's guide to measuring outcomes after acquired brain impairment
Mediators of inflammation in cerebral ischemia : roles of cytokine and cyclooxygenase-2 activation : expression of interleukin-1β, tumor necrosis factor-α, their receptors, and cyclooxygenase-2 in experimental and clinical brain infarction
Mapping the mind
Brain atrophy in mild cognitive impairment : MRI volumetric and voxel-based method study
The human brain book
The roles of chronobiological and socioeconomic factors in the occurrence of cerebrovascular diseases
Depressive and anxious symptomatology in relation to a primary brain tumor : prospective study of neurosurgical patients in Northern Finland
Cerebrospinal fluid and plasma biomarkers in the differential diagnosis of neurodegenerative diseases
Integrating near-infrared spectroscopy to synchronous multimodal neuroimaging : applications and novel findings
The human frontal lobes : functions and disorders
Abnormal psychology : core concepts
Does stress damage the brain? : understanding trauma-related disorders from a mind-body perspective
KCC2 as a multifunctional protein in brain development and disease
Molecular cloning of the brain ischemia -inducible rat protein kinase C delta (PKCdelta) and its activation in neuronal preconditioning models
Summary.
Coccidioidomycosis : Sixth International Symposium
"The Handbook of Stress: Neuropsychological Effects on the Brain is an authoritative guide to the effects of stress on brain health, with a collection of articles that reflect the most recent findings in the field. Presents cutting edge findings on the effects of stress on brain health Examines stress influences on brain plasticity across the lifespan, including links to anxiety, PTSD, and clinical depression Features contributions by internationally recognized experts in the field of brain health Serves as an essential reference guide for scholars and advanced students "--Provided by publisher.
The soul in the brain : the cerebral basis of language, art, and belief
Alcohol consumption, atherosclerosis and stroke : epidemiologic follow-up study in middle-aged Finnish men
Verbal memory in newly diagnosed partial epilepsy : a neuropsychological study
Tay-Sachs disease
Alpha-synuclein as a regulator of synaptic signalling
Connor began his second life at the age of fifteen. He started it with a thirty-mile-an-hour brain. Connor's first life ended when a virus in his brain stripped him of almost everything - his memory, language and a sense of time. Now Connor lives in a permanent present that he doesn't understand. The 'new' Connor doesn't recognise or remember his parents, his brother, his friends - or his girlfriend Hattie. New-Connor can't remember the old Connor, but there are people who can. People who have reasons to keep him quiet - or to hurt him. Because old-Connor had a dark past.
Why isn't my brain working? : a revolutionary understanding of brain decline and effective strategies to recover your brain's health
Body Metabolism and Exercise
An illustrated pocketbook of parkinson's disease and related disorders
Molecular and cellular biology of infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (INCL)
PET and MR imaging in Parkinson's disease patients with cognitive impairment : a study of dopaminergic dysfunction, amyloid deposition, cortical hypometabolism and brain atrophy
Quantitative EEG, event-related potentials and neurotherapy
Ensiapu sairauskohtauksissa = First aid in attacks of illness = Första hjälpen vid sjukdomsattacker
Fatal flaws : how a misfolded protein baffled scientists and changed the way we look at the brain
The handbook of stress : neuropsychological effects on the brain
The new wounded : from neurosis to brain damage
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar--your brain's silent killers
Occupational chronic solvent encephalopathy in Finland 1995-2007 : incidence and diagnostic methods
"Samson Greene has been missing or eight days when he is discovered wandering through the Nevada desert, 'ragged as a crow' and with on idea who he is. He is rushed to hospital where doctors save his life, but all his memories after the age of twelve have been permanently lost. Now, as he looks around the beautiful apartment he apparently shares with his wife and which is filled with all the souvenirs of a life well lived, Samson feels nothing more than a vague admiration. In her first novel Nicole Krauss tells the story of a man suddenly liberated from the life he has made, disconnected from the people who have defined him. Withdrawing from a wife he has no memory of loving, Samson plunges weightless into the future. But when he agrees to participate in a revolutionary experiment, what he gains is nothing short of the revelation of what it is to be a human being." -- (Back Cover)
Functional cerebral SPECT and PET imaging
Plum and Posner's diagnosis of stupor and coma
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland : molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Occupational therapy and physical dysfunction : principles, skills and practice
The 1st World Congress on Geriatrics and Neurodegenerative Disease Research (GeNeDis 2014), will focus on recent advances in geriatrics and neurodegeneration, ranging from basic science to clinical and pharmaceutical developments and will provide an international forum for the latest scientific discoveries, medical practices and care initiatives. Advances information technologies will be discussed along with their implications for various research, implementation and policy concerns. In addition, the conference will address European and global issues in the funding of long-term care and medico-social policies regarding elderly people. GeNeDis 2014 takes place in Corfu, Greece, 10-13 April 2014. This volume focuses on the sessions that address neurodegenerative diseases.
Imaging and the aging brain
Neuroprotective effects of tetracycline derivatives in primary cell culture models of excitotoxicity and inflammation
Sphingolipid activator proteins in neuronal ceroid-lipofuscinoses
The empathy problem
Chemoarchitectonic and connectional characteristics of the rat amygdaloid complex and changes of amygdalohippocampal connectivity in temporal lobe epilepsy
Applied neuropsychology of attention : theory, diagnosis and rehabilitation
Sheldon short guide to memory problems
Batten disease : diagnosis, treatment, and research
GeNeDis 2014 : geriatrics
Genetic modulation of age-associated brain pathology : a population-based molecular genetic study on Finns aged 85 years or over
Actions of alcohol and ischaemic brain infarction
Developmental neuropsychology : a clinical approach
Expression and functions of cystatin C in epileptogenesis and epilepsy
Occupational therapy : practice skills for physical dysfunction
Higurashi when they cry : Festival accompanying arc. 2
Disturbances of the mind
Frontotemporal lobar degeneration in Finland : Molecular genetics and clinical aspects
Expertddx : brain and spine
Osborn's brain : imaging, pathology, and anatomy
Leukoencephalopathies in childhood : delineation of phenotypes
Assistive technologies and other supports for people with brain impairment
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Man walks into a room : a novel
Amyloid-β deposition in the brains of subjects with cerebrovascular disease, diabetes, synucleinopathy and alcohol abuse : a human post mortem study
Acquired language disorders : a case-based approach
The dynamics of body metabolism are changed in the disease process and interact with physical activity. The alteration of metabolism and its consequences raise the need for simple and reliable methods for assessment of body composition. The chapters aim to investigate various interacting components converging on metabolic changes in lung and muscle tissues taking into consideration the drug effects. The effects of exercise and nutritional status are dealt with at a great extent.
Impact of α-synuclein pathology on aging
The exceptional brain : and how it changed the world
The molecular defect in infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar : your brain's silent killers
Low-field magnetic resonance imaging of a pyocephalus and a suspected brain abscess in a German shepherd dog
Clinical decision making in rehabilitation : efficacy and outcomes
