http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1732 economic integration
economic integration
Economic integration in Southern Africa. Vol. 3, Integrating the region's natural and human resources
Industry and West European integration. 2
An evaluation of the effects of national aids for Southern Finland
Asia's borderless economy : the emergence of subregional economic zones
Policy issues in the European Union : a reader in the political economy of European integration
Cooperation and competition in a common market : studies of the formation of MERCOSUR : with 9 figures and 60 tables
L'Europe et la Méditerranée = Europe and the Mediterranean
Handbook of economic integration and cooperation groupings of developing countries. Vol. 1, Regional and subregional economic integration groupings
Regionalism and subregionalism in East Asia : the dynamics of China
African integration and disintegration : case studies in economic a. political union
Proceedings of the Workshop on Economic Policy in European Integration
Centralization versus pluralism : a historical examination of political-economic struggles and swings within some leading nations
An agenda for the Western Balkans : from elite politics to social sustainability
European markets and management action : making sense of a Europe without frontiers
ASEAN in the WTO : challenges and responses
Arab economic integration : between hope and reality
Abstract: EU single market : the evolution of the European single market. The purpose of this study paper was to define what is the EU Single Market in theory, how it began and to compare it with the current reality. Problems achieving political objectives in the 1990s. Also, what it has turned into today i.e. the EU's enlargements 2004 and 2007 to 27. Demographics and what kind of economic convergence takes place in new member states. The methodology used in this study was qualitative. They consisted of both source books and newspaper articles, and the internet news agencies e.g. Financial Times, Telegraph, and web sources of the European Commission. The results revealed that the Union has many issues and failures. It is also clear that stability is difficult to maintain as many factors influence the situation of the Union e.g. different economies of the member states in the South and North, convergence issues. GDP is not a perfect measurement to see what is going on because even if the GDP is high it may not mean that a state is wealthy. The conclusion of the study was that the EU is a political union. Its enlargement is hard to understand as the criteria used to assess eligibility of a state are very subjective. The contemporary issues with such member states as Latvia, Greece, Ireland, Spain and Estonia joining Euro currency as an example of success while other states struggle make the EU look very political union rather than economic one.
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
European business law review
Journal of common market studies : JCMS
Intra-industry trade and integration : some evidence on the Finnish case 1976-1989
International trade and regional integration : a case study of selected Southern African economies
Past, present and future of European integration : esitelmä Paasikivi-seuran kokouksessa 27.10.1988
A handbook on the European Economic Community
Costs and benefits of a common currency for ASEAN
The Economics of European Intergration - Theory, Practice, Policy
Trade blocs and common markets
Economic integration : aspects and problems
Globalization and development in Latin America
The Eurasian Economic Union : breaking the pattern of post-Soviet integration?
Poland's foreign policy after 1989
View from the 19th floor : reflections of the first APEC executive director
Regional integration and developing countries
Demand for knowledge in the process of European economic integration
Building market institutions in South Eastern Europe : comparative prospects for investment and private sector development
Germany and the transnational building blocks for post-national community
Broad guidelines of the economic policies 1999
Central American regional integration
Hong Kong's reunion with China : the global dimensions
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
The uniting of Europe : political, social, and economic forces, 1950-1957
Europe : nine panel studies by experts from Central and Eastern Europe : an examination of the post liberation problem of the position of Central and Eastern European nations in a free European Community
EU single market : the evolution of the European single market
Economic integration : theoretical assumptions and consequences of European unification
Industry and West European integration. 1
Integration cycles in the Eurozone stock markets
Regional trade integration in South East Europe : benefits and challenges : proceedings of international conference
Convergence, cohesion and integration in the European Union
Free trade area between China and European Union : idea or reality?
What price integration? : price differentials in Europe : the case of Finland
EU Single Market  : The evolution of the European Single Market
Broad guidelines of the economic policies 2001
Regional integration and the state : the changing nature of sovereignty in Southern Africa and Europe
India-ASEAN economic relations : meeting the challenges of globalization
International economic integration: limits and prospects
Industrial enterprise and European integration : from national to international champions in Western Europe
Emission policy in an economic union with poisson technological change
Europe relaunched : truths and illusions on the way to 1992
European integration : an introduction
Regional co-operation and integration in Asia, [held in Paris on 3-4 July 1995]
Economic integration in Southern Africa. Vol. 2, Integrating regional markets and infrastructure
The Russian Far East today : regional transformations under globalization = Dal'nij Vostok Rossii : regional'nye izmeneniâ v usloviâh globalizacii
Composite paper 1999 : reports on progress towards accession by each of the candidate countries : document drawn up on the basis of COM(1999) 500
European integration, monetary co-ordination, and the demand for money
Broad guidelines of the economic policies 2000
European forestry : a global perspective
Integration, labor market regulation, lobbying, and technological change
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
The tendency towards regionalization in international trade 1928-1956
New developments in the study of economic integration
Creating a Eurasian union : economic integration of the former Soviet republics
Nordic stock market integration
Economic integration, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
European trade policy : disintegrating region
The integration of the European economy since 1815
Financial Integration of European Frontier Emerging Markets
The globalization reader
The theory of economic integration
Essays on emerging financial markets, political institutions and development differences
Fragmented Asia : regional integration and national disintegration in Pacific Asia
Broad guidelines of the economic policies 2002
Economic growth with political lobbying and wage bargaining
Emission policy in an economic union with Poisson technological change
Structural power relationships of dependency
The economics of European integration : theory, practice, policy
International financial integration : history, theory and applications in OECD countries
Explorations in OEEC history
Anthropological perspectives on economic development and integration
Financial integration and real activity
The EEA agreement and the financial markets
International emission policy with lobbying and technological change
Finnish engineering industry companies and the European integration : the impact of the economic integration in Western Europe on the activities of Finnish engineering industry companies
European business
Completing the internal market for industrial products
The economics of Soviet break-up
An econometric study of the effects of economic integration on Finnish economy
Measures strengthening the negotiating capacity of governments in their relations with transnational corporations : regional integration cum/versus corporate integration : a technical paper
Economic integration in Southern Africa. Vol. 1
The European Community in perspective : the new Europe, the United States, and the world
Hardening a soft budget constraint through 'upward devolution' to a supranational institution : the case of Italian state-owned firms and the European Union
Britain, Germany and the future of the European Union
Monetary integration in Europe
The socio-economic impact of air transport on small regions in Finland : case study: the Kokkola-Pietarsaari airport region
Economic integration in Southern Africa
Behind the myth of European Union : prospects for cohesion
This paper examines an economic union where oligopolistic firms produce by skilled and unskilled labor and do R&D by skilled labor. The planner of the union accepts new members to the union, deregulates the product market through anti-trust policy and regulates the labor market through a minimum wage for unskilled labor. Firms and workers lobby the planner for prospective policy. It is shown that in the political equilibrium small unions apply product market deregulation, but large unions labor market deregulation. When an economic union grows, it will replace regulation by deregulation in the labor market.
Assessing regional integration in Africa 2008 : towards monetary and financial integration in Africa
The logic of regional integration
European integration : trade and industry
International business : the new realities
The post-NAFTA political economy : Mexico and the Western Hemisphere
Economic integration in Europe
The political dynamics of European economic integration
European economic integration : a challenge in a changing world
Integration, regulation, lobbying by firms and workers and technological change
Macroeconomic policy analysis for regional cooperation in the ESCWA region : the effect of real exchange rate variability on intraregional trade
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
The sectoral impact of the internal market
The EES and trade in manufactured goods
The future of socialist economic integration
Economic integration in Southern Africa : executive summary
The economic crisis and European integration
