http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17347 animal rights
animal rights
Global Journal of Animal Law
Ethics in the real world : 82 brief essays on things that matter
Rattling the cage : toward legal rights for animals
The animal rights debate
Minding animals : awareness, emotions and heart
Farm sanctuary : changing hearts and minds about animals and food
The feminist care tradition in animal ethics : a reader
Protecting and transferring biotech inventions
Animal property rights : a theory of habitat rights for wild animals
Animal liberation, environmental ethics and domestication
Animal lovers, bridge-builders and supervising watchdogs : framing and civil society construction by Japanese pro-animal organizations in the Kansai and Tokyo areas
The aesthetics of care : on the literary treatment of animals
Taking animals seriously : mental life and moral status
Why look at animals?
The specter of speciesism : Buddhist and Christian views of animals
Man vs beast
The animal rights movement in America : from compassion to respect
Animal sacrifices : religious perspectives on the use of animals in science
Animals and society : an introduction to human-animal studies
Animal rights and human obligations
In defence of animals
Being animal : beasts and boundaries in nature ethics
The moral status of animals
Is anthropomorphism a scientific sin? Scientists and animal researchers routinely warn against "animal stories," and contrast rigorous explanations and observation to facile and even fanciful projections about animals. Yet many of us, scientists and researchers included, continue to see animals as humans and humans as animals. As this innovative new collection demonstrates, humans use animals to transcend the confines of self and species; they also enlist them to symbolize, dramatize, and illuminate aspects of humans' experience and fantasy. Humans merge with animals in stories, films, philosophical speculations, and scientific treatises. In their performance with humans on many stages and in different ways, animals move us to think.
Animal rights
Food ethics
Animals and why they matter
Sacred cows and golden geese : the human cost of experiments on animals
The school and the animal other : an ethnography of human-animal relations in education
Vegan : the new ethics of eating
Animal rights : a subject guide, bibliography and Internet companion
Making a killing : the political economy of animal rights
Unlocking the cage : science and the case for animal rights
An introduction to animals and political theory
Animal revolution : changing attitudes towards speciesism
A theory of justice for animals : animal rights in a nonideal world
Animal rights, human rights : ecology, economy and ideology in the Canadian arctic
A founder of an organization dedicated to promoting the compassionate treatment of animals and combating factory farming addresses the ethics of breeding animals for food, exposing inhumane practices utilized by typical food-production companies.
In Beyond Animal Rights, Josephine Donovan and Carol J. Adams introduced feminist "ethic of care" theory into philosophical discussions of the treatment of animals. In this new volume, seven essays from Beyond Animal Rights are joined by nine new articles-most of which were written in response to that book-and a new introduction that situates feminist animal care theory within feminist theory and the larger debate over animal rights. Contributors critique theorists' reliance on natural rights doctrine and utilitarianism, which, they suggest, have a masculine bias. They argue for ethical attentiveness and sympathy in our relationships with animals and propose a link between the continuing subjugation of women and the human domination of nature. Beginning with the earliest articulation of the idea in the mid-1980s and continuing to the theory's most recent revisions, this volume presents the most complete portrait of the evolution of the feminist-care tradition.
Leading feminist scholars and activists as well as new voices introduce and explore themes central to contemporary ecofeminism. Ecofeminism: Feminist Intersections with Other Animals and the Earth first offers an historical, grounding overview that situates ecofeminist theory and activism and provides a timeline for important publications and events. This is followed by contributions from leading theorists and activists on how our emotions and embodiment can and must inform our relationships with the more than human world. In the final section, the contributors explore the complexities of appreciating difference and the possibilities of living less violently. Throughout the book, the authors engage with intersections of gender and gender non-conformity, race, sexuality, disability, and species. The result is a new up-to-date resource for students and teachers of animal studies, environmental studies, feminist/gender studies, and practical ethics.
The Islamic tradition has always held animals in high esteem, deserving the same level of consideration as humans. The Qur'an opines that 'there is not an animal in the earth nor a flying creature flying on two wings, but they are people like you'. This fascinating and highly original book examines the status and nature of animals as they are portrayed in the Qur'an and in adjacent exegetical works, in which animals are viewed as spiritual, moral, intelligent and accountable beings. In this way, the study presents a challenge to the prevalent view of man's superiority over animals and suggests new ways of interpreting the Qur'an. By placing the discussion within the context of other religions and their treatment of animals, the book also makes a persuasive case for animal rights from an Islamic perspective.
The unheeded cry : animal consciousness, animal pain and science
"Gary Steiner argues that ethologists and philosophers in the analytic and continental traditions have largely failed to advance an adequate explanation of animal behavior. Critically engaging the positions of Marc Hauser, Daniel Dennett, Donald Davidson, John Searle, Martin Heidegger, and Hans-Georg Gadamer, among others, Steiner shows how the Western philosophical tradition has forced animals into human experiential categories in order to make sense of their cognitive abilities and moral status and how desperately we need a new approach to animal rights."--BOOK JACKET.
All that dwell therein : animal rights and environmental ethics
Animals in the Qur'an
Euthanasia of experimental animals
Ecofeminism : feminist intersections with other animals and the earth
Peter Singer is often described as the world's most influential philosopher. He is also one of its most controversial. The author of important books such as Animal Liberation, Practical Ethics, Rethinking Life and Death, and The Life You Can Save, he helped launch the animal rights and effective altruism movements and contributed to the development of bioethics. Now, in Ethics in the Real World, Singer shows that he is also a master at dissecting important current events in a few hundred words. In this book of brief essays, he applies his controversial ways of thinking to issues like climate change, extreme poverty, animals, abortion, euthanasia, human genetic selection, sports doping, the sale of kidneys, the ethics of high-priced art, and ways of increasing happiness. Singer asks whether chimpanzees are people, smoking should be outlawed, or consensual sex between adult siblings should be decriminalized, and he reiterates his case against the idea that all human life is sacred, applying his arguments to some recent cases in the news.
Civilized creatures : urban animals, sentimental culture, and American literature, 1850-1900
Brute science : dilemmas of animal experimentation
Writings on an ethical life
The case for animal rights
Rights, killing, and suffering : moral vegetarianism and applied ethics
"Through a mix of personal stories, philosophical reflections and scientifically informed analyses of animal behavior and natural history, a bioethicist takes readers on a mindful exploration of the ethics and experiences of pet ownership, and asks if we are doing the right thing, keeping these independent beings locked up, subject to our control,"--
Animal theology
Some we love, some we hate, some we eat : why it's so hard to think straight about animals
Applied ethics : a non-consequentialist approach
The vegan studies project : food, animals, and gender in the age of terror
Unsanctifying human life : essays on ethics
Critical animal studies : thinking the unthinkable
On moral considerability : an essay on who morally matters
Animal rights : a historical anthology
Animal minds and human morals : the origins of the Western debate
Dominion : the power of man, the suffering of animals, and the call to mercy
How to make a human : animals and violence in the Middle Ages
Humans, animals, and society : an introduction to human-animal studies
Animal rights : a philosophical defence
Animal rights : current debates and new directions
The lives of animals
The animal rights crusade : the growth of a moral protest
Arctic wars, animal rights, endangered peoples
Understanding animal welfare : the science in its cultural context
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
The moral equality of humans and animals
J. M. Coetzee and the idea of the public intellectual
Political theory and animal rights
Animal rights and wrongs
Beyond animal rights : food, pets and ethics
Animal welfare legislation in Canada and Germany : a comparison
The end of animal life: a start for ethical debate : ethical and societal considerations on killing animals
"A maverick scientist who co-founded the field of anthrozoology offers a controversial, thought-provoking, and unprecedented exploration of the psychology behind the inconsistent and often paradoxical ways we think, feel, and behave towards animals".
Run, Spot, run : the ethics of keeping pets
Animal philosophy : essential readings in continental thought
Environmental ethics : readings in theory and application
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
Thinking with animals : new perspectives on anthropomorphism
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Animal rights & human morality
Zoos and animal rights : the ethics of keeping animals
Striking at the roots : a practical guide to animal activism
"Eating Animals" is a riveting expose which presents the gut-wrenching truth about the price paid by the environment, the government, the Third World and the animals themselves in order to put meat on our tables more quickly and conveniently than ever before. Interweaving a variety of monologues and balancing humour and suspense with informed rationalism, "Eating Animals" is as much a novelistic account of an intellectual journey as it is a fresh and open look at the ethical debate around meat-eating. Unlike most other books on the subject, "Eating Animals" also explores the possibilities for those who do eat meat to do so more responsibly, making this an important book not just for vegetarians, but for anyone who is concerned about the ramifications and significance of their chosen lifestyle.
We are all completely beside ourselves
Animals and the moral community : mental life, moral status, and kinship
