http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17321 youth choirs
youth choirs
Letters to Lindbergh : Choral music by Richard Rodney Bennett
Music for a ceremony
Songs building bridges
The beauty of the earth
St Nicolas, op. 42 : A Cantata
Warm ups & work outs : For the developing choir : volume 2
Sounds of tapiola
The secrets of the Tapiola sound
Sacred songs
Choir builders : for growing voices. 2, 24 more vocal exercises for warm-up & workout
Songs for the young church choir. 1
The Tapiola Children's Choir
Bluebird : voices from heaven
Right on be free
Gloria in excelsis Deo
Benjamin Britten, Bob Chilcott
Roald Dahl's Matilda : the musical
Around the world : international folk songs
Hold fast your dreams. Op.73 (1996) : for children's choir (unaccompanied)
Fast cats and mysterious cows : Songs from America
Carols from King's
Lively children's choir : joyful, playful, dancing : incentives and examples
Light my fire
Innocence and Despair
A second youth song book : for SAB voices and piano or guitar
Dreams
Songs from the movies
Joy : highlights of the world-famous children's choir
Essential repertoire for the young choir
Revontulet = Northern lights = Aurora borealis
Voices for tomorrow : Sixth International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Choral director's guide
Music, a universal language : 31 folksongs from 21 different countries : with an arrangement of each song for 2- or 3-part children's or youth choir
Christmas carols from St. John's
Junior choral club. [Book 1], Blue book
Rainbow sounds
Junior choral club. [Book 2], Orange book
We will sing! : Choral music experience for classroom choirs
Warm ups & work outs : For the developing choir
Pop för skolkör. 1, 17 melodier i arrangemang for skolkör
Christmas carols : The twelfth day of christmas
Prokofiev's Music for Children
Little voices. Film musicals
Runo = Northern lights
Essential repertoire for the young choir : Essential elements for choir : Level one : mixed
Choral music methods and materials : developing successful choral programs (grades 5 to 12)
