http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17362 Hanseatic league
Hanseatic league Hansa
Baltic sagas : events and personalities that changed the world
England and the German Hanse, 1157–1611 : A Study of their Trade and Commercial Diplomacy
Power and politeness : languages and salutation formulas in correspondence between Sweden and the German Hanse
Lübeck as a centre of Hansa trade : had Turku and Finland a role in the tradepolicy of Hansa?
The medieval town in the Baltic: hanseatic history and archaeology
The Hansa towns (1891)
Mare Balticum : the Baltic - two thousand years
The bonds of trade : economic institutions in pre-modern Northern Europe
The Hansa : history and culture
Forces of the Hanseatic League 13th-15th centuries
The Companion to the Hanseatic League discusses the importance of the Hanseatic League for the social and economic history of pre-modern northern Europe. Established already as early as the twelfth century, the towns that formed the Hanseatic League created an important network of commerce throughout the Baltic and North Sea area. From Russia in the east, to England and France in the west, the cities of the Hanseatic League created a vast northern maritime trade network. The aim of this volume is to present a 'state' of the field English-language volume by some of the most respected Hanse scholars. Contributors are Mike Burkhardt, Ulf Christian Ewert, Rolf Hammel-Kiesow, Donald J. Harreld, Carsten Jahnke, Michael North, Jörgen Sarnowsky and Stephan Selzer.
Hanseatic trade and Finland
Hanseatic city of Rostock
England and the German Hanse, 1157-1611 : a study of their trade and commercial diplomacy
Trade, diplomacy and cultural exchange : continuity and change in the North Sea area and the Baltic, c. 1350-1750
The legacy of the Hansa : the Baltic economic region
The Baltic ceramic market c. 1200-1600: an archaeology of the Hanse
Finland, Tallinn and the Hanseatic League : foreign trade and the orientation of roads in Medieval Finland
Germany's northern challenge : the Holy Roman Empire and the Scandinavian struggle for the Baltic, 1563-1576
The archaeology of the Hansa : rediscovering cultural identity in Northern Europe
Time for a Hansa revival
This study brings to life the community of trans-Atlantic merchants who established strong economic, political, and cultural ties between the United States and the city-republic of Bremen, Germany in the nineteenth century. Lars Maischak shows that the success of Bremen's merchants in helping make an industrial-capitalist world market created the conditions of their ultimate undoing: the new economy of industrial capitalism gave rise to democracy and the nation-state, undermining the political and economic power of this mercantile elite. Maischak argues that the experience of Bremen's merchants is representative of the transformation of the role of merchant capital in the first wave of globalization, with implications for our understanding of modern capitalism, in general.
Europe of the North Sea and the Baltic : the world of the Hanse
Pre-modern, long-distance trade was conducted in a highly complex and uncertain environment. Besides for the lack of personal security, trade was characterized by slow communication, asymmetric information, and limited contract enforceability. There was no state in the modern sense to protect merchants. Despite these overwhelming problems, trade, and even overseas trade, flourished in medieval and early modern Europe. This book explores this paradox: how could trade thrive and the economy expand under uncertainties of many kinds? Over the past two or three decades, enormous advances have been made in explaining how institutions support the economy. This book contributes to the intense discussion on institutions and institutional change. It builds on the careful examination of long-distance trade in the Baltic Sea region over a long period of time and presents a new method to identify past institutions. It challenges previous attempts to explain the pre-modern expansion of trade by institutions that governed intra-group relations. Mika Kallioinen argues that the fundamental problem of institutional development was how to create institutions that could advance a regularity of behavior between a large number of distant communities and between merchants who did not necessarily know one another. The question was how to provide security and enhance trust when trading crossed the geographical, cultural, and political boundaries that separated communities. This book extends the limits of our understanding of such inter-community institutions and their implications for later economic development.
German merchants in the nineteenth-century Atlantic
The German Hanse was the most successful and most far-flung trade association that existed in medieval and early-modern Europe. Inevitably it appears prominently in every general study of trade, sometimes under the label of 'the Hanseatic League'. This, however, is the first study to be devoted to relations between the Hanse and England throughout the entire period of their contact, which lasted for some 500 years. The composition of trade is analysed, and the fluctuations in its volume and value are reconstructed from primary sources, chiefly customs accounts. But trade was often made possible only by intensive political and diplomatic bargaining between the two sides, sometimes at the level of merchant and merchant, at other times between the English government and the Hanse diet, the highest authority within the German organisation. This aspect of the relationship is explored in equal detail.
Seafarers, merchants and pirates in the Middle Ages
A companion to the Hanseatic League
The rise of the Baltic question
The German Hansa and Bergen 1100-1600
The legacy of the Hansa
The emergence of international business 1200-1800.: Vol. 1, The German Hansa
Power and politeness
Moscow, Livonia and the hanseatic league 1487-1550
The edge of the world : how the North Sea made us who we are
Life in Hanseatic Turku
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Cargoes, embargoes, and emissaries : the commercial and political interaction of England and the German Hanse 1450-1510
The Baltic world
Elbląg, nowe spojrzenie na średniowieczne miasto : materiały z Międzynarodowej Konferencji Archeologcznej "Elblag '86" = Papers of the International Archaeological Conference "Elbląg '86" : the new look at medieval town
The Hanse in medieval and early modern Europe
The German Hansa
