http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17300 gender effects
gender effects
Diana E. H. Russell, well-known for her pioneer research on the prevalence of rape and child sexual abuse, the reality of wife rape, the trauma of incestuous abuse, and the misogynist killing of women (femicide), breaks new ground once again in her analysis of pornography and its relationship with misogyny and rape. In this unflinching and uncompromising volume, Diana E. H. Russell examines the relationships between pornography, misogyny, and rape. As the title implies, Russell contends that these relationships are in fact dangerous to women. Dangerous Relationships begins by dealing with the vexing and thorny issue of defining pornography and considers the various types of pornographic materials that are commonly available. Russell turns to the notion that hatred of women is a predominate aspect of pornography and that racist undercurrents are often exploited in visual pornography of all types. She examines the conception of pornography as a cause of rape and provides a rich body of statistical evidence supporting the relationship. Dangerous Relationships argues forcefully that pornography indeed has victims and is a call to arms against the misogyny it engenders. Because pornography is increasingly accessible through the Internet, CD ROMs, digital cameras, and new technology, Dangerous Relationships will be important to scholars in the fields of violence against women, child abuse, interpersonal violence, deviant psychology, sociology, and criminal justice.
Men are from Mars, women are from Venus : the definitive guide to relationships
Sex differences and similarities in communication
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Aids in Africa : its present and future impact
Gender in interaction : perspectives on femininity and masculinity in ethnography and discourse
Why Mars & Venus collide
Gender and natural resource management : livelihoods, mobility and interventions
Dangerous relationships : pornography, misogyny, and rape
Abstract.
Intimate fathers : the nature and context of Aka Pygmy paternal infant care
Gendered classroom practices and teachers' attitudes towards gender in lower secondary school EFL classes
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Supporting parenthood in interaction : a conversation analytic study of maternity and child health clinics
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
Gender and family change in industrialized countries
Women and men communicating : challenges and changes
This book presents an accessible and sometimes controversial economic exploration of numerous issues surrounding sex, marriage and family. It analyzes the role of 'vanity', defined as social status and self-esteem, in social and economic behaviors. In Veblen's theory of conspicuous consumption, vanity is associated with the consumption of luxuries such as expensive handbags and cars. In this book, Simon Fan provocatively argues that vanity is obtained by having a spouse and children with perceived 'high-quality' values, for example, a beautiful wife, a tall husband or intelligent offspring. He demonstrates from various perspectives that vanity plays a crucial role in male - female relationships and intergenerational relationships. In so doing, he challenges the conventional frontier of economics and contributes to other social sciences. This unique book will appeal to the educated general reader and interested academic alike.
The book examines the basic underpinnings of everyday interaction: from how we think, to who we see ourselves and others to be, to how we interact with others. Each of these processes is based on both social psychology and gender (as differentiated from sex), as well as our racial backgrounds, ethnic heritages, socioeconomic circumstances, sexualities, and national histories. The authors present and critique each of the major theories of social psychology, social exchange, social cognition, and symbolic interaction. In doing so, the book introduces a full array of key concepts in social psychology - perception, stereotyping, attribution, self-presentation, impression management, defining social situations, exchanging resources, and balancing power and dependence in social relations. The book also discusses two fundamental aspects of human behavior - the dynamics of helping and harming. The second edition incorporates discussions of contemporary psychological and sociological research and features powerful new examples, including 9/11 and the election of Barack Obama.
The sociology of gender : an introduction to theory and research
Cognitive functioning in midlife : assessment by Mild Deterioration Battery and CogniSpeedc
Sexing the brain
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
This book reassesses theories of agency and gender identity against the backdrop of changing relations between men and women in contemporary societies. McNay argues that recent thought on the formation of the modern subject offers a one-sided or negative account of agency, which underplays the creative dimension present in the responses of individuals to changing social relations. An understanding of this creative element is central to a theory of autonomous agency, and also to an explanation of the ways in which women and men negotiate changes within gender relations. In exploring the implications of this idea of agency for a theory of gender identity, McNay brings together the work of leading feminist theorists - such as Judith Butler and Nancy Fraser - with the work of key continental social theorists. In particular, she examines the work of Pierre Bourdieu, Paul Ricoeur and Cornelius Castoriadis, each of whom has explored different aspects of the idea of the creativity of action. McNay argues that their thought has interesting implications for feminist ideas of gender, but these have been relatively neglected partly because of the huge influence of the work of Michel Foucault and Jacques Lacan in this area. She argues that, despite its suggestive nature, feminist theory must move away from the ideas of Foucault and Lacan if a more substantive account of agency is to be introduced into ideas of gender identity. This book will appeal to students and scholars in the areas of social theory, gender studies and feminist theory.
Consumer behaviour
Gendered talk at work : constructing gender identity through workplace discourse
Vanity economics : an economic exploration of sex, marriage and family
Why are we so insistent that women and men are different? This introduction to gender provides a fascinating and genuinely readable exploration of how society divides people into feminine women and masculine men. It explores gender as a way of seeing women and men as not just biological organisms, but as people shaped by their everyday social world. Examining how gender has been understood and lived in the past; how it is understood and done differently by different cultures and groups within cultures; Mary Holmes considers the strengths and limitations of different ways of thinking and learning to 'do' gender.Key sociological and feminist ideas about gender are covered from Christine Pisan to Mary Wollstonecraft: from symbolic interactionism to second wave feminism through to the work of Judith Butler. The book illustrates gender with a range of familiar and contemporary examples: everything from nineteenth century fashions in China and Britain, to discussions of what Barbie can tell us about gender in America, to the lives of working women in Japan. This book will be of great use and interest to students to gender studies, sociology and feminist theory.
Men and women in interaction : reconsidering the differences
"Today more than ever, fatherhood demands constant improvisation, risk, and struggle. With grace, honesty, and strength, Rad Dad's writers tackle all the issues that other parenting guides are afraid to touch: the brutalities, beauties, and politics of the birth experience, the challenges of parenting on an equal basis with mothers, the tests faced by transgendered and gay fathers, the emotions of sperm donation, and parental confrontations with war, violence, racism, and incarceration. Rad Dad is for every father out in the real world trying to parent in ways that are loving, meaningful, authentic, and ultimately revolutionary."
Sport and equality 2011 : current state and changes of gender equality in Finland
Occupational well-being : the role of areas of worklife and achievement and social strategies
Doing the ideal academic : gender, excellence and changing academia
Out of play : critical essays on gender and sport
Men, women and relationships : making peace with the opposite sex
The author of the best-selling You Just Don't Understand, Deborah Tannen, has collected twelve papers about gender-related patterns in conversational interaction. The theoretical thrust of the collection, like that of Tannen's own work, is anthropological and sociolinguistic: female and male styles are approached as different "cultural" practice. Beginning with Tannen's own essay arguing for the relativity of discourse strategies, the volume challenges facile generalizations about gender-based styles and explores the complex relationship between gender and language use. The chapters, some previously unpublished and some classics in the field, address discourse across the lifespan, including preschool, junior high school, and adult interaction. They explore such varied discourse contexts as preschool disputes, romantic and sexual teasing among adolescent girls, cooperative competition in adolescent "girl talk," conversational storytelling, a faculty committee meeting, children in an urban black neighborhood at play, and a legal dispute in a Tenejapan village in Mexico. Two chapters review and evaluate the literature on key areas of gender-related linguistic phenomena: interruption and amount of talk. Gender and Conversational Interaction will interest general readers as well as students and scholars in a variety of disciplines including linguistics, sociolinguistics, anthropology, sociology, psychology, women's studies, and communications.
Provocateur : images of women and minorities in advertising
Sex and gender differences in personal relationships
Finnish summary.
This edited volume brings together scholars from psychology, linguistics, sociology and communication science to investigate how performative notions of gender and sexuality can be fruitfully explored with the rich set of tools that have been developed by conversation analysis and discursive psychology for analyzing everyday practical language use, agency and identity in talk. Contributors re-examine the foundations of earlier research on gender in spoken interaction, critically appraise this research to see if and how it 'translates' successfully into the study of sexuality in talk, and promote innovative alternatives that integrate the insights of recent feminist and queer theory with qualitative studies of talk and conversation. Detailed empirical analyses of naturally occurring talk are used to uncover how gender and sexual identities, agencies and desires are contingently accomplished in conversational practices. Collectively, they pose the important question of what a critical theory of talk, gender and sexuality ought to look like if it is to be sensitive to a politics of conversation analysis.
The art and science of leadership
In this edition of Provocateur, sociologist Anthony Cortese offers an in-depth critical analysis of modern advertising perhaps the most powerful cultural and economic institution. Focusing on images of women and minorities, he unravels the ideologies of domination and control in contemporary commerce. The depiction of ethnic and gender relations in advertising subtly colors our understanding of status arrangements and social boundaries. Connecting these images to periods of social change also highlights, in a more nuanced way, the social norms and cultural ideologies of a particular age.
Gendered situations, gendered selves : a gender lens on social psychology
Interspecific interactions and selection on secondary sexual characters in damselflies
Intergenerational contacts and urban family life among women and men of different ages in a rapidly changing society
Beyond economic man : feminist theory and economics
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Sex, sensibility and the gendered body
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
TOPmodels and top designers : forms of social interaction and creativity in the TOPmodel online forums
Lifestyles and social change : essays in economic sociology
How much of sexual diversity is the result of nature versus nurture? Prevailing theories today lean heavily toward nature. Now a leading researcher in neuroscience and animal behavior shows how, in recent history, scientific claims about sex and gender differences have reflected the culture of the time. Although the conviction that genetics can explain everything is now widespread, the author demonstrates the interaction of culture and environment in the formation of behavioral traits and so provides an important corrective to popular notions of reductionism. Starting with a summary of sex and gender studies, Rogers explains the error of sex biasing, especially the once-assumed inferiority of women. She then addresses several modern studies and investigations, some of which assert that sex and gender differences are the product of genetic inheritance and hormones. Rogers uses laboratory evidence from studies of animals that help illustrate the biologically fluid properties of sex and gender.
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
Gendered talk at work : constructing social identity through workplace interaction
Gender and agency : reconfiguring the subject in feminist and social theory
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
Immune function, parasites, and carotenoid-based ornaments in greenfinches
Gender and conversational interaction
Work with me
Our world is an increasingly unstable place, but current changes offer new opportunities as well as new challenges. This key volume provides an accessible exploration of identity as a contemporary concern in everyday life and as a key concept in social science. Drawing on work from a range of disciplines and focusing on the key social divisions of gender, class and nation, it shows how these challenges and opportunities work out in practice. What is really happening when people either individually or in groups identify with particular definitions of themselves or strike out to take up new identities? Do gender, class and ethnicity offer some stability and even certainty about who we are, or are they to be seen as limitations on our freedom to choose our own identities? Are we in the end bound by the social constraints and inequalities with which we started out? This key text is essential reading for all students starting out in the social sciences and for anyone with an interest in the dilemmas of identity-making in contemporary society.
Gender mainstreaming active inclusion policies : final synthesis report
Although climate change affects everybody it is not gender neutral. It has significant social impacts and magnifies existing inequalities such as the disparity between women and men in their vulnerability and ability to cope with this global phenomenon. This new textbook, edited by one of the authors of the seminal "Women and the Environment in the Third World: Alliance for the Future" (1988) which first exposed the links between environmental degradation and unequal impacts on women, provides a comprehensive introduction to gender aspects of climate change. Over 35 authors have contributed to the book. It starts with a short history of the thinking and practice around gender and sustainable development over the past decades. Next it provides a theoretical framework for analyzing climate change manifestations and policies from the perspective of gender and human security. Drawing on new research, the actual and potential effects of climate change on gender equality and women's vulnerabilities are examined, both in rural and urban contexts. This is illustrated with a rich range of case studies from all over the world and valuable lessons are drawn from these real experiences. Too often women are primarily seen as victims of climate change, and their positive roles as agents of change and contributors to livelihood strategies are neglected. The book disputes this characterization and provides many examples of how women around the world organize and build resilience and adapt to climate change and the role they are playing in climate change mitigation. The final section looks at how far gender mainstreaming in climate mitigation and adaptation has advanced, the policy frameworks in place and how we can move from policy to effective action. Accompanied by a wide range of references and key resources, this book provides students and professionals with an essential, comprehensive introduction..
Gender and spheres of interaction : devotional practices in fourteenth-century canonisation processes
From the host of the popular 'Steve Harvey morning show' comes a funny, honest, and foolproof guide for all women that takes them inside the heads of men and shows how men think about love, sex, and commitment.
You just don't understand : women and men in conversation
In-depth : a companion video presentation to Deborah Tannen: He said, she said
Sex differences in the brain : from genes to behavior
The study of sexuality is moving from margin to centre stage in sociology, as the 1994 British Sociological Association annual conference on 'Sexualities in Social Context' demonstrated. Drawn from that conference, the papers in this volume contribute to the debates which have developed on the relationship between the sexual and the social, and between gender and sexuality. The focus is on women, and from different perspectives the authors explore the themes of gendered identity, the construction of sexuality, embodiment and control. The social contexts in which these themes are elaborated include the family, the law, the education system, medical practice and discourse, and cultural representations and texts.
Summary in English, Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian and Spanish.
Challenging liberalism : feminism as political critique
Conversation and gender
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Talking gender and sexuality
Himglish and Femalese : why women don't get why men don't get them
Act like a lady, think like a man : what men really think about love, relationsips, intimacy, and commitment
Rad dad : dispatches from the frontiers of fatherhood
Speaking from the heart : gender and the social meaning of emotion
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
Understanding the sociology of health : an introduction
Forms and functions of interruptions in mixed-sex dyadic casual conservations
Beyond sex and gender
Act like a lady - think like a man : what men really thing about love, relationships, intimacy, and commitment
Knowledge and discourse : towards an ecology of language
Private returns to education in Finland : back to basics
The social psychology of gender : how power and intimacy shape gender relations
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Gender and the social construction of illness
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The impact of AIDS
Gender and everyday life
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Introducing sociolinguistics
"...sit down with Deborah Tannen as she goes In-Depth, addressing key issues, implications, and criticisms about He said, she said, including: The nature/nuture question: are conversational styles born or made? Is gender the most important factor affecting conversational interaction?  Are these patterns cross-cultural?  What about power and dominance?  How are linguistic and psychological approaches different?"--Container.
Gender and climate change : an introduction
Questioning identity : gender, class, nation
Gender in the EFL classroom : differences in the teacher's reactions to boys' and girls' responses
Postnatal hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis activation (i.e., minipuberty) in full-term and preterm infants : longitudinal assessment of hormone levels and target tissue effects
Unspeakable things : sex, lies and revolution
In this volume, gender is seen as a communicative achievement and as a social category interacting with other social parametres such as age, status, prestige, institutional and ethnic frameworks, cultural and situative contexts. The authors come from a variety of backgrounds such as sociology of communication, anthropological linguistics, sociolinguistics, social psychology, and text linguistics. Masculinity and femininity are conceived of as varying culturally, historically and contextually. All contributions discuss empirical research of communication and the question of whether (and how) gender is a salient variable in discourse. So, one aim of the book is to trace the varying relevance of gender in interaction. Emotion politics, ideology, body concepts, and speech styles are related to ethnographic description of the contexts within which communication takes place. These contexts range from private to public communication, and from mixed-sex to same-sex conversations framed by different cultural backgrounds.
Sex-typing and development in an ecological perspective
The central argument of this book is that the sex/gender distinction is invalid and must be transcended. To this end, the work of Foucault, Connell, Goffman, Garfinkel, Butler, Freud, Derrida, Saussure, Lacquer and Kessler and McKenna is woven into a rich and compelling set of arguments. The sex/gender distinction is attacked for producing a series of irresolvable traps. However much one tries to think one's way out of the dichotomy, one ends up being suckered back into its imponderables and blind alleys. The book attempts to comprehensively reorientate the field and redefine the terrain.
Gender : in development cooperation
Evolutionary conflicts in a small mammal : behavioural, physiological and genetic differences between the sexes
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
Dynamics of relationships
