http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17381 groups of writers
groups of writers
Braided worlds
The term modernism, central to English-language criticism of early twentieth-century literature at least since Laura Riding and Robert Graves published their Survey of Modernist Poetry in 1927, has continually widened in scope. Contemporary scholars often describe modernism, understood as a cosmopolitan movement in literature and the arts reflecting a crisis of representation, as having arisen in Europe in the middle of the nineteenth century and developing up to, and even after, the Second World War. Even so classic and wide-ranging an earlier account as the collection that Malcolm Bradbury and James McFarlane edited in 1976, Modernism: A Guide to European Literature, 1890-1930, today seems strangely limited in its historical timeframe. Modernism now seems to be a movement whose roots go back well over a century and whose effects are still being felt today.
Skamander : the poets and their poetry 1918-1929
Mirror writing : (re-)constructions of Native American identity
Bloomsbury : a house of lions
Blacks and Jews in literary conversation
White nights
A bold collection of creative pieces and theoretical essays by women of color. New thought and new dialogue: a book that will teach in the most multiple sense of that word: a book that will be of lasting value to many diverse communities of women as well as to students from those communities. The authors explore a full spectrum of present concerns in over seventy pieces that vary from writing by new talents to published pieces by Audre Lorde, Joy Harjo, Norma Alarcón and Trinh T. Minh-ha.
Understanding Sherman Alexie
She's leaving home : women's writing in English in a European context
Indi'n humor : bicultural play in native America
"I didn't even know what an Indian was" : resisting aboriginal stereotypes in children's picture books
Making face, making soul : creative and critical perspectives by feminists of colour = Haciendo caras
The immigrant experience in North American literature : carving out a niche
Sophia's secret
Multicultural American literature : comparative Black, Native, Latino/a and Asian American fictions
Holding their own : perspectives on the multi-ethnic literatures of the United States
The ethnic canon : histories, institutions, and interventions
Writing alone, writing together : a guide for writers and writing groups
A moveable feast
Ngugi wa Thiong'o, gender, and the ethics of postcolonial reading
The atlas of literature
Cultures of letters : scenes of reading and writing in nineteenth-century America
Serapion sister : the poetry of Elizaveta Polonskaja
The glass room
A history of Canadian literature
Memory, narrative and identity : new essays in ethnic American literatures
Sites of the spectator : emerging literary and cultural practice in eighteenth-century France
American family album : 28 contemporary ethnic stories
All my relatives : community in contemporary ethnic American literatures
Playing in the white : black writers, white subjects
Aesthetics of alienation : reassessment of early Soviet cultural theories
Codes of conduct : race, ethics, and the color of our character
With its impressive variety of theater, Finland is a superpower of performing arts. Finnish theater, however, is presently a hotbed of cultural debate regarding the artistic quality of its performances. This comprehensive overview of contemporary theater explores many of the most contentious questions concerning applied theater, its devised methods, and the corresponding challenges presented to traditional definitions of theater and related arts. Through interviews with new writers and directors, and first-hand accounts of recent performances, this study attempts to define what it means today to say "Finnish theater." It also addresses issues concerning Finland's emergence as a cultural player within the European Union and implications for its evolving national identity.
Writing black Britain, 1948-1998 : an interdisciplinary anthology
Fairyland : a memoir of my father
Beginning ethnic American literatures
Theatrewritings
"The essays in this volume offer new insights on different aspects of Woolf's aesthetics and influences, exploring the relationships between her writing and different creative forms and tracing early influences on her work. The chapters look beyond Woolf to her Bloomsbury contemporaries and others, and even back beyond Bloomsbury"--Provided by publisher.
Summaries (s. 299-309).
In the process of poetry : the New York school and the avant-garde
Twentieth-century literary movements dictionary : a compendium to more than 500 literary, critical, and theatrical movements, schools, and groups from more than 80 nations, covering the novelists, poets, short-story writers, dramatists, essayists, theorists, and works, genres, techniques, and terms associated with each movement
The handbook of African American literature
The Cambridge companion to European modernism
Lost and found in translation : contemporary ethnic American writing and the politics of language diversity
Virginia Woolf and the Bloomsbury avant-garde : war, civilization, modernity
Feminism on the border : Chicana gender politics and literature
Bloomsbury pie : the making of the Bloomsbury boom
Parallel worlds : an anthropologist and a writer encounter Africa
Devotedly international - but always wrong : left-wing intellectuals and their orientation toward international progressive culture and literature in the 1930s and 1940s
The new Finnish theatre
Living in squares, loving in triangles : the lives and loves of Virginia Woolf and the Bloomsbury Group
Hamlet and the baker's son : my life in theatre and politics
Before the Boom : Latin American revolutionary novels of the 1920s
Virginia Woolf's Bloomsbury. Volume 2, International influence and politics
Adeline : a novel of Virginia Woolf
Through a glass darkly : ethnic semiosis in American literature
A month and a day : a detention diary
Virginia Woolf's Bloomsbury. Volume 1, Aesthetic theory and literary practice
Diaspora literature and visual culture : Asia in flight
Merriam-Webster's dictionary of American writers
First and other nations
The company they keep : C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien as writers in community
Facing Black and Jew : literature as public space in twentieth-century America
Bohemians : the glamorous outcasts
American poetry of the twentieth century
Maximilian Voloshin and the Russian literary circle : culture and survival in revolutionary times
"Strange orphans" : contemporary African American women playwrights
Sleuthing ethnicity : the detective in multiethnic crime fiction
A Bloomsbury group reader
Understanding contemporary Chicana literature
London crossings : a biography of Black Britain
Modernism arose in a period of accelerating globalization in the late nineteenth century. Modernist writers and artists, while often loyal to their country in times of war, aimed to rise above the national and ideological conflicts of the early twentieth century in service to a cosmopolitan ideal. This Companion explores the international aspects of literary modernism by mapping the history of the movement across Europe and within each country. The essays place the various literary traditions within a social and historical context and set out recent critical debates. Particular attention is given to the urban centers in which modernism developed - from Dublin to Z urich, Barcelona to Warsaw - and to the movements of modernists across national borders. A broad, accessible account of European modernism, this Companion explores what this cosmopolitan movement can teach us about life as a citizen of Europe and of the world.
Anthology of American Negro literature
The big aiiieeeee! : an anthology of Chinese American and Japanese American literature
Ethnic modernism
The life writing of otherness : Woolf, Baldwin, Kingston, and Winterson
The Cambridge companion to African American women's literature
The final act of mr Shakespeare
Extravagant strangers : a literature of belonging
"Renaissance Acting Companies and their Plays explores the intimate and dynamic relationship between acting companies and playwrights in this seminal era in English theatre history. Siobhan Keenan's analysis includes chapters on the traditions and workings of contemporary acting companies, playwriting practices, stages and staging, audiences and patrons, each illustrated with detailed case studies of individual acting companies and their plays, including troupes such as Lady Elizabeth's players, 'Beeston's Boys' and the King's Men and works by Shakespeare, Jonson, Middleton, Brome and Heywood. "--
Deaf world : a historical reader and primary sourcebook
Beyond the canebrakes : Caribbean women writers in Canada
American ethnic writers
Secret Germany : Stefan George and his circle
On or about December 1910 : early Bloomsbury and its intimate world / Peter Stansky
The bedside, bathtub and armchair companion to Virginia Woolf and Bloomsbury
Acting companies and their plays in Shakespeare's London
Beyond the borders : American literature and post-colonial theory
A collection of various types of pieces written by : Clive Bell; Vanessa Bell; E.M. Forster; Roger Fry; John Maynard Keynes; Desmond MacCarhty; Lytton Strachey; Leonard Woolf; Virginia Woolf.
Racing and (e)racing language : living with the color of our words
Love in Bloomsbury
The writers' Helsinki
Finland : a cultural encyclopedia
Lytton Strachey : the new biography
The future of American modernism : ethnic writing between the wars
The Oxford literary history of Australia
