http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17398 zoologists
zoologists
Hornstedt, Clas Fr. (1758-1809)
Dawkins shares with us his infectious sense of wonder at the natural world, his enjoyment of the absurdities of human interaction, and his bracing awareness of life's brevity: all of which have made a deep imprint on our culture.
Giovanni Canestrini : zoologist and Darwinist
Primates : the fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
Primates : The fearless science of Jane Goodall, Dian Fossey, and Biruté Galdikas
Art forms in nature : the prints of Ernst Haeckel
Elephants are not picked from trees : animal biographies in Gothenburg Museum of Natural History
My family and other animals : a BBC Radio 4 full-cast dramatisation
Henrik Krøyer's Publications on pelagic marine Copepoda (1838-1849)
Mind, life, and universe : conversations with great scientists of our time
The copepodologist's cabinet : a biographical and bibliographical history
Jane Goodall 50 years at Gombe : a tribute to five decades of wildlife research, education, and conservation
Reflections of Eden : my years with the orangutans of Borneo
Watching : encounters with humans and other animals
Next of kin : what chimpanzees have taught me about who we are
An appetite for wonder : the making of a scientist : a memoir
Life On Air : memoirs of a Broadcaster
Letters and recollections with a sketch of his life and work
Barefoot on lava : the journals and correspondence of naturalist R. C. L. Perkins in Hawai'i, 1892-1901
Elephants on acid and other bizarre experiments
A tribute to Rainer Rosengren (1934-2004)
Nasty nature
Electrified sheep and other bizarre experiments
Brief candle in the dark : my life in science
The history of ornithology
Temple Grandin
Larger than life : a novella
My family and other animals
"The book examines how the museum acquired animals for its exhibits from 1906 to 1948, and how living animals bodies became museum exhibits. Using photographs and documents from the Gothenburg Natural History Museum, the book shows that these museums are in possession of valuable material for writing the cultural history of animals, and that the museums of natural history display a nature that is historically, socially and culturally construed."--P. [4] of cover.
Contributions to the history of herpetology. Vol. 3
Scorpion man : exploring the world of scorpions
Next of kin : my conversations with chimpanzees
The tragic sense of life : Ernst Haeckel and the struggle over evolutionary thought
Niko's nature : the life of Niko Tinbergen and his science of animal behaviour
Jane Goodall :   50 years at Gombe : a tribute to five decades of wildlife research, education, and conservation
