http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17331 adenocarcinoma
adenocarcinoma
Basement membranes (BM) underlie epithelia and endothelia and surround many tissues. In cutaneous BM epithelial cells are attached to the stroma via multiprotein complexes called hemidesmosomes (HD). Collagen XVII and integrin α6β4 are components of HD and they bind to laminin 332, a component of anchoring filaments, extracellularly. The main interest of this study is the function of collagen XVII and its interactions with these proteins. What is known about the function of collagen XVII is mostly derived from its role as an adhesive component in cutaneous HD. Here we demonstrate for the first time that collagen XVII is expressed by podocytes in the human and murine glomerulus and that mutant mice lacking collagen XVII in addition to small size, blisters and diffuse hair loss, also have deficient glomerular development and a high mortality rate. We also show for the first time at the protein level that collagen XVII is expressed, and probably has a functional interaction with laminin 332, in normal colon epithelia. We demonstrate that collagen XVII is expressed by the invasive cells of human colorectal carcinoma (CRC) samples and its immunostaining is increased in metastasis in CRC. The higher proportion of collagen XVII positive tumor cells correlates with decreased disease-free survival and cancer-specific survival times and we also suggest a functional interaction between collagen XVII and laminin 332 in CRC. Previous studies have suggested that collagen XVII participates in keratinocyte migration by affecting the correlation of HD disassembly and assembly, its expression is increased in squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and it may have a role in cell adhesion and migration in SCC carcinogenesis. Here we demonstrate upregulated collagen XVII, integrin β4 and laminin γ2 expression in actinic keratosis, Bowen's disease and SCC. The expression of collagen XVII was increasedwith a high degree of variation, especially in samples taken from areas where SCC is particularly invasive. We also demonstrate in the SCC-25 cell line that lack of collagen XVII or integrin β4 severely disrupts the adhesion, migration and invasivity of these cells. Taken together, in this study we show that collagen XVII is needed for normal glomerular development, is expressed in normal colon epithelia and participates in CRC and SCC carcinogenesis together with laminin 332 and integrin β4.
Abstract.
Distinct patterns of expression of keratinocyte growth factor and its receptor in endometrial carcinoma
Hereditary aspects of endometrial adenocarcinoma
Follicular thyroid tumours - markers of neoplasia, malignancy and prognosis
New insights into the genetic basis of colorectal cancer
Hypoxia-associated biomarkers in rectal cancer treated by preoperative radiotherapy or chemoradiotherapy
Long-term outcome of patients with low-risk papillary or follicular thyroid carcinoma
Predictive biomarkers in diffuse gliomas and non-small cell lung cancer
Adenocarcinoma of the esophagus and esophagogastric junction : studies on pathogenesis, prognosis, staging and surgical treatment
Osteoporosis ; Treatment advances in surgical oncology
Skin metastases of gynecologic adenocarcinomas affect serum levels of hCG-beta but not those of SCC antigen
Functional analysis of collagen XVII in epithelial cancers and a mouse model
Role of CIP2A in carcinogenesis
Prevalence of HPV infection and use of HPV test in cervical cancer screening : randomised evaluation within the organised cervical cancer screening programme in Finland
Traditional and novel treatments for prostate cancer : discoveries at the molecular level
Expression of SOX9 during murine Kras-driven lung tumorigenesis
Tumor dormancy in breast cancer
Follicular thyroid tumours : markers of neoplasia, malignancy and prognosis
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett's esophagus
Prevalence of HPV infection and use of HPV test in cervical cancer screening : Randomised evaluation within the organised cervical cancer screening programme in Finland
Colorectal carcinogenesis via serrated route
Expression of cyclooxygenase-2 in human gastric carcinoma
Abstract. - Finnish summary.
Incidence of esophageal adenocarcinoma is rising rapidly in Western countries. The main risk factor for esophageal adenocarcinoma is Barrett's esophagus. Barrett's esophagus results from long-term gastroesophageal reflux disease. The gastrointestinal tract is colonized by bacteria, fungi and viruses forming the alimentary tract microbiome. Microbiome transformation is involved in pathogenesis of alimentary tract cancer and also in the development of Barrett's metaplasia. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are molecules of the innate immune system and they are involved in bacterial and viral recognition and regulation of immune functions in the host and cancer cells.This thesis examined the effect of alimentary tract microbiome and cancer- on the function of TLRs in normal gastrointestinal epithelial cells. An additional focus of the thesis was also to assess the carcinogenetic effect of TLRs 1–9 in Barrett's esophagus metaplasia – dysplasia – carcinoma sequence. Study material consisted of: a patient cohort, organ donors, conventional and germ-free mice. TLRs are expressed also in a "microbe-free" gut. There were significant differences in all TLRs between small- and large intestine of conventional mice and in humans. In germ-free mice that difference was not observed. Normal tissue sampled adjacent to the tumors of cancer patients can be used as controls in immunohistochemical TLR studies in gastrointestinal cancer Clinical data indicate that TLRs linearly increase toward dysplasia in Barrett's esophagus. High cytoplasmic and nuclear TLR4 expression and TLR1 and 8 nuclear immunoreactivity in esophageal adenocarcinoma are associated with metastatic disease and poor prognosis.Based on our results, bacteria seem to downregulate TLR expression of the intestine. TLRs 1–9 apparently have a role in malignant progression of Barrett's dysplasia. TLR1, TLR4 and TLR8 may represent a novel therapeutic target in esophageal adenocarcinoma.
Dietary modulation of β-catenin signalling in an experimental model of colon cancer
Gene amplification and overexpression in gastric adenocarcinoma and Barrett adenocarcinoma
Hyaluronan synthases in development and cancer : immunohistochemical studies
Toll-like receptor 9 in alimentary tract cancers
Prognostic biomarkers in colorectal cancer
Identification of novel regulators for tumor progression in breast cancer
Histological and molecular features of serrated colorectal adenocarcinoma and its precursor lesions
Biomarkers in esophageal cancer
Endometrial adenocarcinoma with clinical evidence of cervical involvement : accuracy of diagnostic procedures, clinical course, and prognostic factors
Toll-like receptors in Alimentary tract -special reference to Barrett’s esophagus
In vivo imaging of vascular adhesion protein-1 : preclinical studies with positron emission tomography
