http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17342 integrative measures
integrative measures immigrant integration
Multicultural policies and modes of citizenship in European cities
Seizing multiplicity : assessing academic accounts for minority accommodation in contemporary citizenship discourse
Cross-Border Welfare State : Immigration, social security & integration
The multicultural challenge
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
Integration and inclusion of newcomers and minorities across Canada
Me Tarzan, you simple cannibal : translation of racist elements in three Finnish translations of Tarzan of the apes
Yesterday, tomorrow : voices from the Somali diaspora
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case: occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers
Abstract.
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Summary (s. 11-19).
Immigration strategy for Northern Ostrobothnia 2015
Lost in translation? : translating multicultural style in Maxine Hong Kingston's The woman warrior
Education and immigration : settlement policies and current challenges
I dream, I like, I need... : the experiences and expectations of refugees in Oulu, Finland with support in the integration process
Culture-specific items and their translation strategies in Sofi Oksanen's novel Puhdistus and its English translation
The civil servant's point of view on immigrants and acculturation in Finland : a qualitative attitude approach
Ideology, policy, and practice : education for immigrants and minorities in Israel today
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
Integration of foreign degree students into the Finnish school system & society
Government integration programme for 2016–2019 and government resolution on a government integration programme
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession. The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement. Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Integration Cards  : A Tool for Instructors Working with Immigrant Women
The republic unsettled : Muslim French and the contradictions of secularism
Participation, integration, and recognition : changing pathways to immigrant incorporation
Over the past 30 years the relative incomes and employment rates of immigrants have sunk, while immigrants unemployment rates rose. The overrepresentation in the welfare transfer system and an increasing housing segregation cause concern and is much debated. The general opinion is that immigrants are less integrated into the Swedish society today than in former times. The aim of this literature review is to if this is true. The working hypothesis is that immigrants were integrated during the period 1945-1975. A set of nine variables are discussed to examine whether the immigrants 1945-1975 were integrated. Although explorative by its character, the results indicate that immigrants were not as integrated in former times as commonly believed. Contrary to common belief significant improvements in integration has, in some areas, actually been achieved! The integration of immigrants has not changed from good to bad, but rather from bad to worse. .
Hallituksen maahanmuuttopoliittinen ohjelma : valtioneuvoston periaatepäätös 19.10.2006 = Regeringens invandrarpolitiska program : statsrådets principbeslut 19.10.2006 = Government migration policy programme : government resolution 19.10.2006
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
International migration and rural areas : cross-national comparative perspectives
Parigots in America : the English translation of realia in two short stories by Anna Gavalda
Immigrants at the margins : law, race, and exclusion in Southern Europe
Social Integration Programme : case: Lahti University of Applied Sciences, Faculty of Business Studies
Integrating black African youths into the Finnish labour force : the Helsinki Municipality case study
International migration into Europe : from subjects to abjects
Us & them : the dangerous politics of immigration control / Bridget Anderson
A study of late-in-life immigration and citizenship theory
Achieving social cohesion in a multicultural Europe : concepts, situation and developments = Quelle cohésion sociale dans une Europe multiculturelle? : concepts, état des lieux et développements
Immigrants, vocational skills and training : employment and training project for immigrants : final report of the initial evaluation
The urban future - a city for everyone : the Urban II Community Initiative Programme
Immigration services
Pilot project for supporting immigrant youths : evaluation of a supported housing and psycho-educational system for immigrant youths
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
The politics of citizenship tests : time, integration and the contingent polity
Promoting immigrants' democratic participation and integration
Why analyze immigrants? : ethical and empirical aspects
Abstract: Hierarchies of difference : finnish conceptions of immigrants, tolerance and racism.
Recognition and recognitive attitudes between refugees and authorities : a Finnish example
Integrating immigrants into labor and education : a Scandinavian comparative perspective
Integration of Immigrants in Sweden 1945-1975
The integration of refugees in Finland in the 1990s
"The integration of new immigrants is one of the most important issues in Europe, yet not enough is known about the lives of migrants. This book draws on several years of ethnographic research with African migrants in Ireland, many of whom are former asylum seekers. Against the widespread assumptions that integration has been handled well in Ireland and that racism is not a major problem, this book shows that migrants are themselves shaping integration in their everyday lives in the face of enormous challenges. The book will appeal to scholars and students interested in migration and ethnicity and to a general reading public interested in the stories of integration in Ireland. The book is situated within current anthropological theory and makes an important contribution, both theoretically and empirically, to understandings of the everyday and a site of possibility and critique."--Publisher's website.
Shaping our future : a practical guide to the selection, reception and integration of resettled refugees
Education supports the adaptation
How to integrate international students into private and business life in Ylivieska region
Government report on Implementation of the Integration Act
Domestication and foreignization in translation studies
The role of finnish teachers in supporting immigrant children with post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
Keys to successful integration : importance of social relations on the first-phase integration of Burmese refugees in Rovaniemi
International migration and security : opportunities and challenges
Cultural context adaptation in two Finnish translations of A bear called Paddington
Government resolution on the government integration programme : the government's focus areas for 2012-2015
The integration of immigrants in European societies : national differences and trends of convergence
Cultures in contact : discussions with immigrants living in Joensuu
Socio-cultural adaptation of foreign professionals in Finland : the Case of Cameroonian Professionals
Familiarity in the foreign - foreignizing elements in the English translation of Riikka Pulkkinen's novel Totta
The social and psychological acculturation of North Korean refugees
Workshop on Demographic and Cultural Specificity and the Integration of Migrants : solicited papers
Abstract: This functional final thesis was done as part of the OSMOS project of Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and the Eastern Family Centre of Helsinki City Social Services Department. The product of the final thesis – Integration Cards – was designed for instructors working with immigrant women to support the integration of immigrants into Finnish society. The product consists of discussion cards with two themes – ̋Finnish culture ̋ and  ̋Services ̋ – and helping questions and advice related to the cards for the instructor. For easy availability the product was created in a PDF format.     The theoretical framework of this final thesis is social pedagogy and its related means of interaction and dialogue. The cards are designed to be used in various groups for immigrant women where the participants can share information and experiences and learn from each other. The aim of the cards is to promote the adaptation of immigrant women into the new culture through the use of dialogue and interaction with each other. The cards also promote the learning of the Finnish language.     Both of the themes, Finnish culture and Services, include ten topics for discussion. On each card there is a picture and a Finnish word referring to the topic. The picture is designed to be understandable even if a participant is not familiar with the Finnish word. The role of the instructor is to lead the discussion, evoke further questions and provide information about Finnish culture and services.     The product was tested in groups of immigrant women and the results show that the use of the cards promotes interaction and dialogue and helps the instructors to deal with topics related to integration together with the participants. However, the outcomes are closely related to the structure of the group and the language skills of the participants. Future possibilities would be to develop the cards further by creating more themes according to the needs of participants.
Immigrant associations in the Metropolitan Area of Finland : forms of mobilisation, participation and representation
Possibilities of trust and recognition between refugees and authorities : resettlement as a part of durable solutions of forced migration
Integration in Ireland : the everyday lives of African migrants
Changing landscapes : managing migration and skills : Canada's newcomer integration programs
A re-definition of belonging? : language and integration tests in Europe
Distorted integration : clientization of immigrants in Sweden
Integration cards: a tool for instructors working with immigrant women
Integration policy implementation in Finland : an emphasis on integration training and development for immigrants
Idioms in the Finnish translations of Carl Bark's Donald Duck Comic Stories
Multicultural guidance and counselling : theoretical foundations and best practices in Europe
Promoting independence in resettlement : final publication of the MOST project
Adapting to a Finnish workplace : case : occupational immigration of Chinese metal workers.
From immigration to integration : local solutions to a global challenge
An event supporting the assimilation of immigrant families : planning, implementation and evaluation by applying service design
Self-employed North African migrants in Eastern Finland
The Norwegian pattern of international migration changed profoundly in the last part of the previous century. Norway is now an immigration country, with a significant immigration surplus from all parts of the world. This is a comparatively new phenomenon in Norwegian society. In accordance with Norwegian traditions, it called for research. During the last 10-15 years, the amount of statistics and analyses on immigration and immigrants has been growing, inside and outside Statistics Norway. Ethical aspects should be important, as this a very sensitive field. Questions have been raised as to the use of immigrant as a permanent classification in analyses, comprising even persons who never immigrated themselves. The basic idea of this article is that as long as the concept of immigrant is useful in revealing discriminatory practices, we have to carry out the analysis. Without knowledge of discrimination we cannot work effectively against it. .
"There has been a marked rise in global migration with many former countries of emigration becoming immigration destinations. As a result of this, social workers increasingly encounter immigrant clients and are called upon to work in their communities. At the same time, in the field of research, theories, conceptual frames, perspectives and discourse have materialized and evolved to make sense of contemporary events. Social work professionals, researchers and students must, therefore, need to be apprised of current thinking, research and discourse in the field of integration. Valtonen familiarizes the reader with the variation in national policies, institutional arrangements and service responses, which all provide rich contrasts and insights into a breadth of policy possibilities. Since macro-level developments in migration carry direct implications for social work as a discipline and a profession with a central stake and role in immigrant wellbeing, this book provides salient information to help with visioning in the profession, defining appropriate and concerted responses, and building robust standing in the field as well as promoting the linking of disciplinary and multidisciplinary research with practice." --Provided by publisher.
Beyond integration : challenges of belonging in diaspora and exile
Social work and integration in immigrant communities : framing the field
Domestication and foreignisation in the Finnish and Swedish translations of the BFG by Roald Dahl
Immigrants as clients : adaptation of Finnish municipal employees to increasingly multicultural working environments : the case of Siikajoki
