http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17364 waste land
waste land uncultivable land abandoned land
Development of urban quarters - an effective use of urban brownfields : using the exaple of Anschutz area in Berlin
Nitrogen fixing trees for wastelands
Ruderals and weeds in Godby, Åland Islands, SW Finland
The Åland Islands in SW Finland are known for their luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants. Ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a ruderal site in the centre of the village of Godby, municipality of Finström, in 2002. Most of the organic topsoil had been removed and several rare ruderal species grew then on the open ruderal site. The site became more closed, resembling a meadow rather than a ruderal ground already in 2006 and later the vegetation developed into a tall and rough grown meadow with some shrubs and young trees. The following ruderal plants are treated more in detail: Agrostemma githago, Anthemis tinctoria, Centaurea cyanus, Cichorium intybus, Dianthus deltoides (cultivar), Echium vulgare, Holcus lanatus, Leontodon hispidus, Lotus corniculatus var. sativus, Papaver dubium subsp. dubium, P. rhoeas, Phleum phleoides, Rumex thyrsiflorus, Senecio jacobaea, Thymus pulegioides, Trifolium dubium and Vicia tenuifolia. Besides some trees and shrubs, 133 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing in the ruderal site during the period 2002-2015. The origin of the ruderal flora is not known. It is suggested that at least some of the plants have originated from seeds in the former cultivated field. A deliberate sowing of flower seeds of foreign provenance cannot, however, be excluded, although we have not been able to prove it.
Changes in understorey vegetation after Norway spruce colonization of an abandoned grassland
Brownfields forever? : Bringing urban wastelands into use
Ruderal vascular plants on a waste ground in the island of Dånö, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Urban wildscapes
Landscapes of change : innovative designs and reinvented sites
Urban fallows : transformations & breeding grounds : city scratching III
The Åland Islands, SW Finland, are known for luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants, but ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a waste ground in the island of Dånö, municipality of Geta, on which several non-familiar vascular plants grew. The waste ground has been used for dumping flower shop garbage and thus some unfamiliar plants have been dumped there. The following species have not been found previously as ruderal plants in the Åland Islands: Allium sativum, Cucumis melo, Dipsacus fullonum, Hedera helix, Inula helenium and Lactuca serriola. Several other more or less rare ruderals were also found on the waste ground: Bromus secalinus, Conyza canadensis, Holcus lanatus, Lepidium densiflorum subsp. neglectum and Senecio jacobaea. Three garden shrubs, Rosa spinosissima, Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus and Salix viminalis grew together with more common garden ruderals, such as Digitalis purpurea, Malva moschata and Saponaria officinalis. A total of 137 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing on the waste ground..
