http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17377 historical novels
historical novels
Between shades of gray
The plains of passage
The Merrybegot
Fire from heaven
Percy Jackson and the greek heroes : Percy Jackson's greek myths
Earthly joys
League of dragons
My lord immortality
Valour and vanity
Holy Fools
Glory over everything : beyond the Kitchen house
Fall of giants
Always Emily
New York before New York. A fortune, or a forgery. A love story, or a battle of wits. Nothing is black and white
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Will Starling : a novel : the reckoning of Wm. Starling, Esq., a foundling, concerning monstrous crimes and infernal aspirations, with perpetrators named and shrouded infamies disclosed to light of day, as set down by his own hand in this year 1816
Tightrope
Soldier of fortune
Lilith was born into slavery on a Jamaican sugar plantation at the end of the eighteenth century. Even at her birth, the slave women around her recognize a dark power that they--and she--will come to both revere and fear. The Night Women, as they call themselves, have long been plotting a slave revolt, and as Lilith comes of age and reveals the extent of her power, they see her as the key to their plans. But when she begins to understand her own feelings and desires and identity, Lilith starts to push at the edges of what is imaginable for the life of a slave woman in Jamaica, and risks becoming the conspiracy's weak link.
Flight from Stonewycke
The Terioki crossing
Nodes of Contemporary Finnish Literature
Leaving Berlin : a novel
Never love a highlander
A slant of light : a novel
On the banks of Plum Creek
Good earl hunting
The mammoth hunters
Pride and prejudice
The Forsyte saga. The man of property ; In chancery ; To let
Mary Queen of Scotland and the Isles : a novel /Margaret George
The tide watchers : a novel
The antiquarian
Sophia's secret
The Lady Elizabeth : a novel
The seventh templar : an annotated translation of passages from a historical novel by Juha-Pekka Koskinen
The winter ghosts
The captive queen : a novel of Eleanor of Aquitaine
Days without end
My name's not Friday
Lady of no man's land
A death-struck year
The good people
Gate of the sun = Bab el shams
Good people
House of earth : a novel
To defy a king
First four years
Notes from underground
The scarlet letter : a romance
Buccaneer : The Pirate Adventures of Hector Lynch
In bed with a highlander
The Water Horse
Death comes as the end
As Flies to Whatless Boys
The enchantress of Florence : a novel
Seven years to sin
The time of singing
The Boleyn inheritance
We are not ourselves : a novel
My lord eternity
A lesson in secrets
The Island of Day Before
Little house in the big woods
The triumph of Caesar : a mystery of ancient Rome
The shelters of stone
The dark angel
Scales of Gold. 4
The reluctant midwife : a Hope River novel
"From the New York Times bestselling author of The Dovekeepers and The Museum of Extraordinary Things: a forbidden love story set on the tropical island of St. Thomas about the extraordinary woman who gave birth to painter Camille Pissarro the Father of Impressionism"-- Provided by publisher
Rush OH!
Sense and sensibility
How to pursue a princess
The wonder
The wind is not a river
A mercy : a novel
Children of Liberty
The convenient marriage
The people's act of love
The questing knights of the Faerie Queen
The buried giant : a novel
The book thief
Hunters in the snow
The lifeblood of the village of Ivy Hill is its coaching inn, The Bell. When the innkeeper dies suddenly, his genteel wife, Jane, becomes the reluctant owner. With a large loan due, can Jane and her resentful mother-in-law, Thora, find a way to save the inn—and discover fresh hope for the future?
The bargain
Master and commander
A trail of fire : four outlander tales
A man lies dreaming
The underground railroad : a novel
The author of the New York Times bestseller and beloved book club favorite The Kitchen House continues the story of Jamie Pyke, son of both a slave and master of Tall Oakes, whose deadly secret compels him to take a treacherous journey through the Underground Railroad.  Published in 2010, The Kitchen House became a grassroots bestseller. Fans connected so deeply to the book's characters that the author, Kathleen Grissom, found herself being asked over and over "what happens next?" The wait is finally over.  This new, stand-alone novel opens in 1830, and Jamie, who fled from the Virginian plantation he once called home, is passing in Philadelphia society as a wealthy white silversmith. After many years of striving, Jamie has achieved acclaim and security, only to discover that his aristocratic lover Caroline is pregnant. Before he can reveal his real identity to her, he learns that his beloved servant Pan has been captured and sold into slavery in the South. Pan's father, to whom Jamie owes a great debt, pleads for Jamie's help, and Jamie agrees, knowing the journey will take him perilously close to Tall Oakes and the ruthless slave hunter who is still searching for him. Meanwhile, Caroline's father learns and exposes Jamie's secret, and Jamie loses his home, his business, and finally Caroline.  Heartbroken and with nothing to lose, Jamie embarks on a trip to a North Carolina plantation where Pan is being held with a former Tall Oakes slave named Sukey, who is intent on getting Pan to the Underground Railroad. Soon the three of them are running through the Great Dismal Swamp, the notoriously deadly hiding place for escaped slaves. Though they have help from those in the Underground Railroad, not all of them will make it out alive - Provided by publisher.
Seduction of a highland lass
Deeds of men : An Onyx Court Novella
The eye of the falcon
Desire me now
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The sleeping dictionary
The heiress effect
The Lords of the North
All that is : a novel
Grave Mercy
The glassblower of Murano
Long winter
The lost sisterhood
The blood of Olympus
Bright young things
The island
Veil of fire : a novel
Wolf of the plains
The song before it is sung
Gods and warriors
Signs for lost children
In the shadow of blackbirds
"Mary Robinette Kowal's Valour and Vanity is a Regency version of a heist movie with a healthy dose of magic sprinkled in. After Melody's wedding, the Ellsworths and Vincents accompany the young couple on the their tour of the continent. Jane and Vincent plan to separate from the party and travel to Murano to study with glassblowers there, but their ship is set upon by Barbary corsairs while en route. It is their good fortune that they are not enslaved, but they lose everything to the pirates and arrive in Murano destitute.Fortunately, one of the gentlemen from the ship is a local banker and arranges for a line of credit and a place to live. Relieved, the Vincents begin the work for which they have come to Italy.All is proceeding apace until a solicitor arrives at their house and charges them with illegal trespass. Jane and Vincent produce letters from their banking friend, but they are all forgeries, and worse, he has used their forged letters to clean out their funds in England. Now, Jane and Vincent owe money to a number of people in town and are forbidden from travel. They manage to find some small work, but it is obvious to both of them that this path will not maintain them for long. Instead, Vincent hatches a reckless plan to get their money back. The ensuing adventure is a glorious envisioning of all the best parts of heist narratives, but in a Regency setting with magic"--
Of merchants & heroes
The butchers of berlin
The printer's coffin
Lark rise to Candleford : a trilogy
From hell
A game of sorrows
The constant princess
The house of women
The countess conspiracy
The Harafish
Lady of Ashes
The last runaway
The Etruscan
The valley of horses
Lord John and the private matter
The Shape of sand
Eagles at war
The Boston girl : a novel
The house of Hades
The innkeeper of Ivy Hill
News of the world : a novel
Mortal heart
Heir to the duke
Winter's tale
Warriors of the storm
The Dust that falls from dreams
The other queen
The Land of Painted Caves : a novel
The guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
The burning shadow
The last town on earth
The Girls at the Kingfisher Club : a novel
Percy Jackson and the olympians. Books I-III, Collecting The Lightning Thief, The Sea of Monsters, and The Titans' Curse
The Essex serpent
The midwife of Hope River : a novel
The historical novel
At the edge of the orchard
Monk's hood : the third chronicle of Brother Cadfael
The book of night women
The Boleyn King : a novel
The duchess war
The marriage of opposites : a novel based on the life of Rachel Pizzarro
The thief of time
The Persian boy
Set in the twelfth-century England when the empress Maud and Stephen are fighting for the crown of England after the death of Henry, chronicles the struggle to build a cathedral.
The Staff of Serapis : Percy Jackson & Kane Chronicles crossover
The valley of amazement
Then we take Berlin
A gentleman in Moscow
Taming Charlotte
Three souls : a novel
Wolf Hall
Girl with a pearl earring
Three sisters, three queens
All the light we cannot see : a novel
What the duke doesn't know
The essex serpent
The fifth gospel :a : a novel
The clan of the cave bear
Half of the human race
Bracelet of bones
The talisman ring
The Count of Monte Cristo
According to Queeney
The pillars of the earth
