http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17310 relativity
relativity
Relationalism about space is a venerable doctrine that is enjoying renewed attention among philosophers and physicists. Relationalists deny that space is ontologically prior to matter and seek to ground all claims about the structure of space in facts about actual and possible configurations of matter. Thus, many relationalists maintain that to say that space is infinite is to say that certain sorts of infinite arrays of material points are possible (even if, in fact, the world contains only a finite amount of matter). Gordon Belot investigates the distinctive notion of geometric possibility that relationalists rely upon. He examines the prospects for adapting to the geometric case the standard philosophical accounts of the related notion of physical possibility, with particular emphasis on Humean, primitivist, and necessitarian accounts of physical and geometric possibility. This contribution to the debate concerning the nature of space will be of interest not only to philosophers and metaphysicians concerned with space and time, but also to those interested in laws of nature, modal notions, or more general issues in ontology.
The meaning of relativity
Proportionality and the rule of law : rights, justification, reasoning
Integrity and moral relativism
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Truth without objectivity
Ontological relativity and other essays
Knowledge and social construction
Critical realism, post-positivism and the possibility of knowledge
The physics of history
Truth : a primer
Philosophy and psychoanalytic theory : collected essays
Fear of knowledge : against relativism and constructivism
The free movement of goods and the principle of proportionality
The truth about relativism
Studies in general relativity and quantum mechanics
Cognitive relativism and social science
Moral relativism : a reader
Debating the state of philosophy
"Relativism is one of philosophy's oldest -- and most polarizing -- concepts. It has captivated thinkers since the days of Protagoras (who supported the notion) and Plato (who did not). Relativism is assailed by popes as leading people away from absolute religious truths, and blamed by social commentators for many of society's ills. With a few notable exceptions, 20th-century philosophers grew to dismiss relativism as an obviously mistaken or even self-refuting concept. But in the past decade, even its staunchest philosophical critics have come to realize that relativism is a legitimate option for explaining a variety of phenomena, including faultless disagreement, the utility of alternative logics, varieties of cross-cultural moralities, and differing ontological conceptual schemes. Reflecting this overdue reappraisal, A Companion to Relativism presents the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Original contributions to this volume feature cutting edge thinking from a variety of eminent scholars who approach relativism from various perspectives and philosophical subfields"--
Einstein's Jewish science : physics at the intersection of politics and religion
Real choices/new voices : how proportional representation elections could revitalize American democracy
Einstein's clocks and Poincare's maps : empires of time
Varieties of relativism
Farewell to reason
Tensor geometry : the geometric viewpoint and its uses
"To speak of human rights is to speak of proportionality. It is no exaggeration to claim that proportionality has overtaken rights as the orienting idea in contemporary human rights law and scholarship. Proportionality has been received into the constitutional doctrine of courts in continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand, Israel, and South Africa, as well as the jurisprudence of treaty-based legal systems like the European Court of Human Rights, giving rise to claims of a global model, a received approach, or, simply, the best-practice standard of rights adjudication. Even in the United States, which is widely understood to have formally rejected proportionality, some argue that the various levels of scrutiny adopted by the US Supreme Court are analogous to the standard questions posed by proportionality. As proportionality scholars are well aware, some of the early literature on balancing and rights is American, with special reference to the First Amendment. Notwithstanding proportionality's popularity, there is no consensus on its methodology. Much less does the use of a proportionality doctrine guarantee consensus on substantive rights questions. What the principle of proportionality promises is a common analytical framework, a framework the significance of which is not in its ubiquity (a mere fact), but because its structure influences (some would say controls) how courts reason to conclusions in many of the great moral and political questions confronting political communities. As a framework, proportionality analysis is superficially straightforward, setting out four questions in evaluating whether the limitation of a right is justifiable. A serviceable - but by no means canonical"--
Relativism : interpretation and confrontation
The principle of proportionality : limitation and tool for the European integration
Augustus de Morgan and the logic of relations
Axiomatization of the theory of relativity
The specter of relativism : truth, dialogue, and phronesis in philosophical hermeneutics
Scientific perspectivism
Exploring borders : understanding culture and psychology
Fundamentals of physics
Relational mathematics
"But What If We're Wrong visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. We live in a culture of casual certitude. This has always been the case, no matter how often that certainty has failed. Though no generation believes there's nothing left to learn, every generation unconsciously assumes that what has already been defined and accepted is (probably) pretty close to how reality will be viewed in perpetuity. And then, of course, time passes. Ideas shift. Opinions invert. What once seemed reasonable eventually becomes absurd, replaced by modern perspectives that feel even more irrefutable and secure--until, of course, they don't. But What If We're Wrong? visualizes the contemporary world as it will appear to those who'll perceive it as the distant past. Chuck Klosterman asks questions that are profound in their simplicity: How certain are we about our understanding of gravity? How certain are we about our understanding of time? What will be the defining memory of rock music, five hundred years from today? How seriously should we view the content of our dreams? How seriously should we view the content of television? Are all sports destined for extinction? Is it possible that the greatest artist of our era is currently unknown (or--weirder still--widely known, but entirely disrespected)? Is it possible that we "overrate" democracy? And perhaps most disturbing, is it possible that we've reached the end of knowledge? Kinetically slingshotting through a broad spectrum of objective and subjective problems, But What If We're Wrong? is built on interviews with a variety of creative thinkers--George Saunders, David Byrne, Jonathan Lethem, Kathryn Schulz, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Brian Greene, Junot Díaz, Amanda Petrusich, Ryan Adams, Nick Bostrom, Dan Carlin, and Richard Linklater, among others--interwoven with the type of high-wire humor and nontraditional analysis only Klosterman would dare to attempt. It's a seemingly impossible achievement: a book about the things we cannot know, explained as if we did. It's about how we live now, once "now" has become "then.""-- Provided by publisher.
Forms of life and following rules : a Wittgensteinian defence of relativism
Relativism and reality : a contemporary introduction
Geometric possibility
Process-relational philosophy : an introduction to Alfred North Whitehead
The category of relation
Pyramids : a Discworld novel
The metaphysics of relations
Relativism and religion
On the effects of cosmic structures in the late universe
Relativity : the special and the general theory : a popular exposition
The last word
Moral tribes : emotion, reason, and the gap between us and them
Introduction to the theory of relativity
Principles of electricity and magnetism
Proportionality and party success in Europe
Epistemological relativism and relativistic epistemology : Richard Rorty and the possibility of a philosophical theory of knowledge
Special relativity : a first encounter, 100 years since Einstein
A brief history of time:  from the big bang to black holes
The persistence of reality. 2, Science without unity : reconciling the human and natural sciences
Relativity : an introduction to space-time physics
The persistence of reality. 1, Pragmatism without foundations : reconciling realism and relativism
Of minimal things : studies on the notion of relation
Internet Connectivity Providers as Involuntary Copyright Enforcers : Blocking Websites in Particular
Terrible time
Cosmic perturbation theory and inflation
What spacetime explains : metaphysical essays on space and time
Moral relativity
Relativism in contemporary American philosophy
Rationality, relativism and incommensurability
Revisiting the foundations of relativistic physics : festschrift in honor of John Stachel
Relativism
Relativity and its roots
Scandalous knowledge : science, truth and the human
The Persistance of reality. 1, Pragmatism without foundations : Reconciling realism and relativism
The principle of proportionality in European law : a comparative study
Modern marketing theory : critical issues in the philosophy of marketing science
On the plurality of actual worlds
Moral relativism and moral objectivity
Metaethical relativism : against the single analysis assumption
This volume presents thirteen original essays which explore both traditional and contemporary aspects of the metaphysics of relations. It is uncontroversial that there are true relational predications-'Abelard loves Eloise', 'Simmias is taller than Socrates', 'smoking causes cancer', and so forth. More controversial is whether any true relational predications have irreducibly relational truthmakers. Do any of the statements above involve their subjects jointly instantiating polyadic properties, or can we explain their truths solely in terms of monadic, non-relational properties of the relata? According to a tradition dating back to Plato and Aristotle, and continued by medieval philosophers, polyadic properties are metaphysically dubious. In non-symmetric relations such as the amatory relation, a property would have to inhere in two things at once-lover and beloved-but characterise each differently, and this puzzled the ancients. More recent work on non-symmetric relations highlights difficulties with their directionality. Such problems offer clear motivation for attempting to reduce relations to monadic properties.
But what if we're wrong? : thinking about the present as if it were the past
The ends of philosophy
Relativity and man
The problem of induction: the presuppositions revisited
Philosophy and the humanities
Epistemology after Protagoras : responses to relativism in Plato, Aristotle, and Democritus
Relativity : the special and the general theory
Interpretation, relativism, and the metaphysics of culture : themes in the philosophy of Joseph Margolis
Philosophical papers. Vol. 1, Objectivity, relativism, and truth
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
A companion to relativism
Introduction to special relativity
The problem of historical knowledge : an answer to relativism
Relativism and the natural left
Rationality and relativism
Religious practice and the claims of anthropology : the Edward Westermarck memorial lecture 2007
Relativismus und Kontextualismus : Festschrift für Henri Lauener = Relativism and contextualism : essays in honor of Henri Lauener
An undergraduate course for nonscience majors that treats the atom as a tool for revealing the quantitative history of everything--from the human diet and works of art to Earth's climate and the universe.
The anthropological character of theology : conditioning theological understanding
Introduction to general relativity
Ratio and proportion : research and teaching in mathematics teachers' education (pre- and in-service mathematics teachers of elementary and middle school classes)
I am right, you are wrong : from this to the new reneissance: from rock logic to water logic
Relative truth
Conceptual relativity, contextualization, and ontological commitments
The apportionment problem : a monograph
Introductory relativity
Naturalising intentionality : inquiries into realism & relativism
Donald Davidson and the mirror of meaning : holism, truth, interpretation
Sears and Zemansky's university physics : with modern physics
Semi-citizenship in democratic politics
Time and the metaphysics of relativity
On being a Christian in the Academy : Nicholas Wolterstorff and the practice of Christian scholarship
Objectivity : the obligations of impersonal reason
In this work, 15 philosophers offer new essays exploring the metaphysics of relations from antiquity to the present day. From those who question whether there are relational properties at all, to those who hold they are a fundamental part of reality, the essays cover a wide range of views on the nature and ontological status of relations.
Essential relativity : special, general, and cosmological
An introduction to the theory of relativity
A brief history of time
Which rights should be universal?
Human rights and global diversity
Relativism refuted : a critique of contemporary epistemological relativism
"A Companion to Relativism presents original contributions from leading scholars that address the latest thinking on the role of relativism in the philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics. Features original contributions from many of the leading figures working on various aspects of relativism Presents a substantial, broad range of current thinking about relativism Addresses relativism from many of the major subfields of philosophy, including philosophy of language, epistemology, ethics, philosophy of science, logic, and metaphysics"--
Reclaiming truth : contribution to a critique of cultural relativism
Dynamics and relativity
