http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17351 self-destruction
self-destruction
A bright red scream : self-mutilation and the language of pain
Treating borderline personality disorder : the dialectical approach
Responding to self-harm in children and adolescents : a professional's guide to identification, intervention and support
"A temporary solution to a permanent problem" : how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care
Trainspotting
The scarred soul : understanding & ending self-inflicted violence
The burn journals
Nervous system medications and suicidal ideation and behaviour : the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Finnish summary.
Self-injurious behavior in intellectual disabilities
Helping teens who cut : understanding and ending self-injury
At the edge of light
Psychiatric disorders, behavioural and family problems and neuropsychological disabilities are common among adolescent reform school students
Landmarks in psychoanalysis : collected papers
The clinical science of suicide prevention
The international handbook of suicide and attempted suicide
Suicide prevention : resources for the millennium
"Told in alternating voices, when Theodore Finch and Violet Markey meet on the ledge of the bell tower at school--both teetering on the edge--it's the beginning of an unlikely relationship, a journey to discover the "natural wonders" of the state of Indiana, and two teens' desperate desire to heal and save one another"
November of the soul : the enigma of suicide
Suicidal behaviour in mood disorders
Mental health handbook for schools
Suicide : the constructive/destructive self
Myths about suicide
Why people die by suicide
SUICIDAL TENDENCY AND SELF-HARM AMONG TEENAGERS IN THE HELSINKI METROPOLITAN AREA :A LITERATURE REVIEW
Comprehensive textbook of suicidology
"Over 800 000 people die by suicide every year – that's one person every 40 seconds. Yet these deaths are preventable. In WHO's first suicide report “Preventing suicide: a global imperative” information is included on what is known about suicide across the world, groups at particular risk of suicide, and what can be done at both societal and individual level to reduce the number of deaths from suicide." --
The piano teacher
Man against himself
Cognition and suicide : theory, research, and therapy
Personality disorders and suicide : theory and research
Suicide in Victorian and Edwardian England
Catch me when I fall
The limit
Self-harm among young people : a literature review
Cockroach
Southpaw
Helping children and young people who self-harm : an introduction to self-harming and suicidal behaviours for health professionals
That's not a feeling
The art of suicide
It's kind of a funny story
International handbook of suicide prevention : research, policy and practice
The temple of the golden pavilion
Aggression and destructiveness : psychoanalytic perspectives
Self-injury in youth : the essential guide to assessment and intervention
Willow
Sweet deception
Eight years ago, Charlie lost her brother in a mountaineering accident. She's come a long way since, or rather has fallen a long way down... A drop out, an alcoholic and promiscuous to boot, she is a constant disappointment to her family. Eight years ago, Richard Davenport watched his best friend die. Now a successful businessman, he's never forgotten the promise he made to Charlie's brother that he would keep her safe. But how do you go about saving someone hell-bent on self-destruction? One night Charlie goes too far and Richard is her only option for help. Can he break through and stop her lying to herself? Or will Charlie finally succeed in tumbling over the edge...
Art and the wish to die
Sharp objects : a novel
Suicide attempters : drug overdose patterns and ratings of suicidality
Speaking wounds : silence, self-injury and healing in Patricia McCormick's Cut
A long way down
Suicide : the tragedy of hopelessness
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Psychiatria Fennica. 2003 : 34th annual volume
The neurobiology of suicide : from the bench to the clinic
Babylon nights
A humorous account of a New York City teenager's battle with depression and his time spent in a psychiatric hospital / Library of Congress.
Suicidal behaviour in bipolar disorder
The story of a girl who learns to live from a boy who wants to die.
Transgression through self-mutilation : the characters' struggle to establish a personal gender identity in select works by Chuck Palahniuk
Mental disorders and comorbidity in attempted suicide
Around the world, more than a million people die by suicide each year. Yet many of us know very little about a tragedy that may strike our own loved ones, and much of what we think we know is wrong. This book dismantles myth after myth to bring compassionate and accurate understanding of a massive international killer. Drawing on a fascinating array of clinical cases, media reports, literary works, and scientific studies, the author demolishes both moralistic and psychotherapeutic cliches. He shows that suicide is not easy, painless, cowardly, rash, vengeful, or selfish. It is not a manifestation of "suppressed rage" or a side effect of medication. It is not caused by breast augmentation, medicines, "slow" methods like smoking or anorexia, or, as some psychoanalysts once thought, things like masturbation. Threats of suicide, far from being idle, are often followed by serious attempts. People who are prevented once from killing themselves will not necessarily try again. The risk for suicide, he argues, is partly genetic and is influenced by often agonizing mental disorders. Vulnerability to suicide may be anticipated and treated. Most important, suicide can be prevented. The author, an expert whose own father's death by suicide changed his life, is relentless in his pursuit of the truth about suicide and deeply sympathetic to such tragic waste of life and the pain it causes those left behind.--Book jacket.
Finnish Summary.
Self harm : the path to recovery
The suicidal patient : clinical and legal standards of care
Sid & Nancy
For one more day
Oxford textbook of suicidology and suicide prevention : a global perspective
The other side of you
Escaping the self : alcoholism, spirituality, masochism, and other flights from the burden of selfhood
Trends in suicidality in Eastern Finland, 1988-1997
Bleeding to ease the pain : cutting, self-injury, and the adolescent search for self
Helping adolescents who self-mutilate : a practice theory
Leadership is a matter of life and death : the psychodynamics of Eros and Thanatos working in organisations
The water children
Prevention of suicide : guidelines for the formulation and implementation of national strategies
Cutting : understanding and overcoming self-mutilation
Acute drug poisoning: outcome and factors affecting outcome
Sanctuary
Controversial therapies for developmental disabilities : fad, fashion, and science in professional practice
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
Skin for skin : death and life for Inuit and Innu
Femininity, self-harm and eating disorders in Japan : navigating contradiction in narrative and visual culture
By their own young hand : deliberate self-harm and suicidal ideas in adolescents
Cut : the true story of an abandoned, abused little girl who was desperate to be part of a family
Our happy time
Cry of pain : understanding suicide and the suicidal mind
Suicidal behaviour in a low-incidence population : a study of the Faroe islanders
“A TEMPORARY SOLUTION TO A PERMANENT PROBLEM ”- how to care for individuals with self-destructive behaviors in open-care.
TPH replication study: not! : [letter]
Challenging behavior and developmental disability
Thinking about suicide : perspectives on suicide
Conflict and development in adolescence
Narcisa : our lady of ashes : a novel
Suicidal behaviour and menstrual cycle : from puberty to post-menopause
The psychology of female violence : crimes against the body
Ihon alla : Under the skin
All the bright places
Working with adolescents and young adults : a contemporary psychodynamic approach
Death by denial : studies of suicide in gay and lesbian teenagers
Long-term outcome of DSM-IV major depressive disorder in psychiatric care
