http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17379 cleaning sector
cleaning sector
Selling contract cleaning services 101
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland : proceedings
Method cards for cleaning work : maintenance cleaning
How to open & operate a financially successful cleaning service
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
Management of Industrial Cleaning Technology and Processes
Accommodation and cleaning services : volume 1 : operations
Green Cleaning for Dummies
Summary: Follow the yellow.
Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business.
The night cleaner
CM, Cleaning & maintenance management
Start and run a home cleaning business
Housekeeping by design : hotels and labor
Naiset joustavilla työmarkkinoilla : tapaustutkimus naisten kokemuksista epätyypillisestä työsuhteesta siivouspalveluyrityksessä = Women in flexible employment market : a case-study of women's experiences of a atypical employment relationship in a cleaning service business
Abstract.
Hotel and lodging management : an introduction
Puhtausalan työturvallisuus : tavoitteena nolla tapaturmaa = Work safety in the cleaning industry : our goal: zero accidents
One good turn : a jolly murder mystery
Accommodation and cleaning services. Vol. 2, Management
Puhtausalan sanasto = Vocabulary of cleaning industry
Professional cleaning in 2010 : cleaning professionals' thoughts of their field and its future
Recruiting skilled orderlies for health care organization
The development of customer satisfaction and loyalty within Turku's cleaning industry
Cleaning Proficiency Manual
Statutory and agreement-based provisions on certain aspects of the organization of working time in the cleaning industry
Foundations of lodging management
Bud's Instruction Manual: learn more then the basics about janitorial floor maintenance carpet cleaning office cleaning and more
Hotel, catering and home economics sector : national core curriculum in hotel, restaurant and catering services on the upper secondary level : national core curriculum in home economics and cleaning services on the upper secondary level : the programme in home economics
Professional management of housekeeping operations
Employee information management of Global Siivous Tmi
Cleaning supervisor`s handbook
Start Your Own Cleaning Business
Cleaning field from the viewpoint of professionals : tips to the future education
Cleaning service from the viewpoint of experts
Managing housekeeping operations
Cleaning & maintenance management magazine
One good turn
European cleaning journal
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : proceedings
Start your own cleaning service : your step-by-step guide to success
Opas puhtausalaan = Introduktion till städbranschen = Introduction to cleaning = Koristamise põhitõed = Obučenie po uborke
Start and run a successful cleaning business: the Essential guide to building a profitable company
Going once, going twice, sold! : the economics of past and present public procurement in Sweden
The idea was simple: pack a suitcase, go to another city where you have no connections and try to find a job, anonymously. That was the idea that took Florence Aubenas--one of France's most accomplished undercover journalists--on a journey into the worst recession since the Great Depression. Day after day she searched for work, one unemployed worker among others, with no special skills or qualifications. She immersed herself in the crowd of job seekers, going from one employment office to another, eventually managing to cobble together a few hours working as a night cleaner on a ferry that crossed the English Channel. For many people the global financial crisis seems real enough but remote from their daily lives. They have little sense of what it really means to be unemployed in the midst of a recession. Florence Aubenas was determined to find out. This book is the story of her journey.--From publisher description.
Managing front office operations
Cleaning in tomorrow's world : proceedings : Third International Congress on Professional Cleaning 30. September - 1. October 2002, Helsinki, Finland
