http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17369 video discs
video discs
CD jacket collection
Arabian Lawrence
The net : a film
Premiere Pro CS5 and CS5.5 digital classroom
Lord of illusions : unrated director's cut
Zoo TV : live from Sydney
Tex Avery's Screwball classics
Johnny Mnemonic
An interactive videodisk and its future with compact disks : case study in the construction industry at the Technical Research Centre of Finland
The shining = Hohto
The heroic trio
One flew over the cuckoo's nest = Yksi lensi yli käenpesän
Star trek : first contact
Mars attacks! : nice planet. We'll take it!
American cyborg : steel warrior
The Laser Video Disc Companion : a guide to the high-end delivery system for home video
The origins of scientific cinematography
Ninotchka
Extraordinary records = Außergewöhnliche Schallplatten = Disques extraordinaires : records from the collections of Alessandro Benedetti and Peter Bastine
Monkey business
On the waterfront = Sur les Quais = Die Faust im Nacken = La ley del silencio = Fonte del porto
Essential guide to interactive videodisc hardware and applications / Charles R. Miller, III
Star wars : return of the Jedi
Daffy Duck's Quackbusters
Star wars : the empire strkikes back
Terminator 2
Twin Peaks : soundtrack from Twin Peaks
Maanmittari = the Surveyor
Star wars : a new hope
Pulp fiction
Computers and the history of art / edited by Anthony Hamber, Jean Miles and William Vaughan
Nordic optical disk directory
Fellinin Satyricon
Blu-ray disc demystified
Ghost in the shell
High Sierra
Premiere Pro is a powerful, timeline-based video editing software, and this personal training course uses a full-color book plus video tutorials on DVD to teach you how to use all its features. Fifteen self-paced lessons encourage you to discover the creative possibilities that Adobe’ s Premiere Pro presents. Step-by-step directions, lesson files, and an instructional video demonstrate the many exciting features of Premiere Pro. You can learn from leading instructors, and do it at your own pace.
Come and see
Braveheart = taipumaton
McCabe & Mrs. Miller
Tanssii susien kanssa = Dances with wolves
The crow
Winners! : producing effective electronic media
Naked lunch
East coasting : the cover art of New York's Prestige, Riverside and Atlantic records
Frankenstein : the man who made a monster
