http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17334 managers of cities, towns and municipalities
managers of cities, towns and municipalities
Women on corporate boards and in top management : European trends and policy
A Kim Jong-Il production : kidnap, torture, murder ...making movies North Korean-style
The favored daughter : one woman's fight to lead Afghanistan into the future
Franco's crypt : Spanish culture and memory since 1936
Alignment and leadership in ICT strategies of private and public organizations
North Korea : a political handbook
The three tasks of leadership : worldly wisdom for pastoral leaders
Harvard business review on leadership in a changed world
Corporate governance and chief executive officer compensation in business groups
Positively responsible : how business can save the planet
Atatürk : an intellectual biography
Under the northern lights : the reflection of gender on the career of women managers in Finnish municipalities
The China Business Model: Originality and Limits emphasizes transformation of the Chinese Business Model over the last decades. The impact of the financial crisis on China helps the reader understand its evolution towards capitalism. Topics covered include CSR, leadership, and management in China, how do these organizations impact the performance of companies, the financing policy of Chinese firms and its evolution till the slowdown, finance and business in China, and how could the banking sector and/or the financial markets help the development of Chinese companies?
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government: in comparative perspective
Principal selection processes in eight Finnish municipalities
Changing decision-making power of municipal leaders : comparative experiences from Finnish, Spanish and Slovak municipalities
Genghis Khan : conqueror of the world
The impact of stock option incentives on investment and firm value
Managing & organizations : an introduction to theory & practice
Corporate governance
Karl Doenitz and the last days of the third reich
When Mustafa Kemal Atatürk became the first president of Turkey in 1923, he set about transforming his country into a secular republic where nationalism sanctified by science. This book provides a look at the intellectual life of the Turkish Republic's founder.
Hitler's hangman : the life and death of Reinhard Heydrich
Abstract: (The essence of developing as a director : experiences of directors in the municipal sector.
Reinhard Heydrich is widely recognized as one of the great iconic villains of the twentieth century, an appalling figure even within the context of the Nazi leadership. Chief of the Nazi Criminal Police, the SS Security Service, and the Gestapo, ruthless overlord of Nazi-occupied Bohemia and Moravia, and leading planner of the "Final Solution," Heydrich played a central role in Hitler's Germany. He shouldered a major share of responsibility for some of the worst Nazi atrocities, and up to his assassination in Prague in 1942, he was widely seen as one of the most dangerous men in Nazi Germany. Yet Heydrich has received remarkably modest attention in the extensive literature of the Third Reich. Robert Gerwarth weaves together little-known stories of Heydrich's private life with his deeds as head of the Nazi Reich Security Main Office. Fully exploring Heydrich's progression from a privileged middle-class youth to a rapacious mass murderer, Gerwarth sheds new light on the complexity of Heydrich's adult character, his motivations, the incremental steps that led to unimaginable atrocities, and the consequences of his murderous efforts toward re-creating the entire ethnic makeup of Europe.
The statesman's yearbook 2014 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
A world in need of leadership : tomorrow's United Nations : a fresh appraisal
Abstract: The Essence of Developing as a Director: Experiences of Directors in the Municipal Sector.
Governance, directors and boards
Reflection of gender : on the career of women managers
The ayatollahs' democracy : an Iranian challenge
The Middle East, as we know it today, was shaped in the violent and tumultuous years of the first half of the 20th century. The roots of many of the conflicts and crises which afflict the region today can be traced back to this period of wars, high drama and the cavalier re-drawing of maps. Patrick Seale, a leading historian of the region, tells the story of the making of the modern Middle East through the life of Riad el-Solh, a Lebanese politician who grew into the outstanding Arab statesman of his time. Based on British and French archives, and on numerous interviews, the book pieces together the history of the Arab struggle for independence through the lives of those most directly involved. It is an invaluable resource for students and researchers, and of compelling interest to anyone who wants to know more about the Middle East.
The Theory of Social and Economic Organization
The moral capital of leaders : why virtue matters
Islamic fundamentalism : an introduction
The ascent of international business communication
Dear Leader
Women as political leaders : studies in gender and governing
Goering : Hitler's Iron Knight
Hunt for the new CEO : a review of the selection process
Women on corporate boards of directors : international research and practice
Libya : the rise and fall of Qaddafi
The answers: North Korea
In this work, Laurence Rees discusses the often overlooked subject of Hitler's character and personality, examining the nature of his appeal and the role his supposed charisma played in his success.
Syria : revolution from above
Studies on corporate social responsibility in the Finnish small business context
The China business model : originality and limits
Social bonds to city hall : how appointed managers enter, experience and leave their jobs in Western local government
Over the past several years, the fields of Leadership Studies and of Women's Studies have grown tremendously. This book, which is a series of case studies of women who have headed governments across the globe, will discuss the conditions and situations under which women rose to power and give a brief biography of each woman. A special chapter on why no U.S. woman has risen to the top, and a review of the political campaigns of Hillary Clinton, Michele Bachmann and others will be included. This book will be of interest for courses in women and leadership, global politics and gender studies.
The orphan master's son
Capitalism, class conflict and the new middle class
Moral mazes : the world of corporate managers
Strategic management in the knowledge economy : new approaches and business applications
The struggle for Arab independence : Riad el-Solh and the makers of the modern Middle East
A comparative study of achieving styles of managers and politicians in a transitional economy and a knowledge economy
Sustainability partnerships : the manager's handbook
Director interlocking and firm ownership : longitudinal studies of 1- and 3-mode network dynamics
Mastering business in Asia : corporate governance
There is an increasing awareness that gender equality is not something that just "is" in unproblematic and natural ways, but that it may be understood and packaged in several ways, with quite different consequences. It therefore makes good sense to ask, with the authors in this book, how gender equality is understood and practised in the Nordic countries, with their avowedly good record on gender equality measures. It makes especially good sense to look closely at the consequences and difficulties that arise out of the many-faceted meanings attached to "gender" and "equality" in politics and policies, as well as in daily life. In this book, eleven Nordic scholars offer critical analyses of current dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions in the field of Nordic gender equality. They have studied issues to do with constructing state and nation, regulating political practices and producing gendered subjectivities. The authors are affiliated with universities in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden and united in seeing the need for a critical scholarly stance on Nordic gender equality policies and practices.
Membership of the board of directors : the job top executives want no more
The Soviet century
Hitler's piano player : the rise and fall of Ernst Hanfstaengl, confident of Hitler, ally of FDR
Shigeru Mizuki's Hitler : [a master cartoonist and veteran tells the life story of the man who started the second world war]
Today greater responsibilities are being put on regions to shape their own future. Thus, different kinds of regional collaboration arenas have emerged and an increasing number of regional collaboration projects are now crossing both county and nation borders. The object of interest in this study is the Bothnian Arc project. This project involves municipalities on the Swedish and the Finnish side of the Gulf of Bothnia. The aim has been to analyse opinions and experiences of Swedish actors regarding the Bothnian Arc as a region-strengthening project. The article is based on interviews with fourteen municipality representatives and a questionnaire answered by approximately 300 firm managers within the Bothnian Arc area.The Bothnian Arc is essentially a political project and this study shows that the policy creating institutions have not succeeded in transferring ideas and objectives to firms within the area. In fact, only 30 per cent of the firm managers were familiar with the project. More concrete projects adapted to firm interests were required by a few of the municipality representatives. Moreover, the municipalities closest to the Finnish border are more active and involved both on municipal and firm level. This tendency is primarily due to already existing traditions of collaboration with Finnish actors.
Historiography at the end of the Republic : provincial perspectives on Roman rule
Hitler : a short biography
The statesman's yearbook 2015 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
India after Gandhi : the history of the world's largest democracy
The statesman's yearbook 2016 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
Gender diversity of corporate boards : a registry-based analysis of Nordic startups and larger companies
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Introduction to African religion
The United Nations under U Thant, 1961-1971
The directly elected (chief executive) mayor and local leadership in German local government : in comparative perspective
East Timor : beyond independence
The challenge for Africa
Exploring Finnish local and regional administration : some current perspectives
The Dark Charisma of Adolf Hitler : leading millions into the abyss
Stranger in a strange land : encounters in the disunited states
Cross-border collaboration in the North. Viewpoints of municipal representatives and firm managers on the Bothnian Arc project
Hitler & America
THE WHITE LIONESS
Hitler's last day : minute by minute
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Hitler at home
The step-by-step guide to sustainability planning : how to create and implement sustainability plans in any business or organization
The statesman's yearbook 2013 : the politics, cultures and economies of the world
How China's leaders think : the inside story of China's reform and what this means for the future
The garland of nation-souls : complete talks at the United Nations
Suomen EU-puheenjohtajuus - koulutuksella uudelle vuosituhannelle = Finlands EU-ordförandeskap - utbildningen på väg mot det nya årtusendet = Finnish Precidency of the EU - education and training into the new millenium = Précidence Finlandaise de l'EU - éducation et formation professionelle au nouveau millénaire
Critical studies of gender equalities : Nordic dislocations, dilemmas and contradictions
Goebbels : a biography
A Russian advocate of peace : Vasilii Malinovskii (1765-1814)
