http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17374 international payments traffic
international payments traffic
Towards the Geopolitics of Flows : implications for Finland
SEPA migration projects in Finnish companies
The international monetary system under flexible exchange rates : global, regional, and national : essays in honor of Robert Triffin
ICC guide to export/import : global standards for international trade
Improving cross-border payments in the Euro area
Handbook of international economics. Vol. 2, International monetary economics and finance
Guide to export-import basics : vital knowledge for trading internationally
International business : European edition
Bootstrap testing for cointegration of international commodity prices
ICC uniform customs and practice for documentary credits, 2007 revision = Yhdenmukaiset remburssisäännöt UCP 600
Trader's ABC. 3, Payments
International money and finance
International finance : management, markets, and institutions
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
International monetary economics
Adaption and renegotiation of contracts in international trade and finance
Principles of international financial law
Export/import letters of credit and payment methods : a guide for payments in international trade
Globalization and progressive economic policy
International Finance is an established and internationally renowned introduction to the subject for undergraduate and postgraduate students. It draws on recent events to provide comprehensive coverage of traditional theories and new research relating to the balance of payments, exchange rate determination and the international monetary system.
World trade and payments : an introduction
International finance
Yhdenmukaiset remburssisäännöt = ICC uniform customs and practice for documentary credits
United Nations library on transnational corporations. Vol. 8, Transnational corporations and international trade and payments
International banking regulation and supervision : change and transformation in the 1990s
Multinational business finance
Guide to payments in trade with Russia
Round table on the Euro : the communications challenge
International business, the recession and economic restructuring
The international economy
Globalisation : threat or opportunity?
Asset markets, exchange rates, and economic integration : a synthesis
Yhdenmukaiset perittäväsäännöt = ICC uniform rules for collections
The reemergence of the purchasing power parity doctrine in the 1970s
Global currency unit : a balanced approach to performance evaluation in multinational enterprises
Domestic and international banking
The rules of the game : reform and evolution in the international monetary system
The international money market
Money, economic policy and Europe
Documentary credits in practice
Payment systems in global perspective
Creation the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
Handbook of international economics. Vol. 1
Guide to export-import basics : Vital knowledge for trading internationally
An introduction to global financial markets
Payment and settlement systems in Finland
Foreign disturbances and domestic reactions : a comparative study of wage and exchange rate policy reactions in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Sweden 1973-81
Reflections on a troubled world economy : essays in honour of Herbert Giersch
Standby letters of credit : a comprehensive guide
International business : update 2003
Payment and settlement systems in Finland 1995
International capital markets : systems in transition
Exchange rates, payments adjustment, and OPEC : why oil deficits persist
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Responsible business : self-governance and law in transnational economic transactions
Exchange-rate determination
International business
The handbook of international trade : a guide to the principles and practice of export
The international money market : an assessment of forecasting techniques and market efficiency
The long integration process of European monetary policy has taken long step during the last decade. First the euro was introduced in 1999 and now the European payment system is being standardized. SEPA means Single Euro Payments Area. Its purpose is to standardize and to create more efficient payment systems in the euro area. SEPA consist of all EU euro zone countries, EU non-euro zone countries and EEA zone countries. The first steps of implementation of SEPA were conducted in beginning of 2007, when the IBAN account number was taken into use in the euro area. The objective of this thesis was to study the shift from national payment transactions to a European payment practice SEPA. Hence cash management is an important part of business, and especially it is crucial to ensure the sufficient volume of money available for the business. Managing short-term financing, controlling the cash flows and choosing and maintaining good bank relations are all important aspects of cash management. Therefore, aim was to gain thorough understanding of how these changes in payment methods affect medium and large sized companies' operating in Finland and especially to their cash and liquidity management.  The study of this thesis was conducted through a qualitative research. Theory was based on literature published on the subject. Background information of SEPA was collected mainly from various sources of the Internet and colleagues from Sampo Bank. This is because there was a lack of relevant literature at the time this thesis was done. Moreover, researcher's own findings and working experience in banking industry was used to gather source material.  The findings indicated that the knowledge of SEPA among medium and large companies was relatively good, and mainly proper preparatory actions have been taken. As there is still transition time left, companies were not in haste to make changes to their payment systems. In this thesis, it appears that moving towards SEPA is a very challenging project but also beneficial to all stakeholders.
Exchange rates and international finance
The IMF a changing world 1945-85
Global business today
Currency know-how : a handbook offering proven economic solutions for everyone working with or planning to work with foreign financing and exchange management and control in the process of internationalization
Creation of the SEPA and its impacts on companies in Finland
The law of international trade
Theory and problems of international economics
An international bibliography of payment instruments and systems literature for the years 1985-1991
The use of Finnish consultancy trust funds : review on trust funds in the World Bank, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, the International Finance Corporation and the African Development Bank
EU payments integration : the tale of SEPA, PSD and other milestones along the road
Contentment of SEPA-introduction of Corporate Customers of Säästöpankki
Negotiation of international contracts
Cases in international finance
International contracts and payments
Law of International Trade
Methods of payment in Finnish foreign trade : cases and exercises for classroom work
International money and credit : the policy roles
Corporate treasury and cash management
How EC and World Bank Policies Are Destroying Agriculture and the Environment : - A European and third World Perspective -
Currencies and crises
