http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17393 prosecutors
prosecutors
The police : powers, procedures and proprieties
The case for the prosecution in the Ciceronian era
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2007 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Prosecutors and politics : a comparative perspective
Annual report of the Prosecutor General : Summary
The criminal prosecution in England
Conclusion (s. 281-297).
Until thy wrath be past
Natchez burning
Similarities and differences in prosecution in Scandinavia
The role of the prosecutor : report of the International Criminal Justice Seminar held at the London School of Economics and Political Science in January 1987
Law & order. Season 1
Policing and prosecution in Britain 1750-1850
The Attorney General, politics and the public interest
Just take my heart
Summer of the dead
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2005 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2005.
Roman Polanski : wanted and desired
The criminal process
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2002.
The woods
A killing in the hills
Last ragged breath
Law & order : criminal intent. The second year
Public prosecutors and discretion : a comparative study
The Burma conspiracy
Law & order : criminal intent. The first year
Courts, prosecution, and conviction
Devil's corner
Silent mercy
Criminal justice : an introduction to the criminal justice system in England and Wales
The European public prosecutor ́s office : analysis of a multilevel criminal justice system
A note on the speeches of the prosecutors in Cicero's Pro Milone 35-6
Blue bloods. The third season
Crime, gender and sexuality in criminal prosecutions
The front
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2004 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok 2004 = Yearbook of justice statistics 2004.
The origins of adversary criminal trial
The implementation of the Corpus Juris in the member states. Vol. 1
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Billions : season one
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2008 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Departures from genre norms - the case of the Starr report
Non-prosecution in Europe : report of the European seminar held in Helsinki, Finland, 22-24 March 1986.
Prosecutors, the objectives of criminal policy and the situation in Finland
ABA standards for criminal justice prosecution function and defense function
Just before dawn
Just take my heart : a novel
The international
Prosecuting domestic violence : a philosophical analysis
Law & order. The second year
The reversal
The case for the prosecution
Prosecution in common law jurisdictions
The alibi
The Experiment
10th anniversary
The competition
Blue bloods. The first season
Blue bloods. The second season
Prosecutorial decision-making in Finland : the results of a simulation study
Europeanization of procedural law and the new challenges to fair trial
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja 2006 = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics
Criminal procedure in Scotland and France : a comparative study with particular emphasis on the role of the public prosecutor
Toward a prosecutor for the European Union. Volume 1, A comparative analysis
Essays in criminal law
Prosecutorial discretion and its limits
The second deadly sin
The role of the public prosecutor in criminal justice, according to the different constitutional systems : reports presented to the ancillary meeting held at the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, Cairo, May 4, 1995
The quiet game
The tunnel
European judicial systems 2002 : facts and figures on the basis of a survey conducted in 40 Council of Europe member states
The handbook of the criminal justice process
Aspects of Finnish contemporary law : Finnish national reports to the XVIth Congress of the International Academy of Comparative Law, Brisbane, 2002
Southern lights
The training of judges and public prosecutors in Europe : proceedings : multilateral meeting organised by the Council of Europe in conjunction with the Centre for Judical Studies, Lisbon, 27-28 April 1995.
Coping with overloaded criminal justice systems : the rise of prosecutorial power across Europe
Blue bloods. The fourth season
