http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17316 nursing homes
nursing homes
Resting homes for the Lottas
Nutrition in care homes and home care : report and recommendations : from recommendations to action
Abstract: The purpose of our study was to increase kindergarten teachersʼ awareness of the importance of supporting childrenʼs self-esteem by creating a play booklet.  We made a functional thesis that consists of a report and a concrete product, a booklet for kindergarten teachers. The subject was discussed with our working-life partner, Helsinki Cityʼs kindergarten, since we wanted to work along their wishes. Based on Michele Borbaʼs self-esteem model we chose five activities that aim to support the different elements of self-esteem of children aged four to five years. When planning the activities we took into consideration this age groupʼs self-esteem, motor and social skills development. To guarantee the functionality of the activities we tested them with our working-life partner. One of the evaluation methods was to gather feedback of the booklet from our working-life partner and one other kindergarten. The idea is that the booklet can be adapted to every kindergartenʼs daily routines and to the kindergarten teachersʼ different ways of working. Ideally each of the activities would be organized with the same group of children and the bookletʼs order of the activities would be followed. This secures the development of self-esteem will be approached holistically.  The chosen theoretical framework successfully supports the booklet and its activities. We managed to create a well-functioning booklet that can be applied to kindergarten teachersʼ various ways of working. With this study we did not evaluate how the activities affect childrenʼs self-esteem, and thus it would be meaningful to conduct a further study about it.
Palliative care for older people in care homes
Oral and nutritional problems among residents in assisted living facilities
Sarepta rest home, Republic, Michigan : 25th anniversary 1934-1959
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
Aesthetics in care environments : the Japanese experience
Rethinking residential child care : positive perspectives
How Eskimos keep their babies warm and other adventures in parenting (from Argentina to Tanzania and everywhere in between)
Uneasy endings : daily life in an American nursing home
Smart technology in smart use : UAS Master symposium IV : proceedings
The secret diary of Hendrik Groen, 83 1/4 years old
Palliative care for older people : better practices
HOME CARE 24h : Strengthening Competences and Renewing Operations Models
An ensiling experiment was conducted to assess the possibility for increasing the selenium content in grass silage by using a selenium-enriched silage additive, and to determine possible changes in the form of selenium during ensiling. Prewilted and precision-chopped silage was prepared from the second cut of timothy - meadow fescue sward in southern Finland. The additive treatments (6 g kg-1) were: control without additive, water containing 50 mg sodium selenate kg-1, and formic acid-based additive containing 10, 50 or 500 mg sodium selenate kg-1. The selenium content of the control silage was low (0.069 mg kg-1 dry matter) whereas the selenium content of the other silages was in line with the dose level of selenium delivered in the additive. The added selenate was detected only as selenate in the silages. Addition of sodium selenate to silage additive provided a controlled way to add selenium to the diet of forage-fed animals.
Wound care in home care : Information booklet for Kotipeura
Patterns of care in the last two years of life : care transitions and places of death of old people
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Do unto animals : a friendly guide to how animals live, and how we can make their lives better
"Fill my heart - thou golden sun" : dementia & reminiscence
Home lingual environment effect on development : of child's language in multilingual daycare
Perusterveydenhuolto 2012 = Primärvård 2012 = Primary health care services 2012
When love gets tough : the nursing home decision
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme party for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
In dementia care, it has been widely recognized that not only providing medical treatment, but also building an appropriate care relationship between medical professionals and the persons with dementia is one of the keys for understanding the person's needs and for developing their residual physical and mental abilities. However, there has been little discussion about the meanings and contexts of the care relationship and the role of the therapeutic tools used and the therapist's expertise in establishing it. To examine these points, the following research questions were addressed: 1) as a mediating tool in the care relationship, what kinds of narratives were created through everyday interaction between therapists and dementia sufferers? 2) how and why were narratives constructed? 3) what is the teaching-learning process of the therapist through narrative joint formation?, and consequently, 4) what is the relationship in dementia care? The data was collected from interviews with one experienced occupational therapist and observations of his care sessions with two Alzheimer's disease (AD) sufferers in a Japanese nursing home for two years. Their interactions and narratives were transcribed and qualitatively analysed based on Vygotsky's cultural-historical approaches and Bakhtin's theory of dialogue in education as a theoretical framework. The results have shown that the therapist jointly created narratives and a triadic relationship between the AD sufferers, the narratives, and himself.Using the narratives, he arranged a dialogical environment where the AD sufferers could express their own voices and encounter the voices of others. This enabled them to learn the meaning of their therapeutic activity in connection to their own life experience. As cognitive/psychological tools, the narratives worked towards a teaching-learning process and helped to establish the care re lationship. Through the co-construction of narratives and the triadic relationship, the therapist listened to the AD sufferers' voices carefully, participated in an open ended and unfinalisable dialogue himself with them, and confronted them as equal respondents. In this sense, the therapist is seen as a dialogic teacher who actively learns knowledge and ideas from the dementia sufferers and unceasingly explores unknown questions in narratives with them.
Someone to watch over me
Listening to the voices of dementia:the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
The Resident Assessment Index in Home Care
Selenium supplementation by addition of sodium selenate with silage additive
Nobody's home : candid reflections of a nursing home aide
Choosing a holistic care approach for the elderly
Designing wellbeing in elderly care homes
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2009 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2009 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2009
Supporting Children's Self-Esteem in Early Childhood Education : A Play Booklet for Kindergarten Teachers
The exit
Alcohol use is one of the problems within elderly that had not been studied enough. The purpose of this thesis was to describe how widespread alcohol problem is among elderly who are under the home care services. The idea of this research arose from the experience I had when I was doing my elderly nursing care practice and I observed how alcohol affected their health. This research was quantitative. The data was gathered by interviewing the clients with the pre-made questionnaire forms. Most of the clients were excited about the interviews and some were even happy to be visited. The result of the data gathered was analyzed in the end, by using the descriptive method. Results were displayed through frequencies, averages and percentages. One aim of this thesis was to also collect and present this information to the home care unit, in order for them to do some proper actions through the nursing care plan. There were 20 interviewees who participated in the research. Only few among the elderly interviewed had visible alcohol problem. As outcome it was pleasing to find out that the alcohol problem among elderly is not that common than what I had expected. Based on this research there are clear conclusion to be made. The alcohol problem among elderlies in the home care is not a common problem, but the healthcare workers should still consider these clients more so that they could get necessary help and information regarding the dangers of alcohol.
The connection between on-farm assessed welfare (A-index) and production parameters of the sows
The patron saint of liars
Changes in place of death in Sweden 2004-2011 : a study of urban elderly receiving public eldercare services
Caring for people with challenging behaviors : essential skills and successful strategies in long-term care
Help! : they need somebody!
Elderly Emergency : Emergency room nurse’s experiences on how information flow affects the good care of an elderly patient in the emergency room
Bringing madness home : the multiple meanings of home in Janet Frame's Faces in the water, Bessie Head's A question of power and Lauren Slater's Prozac diary
Design details for health : making the most of design's healing potential
Nurses' perceptions and support of elderly loneliness in nursing homes
Electronic Technology in Home Medical Equipment in Chinese Market
Living for the elderly : a design manual
Living and dying at Murray Manor
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2012 : Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2012 = Count of regular home-care clients on 30 November of 2012
Towards quality care : outcomes for older people in care homes
Aging in the designed environment
Feeding levels during the growing phase affect the production of primiparous Finnish Landrace ewes
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme day for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Empirical Study of the Use and Exploitation of TAPE- Accident Reporting and Monitoring Program in Elder Care in Kouvola (accident project)
Using technologies with care : notes on technology assimilation processes in home care
Supporting children's self-esteem in early childhood education: a play booklet for kindergarten teachers
¡Me gusta la fiesta! : implementing a Mexican theme event for the residents of Kokkolan Hoitokoti
Getting on. The complete first season
"Memories are my own" : dementia & reminiscence
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
"Every day for the next twenty years, more than 10,000 people in the United States will turn 65. With life expectancies increasing as well, many of these Americans will eventually require round-the-clock attention and we have only begun to prepare for the challenge of caring for them. In Labors of Love, Jason Rodriquez examines the world of the fast-growing elder care industry, providing a nuanced and balanced portrait of the day-to-day lives of the people and organizations that devote their time to supporting America's aging population. Through extensive ethnographic research, interviews with staff and management, and analysis of internal documents, Rodriquez explores the inner workings of two different nursing homes one for-profit and one non-profit to understand the connections among the administrative regulations, the professional requirements, and the type of care provided in both types of facilities. He reveals a variety of challenges that nursing home care workers face day to day: battles over the budget; the administrative hurdles of Medicaid and Medicare; the employees' struggle to balance financial stability and compassionate care for residents. Yet, Rodriquez argues, nursing home workers give meaning and dignity to their work by building emotional attachments to residents and their care. An unprecedented study, Labors of Love brings new insight into the underlying structures of a crucial and expanding sector of the American health care system"--Provided by publisher.
Antimicrobial use and infections in Finnish long-term care facilities
Barriers to and facilitators of the evidence based practice in nursing homes
Spanish Home Care. Policies and consequences on a micro level
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
Labors of love : nursing homes and the structures of care work
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Occupational therapy in community-based practice settings
Technology as a part of care service production : concept design case for Wiktio
The objectives were to determine 1. the behaviour of heifers at pasture or housed on slats, and 2. the effect of housing on behavioural adaptation when moved to pasture. Forty-five continental crossbred heifers were assigned to either housing on slats at 3 m2 head-1for 5 months (H), grazing for 5 months (G) or housing for 4 months, prior to grazing (HG). Lying and eating behaviour was recorded periodically for H, G and for HG post-turnout. Per day, G animals spent longer (p<0.01) eating and had a greater (p<0.001) number of daily lying bouts than H animals. While there were minor differences between G and HG animals in the 24 h period after turnout, there was no difference between G and HG animals in time spent eating, lying or in the number of lying bouts on day 1, 2, 3 or 10 post turnout. While abnormal lying behaviour was observed in 3 animals before turnout, there was no abnormal lying behaviour in HG animals by 48 h post turnout. The alteration in behaviour due to housing was not permanent.
Hospice and palliative care handbook : quality, compliance and reimbursement
Perusterveydenhuolto 2013 = Primärvård 2013 = Primary health care services 2013
Listening to the voices of dementia : the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer's disease sufferers
Partnerships in family care
Kotihoidon laskenta 30.11.2010 = Klientinventering inom hemvården 30.11.2010 = Count of Regular Home-Care Clients on 30 November of 2010
End-of-life ethics and the nursing assistant
Expectations of elderly people on the nurse-client relationship and interaction in home care : "When I see the nurse's smiling face it feels likes sunshine on a rainy and gloomy day"
Influence of pre partum and post partum plane of nutrition on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their progeny
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Beyond the law : crime in complex organizations
The death of faith
The black tower : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
Falls in older people : prevention & management
It' s all about style : Satelliet meubelen 2011-2012
Alcohol use among elderly at home care
Listening to the voices of dementia : the therapist's teaching-learning process through co-construction of narrative and the triadic relationship with Alzheimer’s disease sufferers
Design details for health : making the most of interior design's healing potential
Neuropsychiatric symptoms, psychotropic drug use and physical restraints in older persons : cross-sectional study in home care and residential care
Domestic labour relations in India : Vulnerability and gendered life courses in Jaipur
Transforming palliative care in nursing homes : the social work role
Speaking of life : horizons of meaning for nursing home residents
Establishing a private social service company to support individuals living at home
Falls in older people : prevention and management
Clinical reasoning in three different fields of physiotherapy : a qualitative case study
The latecomer
Away from her
Unloving care : the nursing home tragedy
Home care across Europe : current structure and future challenges
Design for nature in dementia care
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Fever at dawn
When a Child Protection Related Concern Arises : Kindergarten Teachers' Practices
Abstract.
The black tower
Service development plan : Case: Finnish Red Cross Tampere Branch home care service
Nutrition and nutritional care of elderly people in Finnish nursing homes and hospitals
Restraint use in older nursing home residents: nursing staff perceptions and decision-making in Swiss Nursing homes
Simple matters : Living with less and ending up with more
The effect of housing on the diurnal behavioural profile of beef heifers
Unelmasta totta = Dream to reality
Cicely Saunders : the founder of the modern hospice movement
Doctor Sleep : a novel
We used to be kings
Involved parenthood : everyday lives of Swedish middle-class families
Cicely Saunders : founder of the hospice movement : selected letters 1959-1999
Supporting community care of demented patients
Physical properties of synthetic bedding materials for free-stall dairy cow
A neighborhood divided : community resistance to an AIDS care facility
