http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1749 bacteria
bacteria
This study examined the changes in antagonistic activity of selected lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in response to technological factors used in food production. The antimicrobial activity of 12 selected LAB strains was assessed against the bacterial and fungal strains using the agar well diffusion method. Sodium chloride (NaCl) 6.5-8.0%, glucose 20-30% and pH 4.0, pH 8.0 and higher were the most crucial factors in reducing the spectra of the microorganisms antagonized. Heating at 80 °C or 100 °C had a greater negative impact than 63 °C on the antifungal activity of LAB. Freezing at -72 °C eliminated the antifungal activity, or it changed from fungicidal to fungistatic. Although each LAB demonstrated the ability to retain antimicrobial activity induced by various technological factors, Lactococcus lactis 768/5 was superior in retaining high antimicrobial activity against tested indicator strains.
Anaerobic bacteria : selected topics
Abstract.
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Identification tables for certain important bacteria
Structural and interaction studies of bacterial polysaccharides by NMR spectroscopy
Substrate selectivity and molecular adaptation in the outer membrane proteases of Yersinia pestis and Salmonella enterica
In this study the viability of a potentially probiotic Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in the intestinal tract of 22 healthy test subjects was qualitatively assessed in a randomised double blinded cross-over study design lasting 2 x 4 weeks (interventions I and II) with a 4-week washout period. The subjects were given in their diet either spontaneously fermented vegetables (SF) or vegetables fermented by starter bacteria which contained  Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 (P). The numbers of lactic acid bacteria (LAB) in fecal samples were at the level of 10⁵ cfu g⁻¹ in both groups. The presence of Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485 was confirmed by biochemical and molecular methods. We were able to show that Lb. paraplantarum DSM 14485, isolated from spontaneously fermented cucumbers, was viable in the intestine of ten test subjects after taking P-diet when the numbers of LAB were sufficiently high in the product.
Probing the interplay of microbes and medicine in a hospital setting using an individual-based model
Biochemistry of bacterial growth
Streptomyces sporulation : genes and regulators involved in bacterial cell differentiation
Characterization of Campylobacter jejuni strains from different hosts and modelling the survival of C. jejuni in chicken meat and in water
Inhibitory effects of wood extracts on the spoilage flora of marinated poultry meat
Anatomical and cytological comparison of teh development of crown gall in three host species
Bacterial-mediated terrestrial carbon in the foodweb of humic lakes
In vitro synthesis and structural analysis of selected acceptor products of Weissella confusa VTT E-90392 dextransucrase
Bacteria in biology, biotechnology and medicine
Microbial food poisoning
Practical atlas for bacterial identification
Microbial communities in drinking water systems analysed by lipid biomarkers
Counteracting the horizontal spread of bacterial antibiotic resistance with conjugative plasmid-dependent bacteriophages
Microbiologists Brett Finlay and Marie-Claire Arrieta explain how the trillions of microbes that live in and on our bodies influence childhood development; why an imbalance of those microbes can lead to obesity, diabetes, and asthma, among other chronic conditions; and what parents can do -- from conception on -- to positively affect their own behaviors and those of their children. They describe how natural childbirth, breastfeeding, and solid foods influence children’s microbiota. They also offer practical advice on matters such as whether to sterilize food implements for babies, the use of antibiotics, the safety of vaccines, and why having pets is a good idea.
Applicability of fructophilic lactic acid bacteria in food industry
Dairy bacteriology
Preliminary studies on using LAB strains isolated from spontaneous sauerkraut fermentation in combination with mineral salt, herbs and spices in sauerkraut and sauerkraut juice fermentations
Actinomycetales : characteristics and practical importance
On starvation and chemotactic responses by a marine Vibrio sp. S14
Small things matter : of phages and antibiotic resistance conferring plasmids
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Inducible mutagenesis and biofilm formation in Streptococcus uberis
Growth, function and regulation in bacterial cells
Aromatic sensing and intra-molecular signalling by the transcriptional regulator DmpR
The prokaryotes : an evolving electronic resource for the microbial community
Infectious Diseases in Finland 2014
Respiration and phosphorylation of bacteria
Bacteria colonizing paper machines
Changes in antagonistic activity of lactic acid bacteria induced by their response to technological factors
Aerobic sporeforming bacteria
Natural and artificial antisense RNA : a study of inhibition of gene expression
Comparative study of commercial master mixes in bacterial quantification
Optimization of 2,3-butanediol production in a bioreactor by Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
Bacterial food poisoning
Salmonella : detection in foods, faeces and materials from primary animal production using MSRV
The bacteriology of enterobacteriaceae : collected studies of the author and his co-workers
DGGE analysis of probiotic-induced alteration in the canine faecal lactic acid bacteria microbiota
Physiology of the bacterial cell : a molecular appproach
Bacterioplankton production and biomass in two lakes of different trophic status : responses to inorganic nutrients, organic carbon, and other planktonic biota
Sanitation and disease : health aspectsof excreta and wastewater management
Revised taxonomy of the family Rhizobiaceae, and phylogeny of mesorhizobia nodulating Glycyrrhiza spp
Molecular characterization of sediment bacterial communities affected by fish farming
Adhesion, presence and antifouling of Deinococcus geothermalis in paper machine environment
Bacterial growth and division : biochemistry and regulation of prokaryotic and eukaryotic division cycles
Improvements in the Assessment of Bacterial Viability and Killing
Recent advances in silage microbiology
Mechanistic studies of the flavoenzyme mercuric reductase
Exploring phage-bacterium interactions : new ways to combat a fish pathogen
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Molecular typing and source attribution of Finnish Campylobacter jejuni isolates
Monoclonal antibodies against bacteria. Vol. 1
Bacteria, plasmids, and phages : an introduction to molecular biology
Antibacterial activity of different organic honeys against food pathogenic bacterium Clostridium perfringens
Microlife
Abstract: FINRES-Vet 2001-2005: Finnish veterinary antimicrobial resistance monitoring and  consumption of antimicrobial agents.
Attachment mechanisms and properties of bacterial biofilms on non-living surfaces
Polyphasic taxonomic studies of lactic acid bacteria associated with non-fermented meats
Regulation and characterization of the virulence determinants of the plant pathogen Erwinia carotovora subsp. carotovora
The bacterial chromosome
Effects of two AM fungi on phytoplasma infection in the model plant Chrysanthemum carinatum
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Flavobacterium columnare in Finnish fish farming : characterisation and putative disease management strategies
March of the microbes : sighting the unseen
Lactic acid bacteria : microbiological and functional aspects
Biochemistry of some foodborne microbial toxins : papers presented at the Symposium on Microbial Toxins held at the meeting of the American Chemical Society, New York, September 12, 1966
Improved enrichment cultivation of selected food-contaminating bacteria
Identification of enterobacteriaceae
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
The use of mineral salt, herbs and spices in combination with isolated lactic acid bacteria strains in sauerkraut fermentation was studied. Mineral salt differs from ordinary salt because NaCl is partially replaced by KCl. The mineral salt contains 28% KCl and 57% NaCl. The final NaCl content in the sliced white cabbage mixture was 0.5%. In approximately 20 hours the pH dropped to the desired level. All the pressed sauerkraut juices had a good microbiological quality. The sensory quality of all pressed juices was found to be either good or acceptable.
Abstract: Real-time PCR-method for detection of pathogenic Vibrio-bacteria in foodstuffs - This thesis project was made for Finnish customs laboratory, to develop a Real time PCR-method for detection of pathogenic Vibrio-bacteria in foodstuffs. Vibrios are gram-negative straight or rigidly curved rod-bacteria. They are motile, most having a single polar flagel-lum. Most produce oxidase and catalase and ferment glucose without producing gas. Of the known species, Vibrio.cholerae,Vibrio.parahemolyticus and Vibrio.vulnificus are well-reported human pathogens  FDA: s Gel-based PCR-method was used as a foundation for the project. The developed method was a real-time PCR method and changes were required to primers and probes in relation to the gel-based method. The advantage of the new method in comparison to the basic vase methods is its increased speed and accuracy. Matrices used in testing the method were fish, plant and meat.  For the purpose of this project, the pathogenic strains Vibrio cholerae, Vibrio parahemolyt-icus and Vibrio vulnificus were chosen, but the method also covers Vibrio mimicus due to its similarity with Vibrio cholerae. The project was divided in the following sections: En-richment, DNA isolation, primer and probe selection, PCR run and program optimization.
Advanced hygiene for meat processing : course workbook
Genetic engineering and structural studies of Escherichia coli inorganic pyrophosphatase
Hospital water supply as a source of nosocomial infections
Marine myxobacteria as a source of antibiotics
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci : host response and bacterial factors
Theory and practice in experimental bacteriology
Salmonellae and shigellae
Epidemiological characterisation of Bordatella pertussis in Sweden, 1970-2004
Optimization and characterization of the static biofilm method for antibiofilm studies
Bacteria : K.A. Bisset
Antimicrobial Resistance in Finland : Finres 2012
Impact of biotic and abiotic factors on bacterial virulence
The growing popularity of horse keeping is accompanied by an increase of phosphorus (P) and faecal micro-organisms from outdoor paddocks. We used an indoor rainfall simulation to monitor  concentrations of dissolved reactive P (DRP) and faecal coliforms in runoff and percolation water from different paddock footings. Drainage water was also monitored from two paddocks constructed of woodchips. Sand retained more DRP (p<0.0001) and coliforms from percolation water than woodchips. Some of the footings were amended with P-sorbing materials, such as [Ca(OH)2], [Fe2(SO4)3], or Fe-gypsum, to retain DRP. High DRP concentrations (17-18 mg l-1) were observed in runoff from a woodchip footing amended earlier with Ca(OH)2 and in sand footing amended with CaCO3. However, application of Fe-gypsum to woodchips decreased the DRP load in percolation water by 83% compared to the footing without Fe-gypsum. Fe compounds were better than Ca compounds. The decrease in coliforms was usually small due to the modest pH changes in the water.
Nasopharyngeal colonization by pathogenic bacteria : effect of polymorphisms in innate immune genes of young children
Introduction to bacteria and their ecobiology
Genetics of bacteria
Characterisation of antibiotic-resistant psychrotrophic bacteria in raw milk
The identification of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Pseudomonas aeruginosa : ecological aspects and patient colonization
Unraveling the pleomorphic forms of Borrelia burgdorferi
Bacterial adherence
Studies in staphylococci and staphylococcal immunity
The effect of structure on the dilute solution properties of branched polysaccharides studied with SEC and AsFlFFF
Use of inoculated lactic acid bacteria in fermenting sour cabbage
Gene expression and protein function in Bacillus : determination of plasmid and messenger RNA copy numbers and site-directed mutagenesis of a bacillar exoenzyme
The enterococci : pathogenesis, molecular biology, and antibiotic resistance
Microbiota of an unpasteurised cellar-stored goat cheese from northern Sweden
Microbes in action : a laboratory manual of microbiology
Dynamics of dissolved organic matter and its bioavailability to heterotrophic bacteria in the Gulf of Finland, Northern Baltic Sea
Effect of lactic acid bacteria inoculants, formic acid, potassium sorbate and sodium benzoate on fermentation quality and aerobic stability of wilted grass silage
"Updated with the substantial progress made in lactic acid and bacteria research since the third edition, this fourth volume discusses improved insights in genetics and new molecular biological techniques. Thoroughly reorganized, this book incorporates the recent changes in new molecular techniques and the mechanistic understanding of probiotic functionality. The book remains firmly grounded in the basics of lactic acid bacteria; their genetics and taxonomy, their application in food and feed preparation, their health properties, and the legal issues associated with their use"--Provided by publisher.
Ultrastructural changes of Fusobacterium nucleatum as a defense mechanism against human neutrophil peptide-1 : a transmission electron microscopy (TEM) study
Phytoplasmas are plant pathogenic bacteria, naturally transmitted by insects and confined in the phloem of the host plant, where they take up nutrients and eventually cause plant death. Their control is mainly based on insecticide treatments. The aim of this work was to study the effect of two AM fungi in modifying plant response to chrysanthemum yellows phytoplasma (CY) infection in chrysanthemum plants. Inoculation of Glomus intraradices BB-E and G. mosseae BEG12 reduced the damage caused by this plant pathogen in the aerial part of the plant, increased plant tolerance to the infection and reduced the severity of symptom expression, probably in a systemic way. Inoculation with G. mosseae did not alter CY multiplication and viability in young leaves, whilst the morphology of CY mature leaves was typical of senescent cells. Possible mechanisms involved are discussed.
Let them eat dirt : saving your child from an oversanitized world
Antimicrobial resistance in Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli
Indoor air contaminants in office buildings
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 1, Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs and diagnosis
Pathogenesis and host response in Helicobacter pylori infections : arising from the Second European Meeting on Pathogenesis and Host Response in Helicobacter pylori Infections, Galway, Ireland
Studies on the Aeromonas group
Structure and macromolecular properties of Weissella confusa and Leuconostoc citreum dextrans with a potential application in sourdough
Utilization of terrestrially derived dissolved organic nitrogen by aquatic bacteria
Viability of Lactobacillus paraplantarum DSM 14485 in human gastrointestinal tract and its molecular and biochemical identification after fermented vegetable consumption
Mechanisms of fimbrial assembly via non-classical chaperone-usher pathways and receptor recognition by fimbral adhesins
Micro-organisms (bacteria and fungi) in buildings
Bacterial metastasis : interaction of invasive pathogens with the extracellular matrix and plasminogen
Virulence properties of Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans biofilm and characterisation of its putative cytokine exploitation
Microbial quality of linseed and fibre hemp plants during growing and harvest seasons
Experimental Improvement Capabilities in Methane Degradation Biotechnologies
Exploring evolutionary responses to increasing temperature in an environmental opportunistic pathogen
Bacterial nitrogen fixation in boreal mosses
The microbial world
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
On the regulation of aminoacyl-sRNA synthetase formation during the growth of Streptococcus thermophilus : by Jukka Heinonen
Interplay of virulence factors in complement resistance of Streptococcus pneumoniae
Isolation and identification of rainbow trout spoiling microbiota
Examination of foods for enteropathogenic and indicator bacteria : review of methodology and manual of selected procedures
Novel detection method for pathogenic Legionella in water systems
Stress-induced transposition of Tn4652 in Pseudomonas putida
Ecology of host-parasite relationships in boreal Europe : voles, food and infectious diseases
Handbook of Listeria monocytogenes
Natural genetic transformation in Streptococcus pneumoniae : gene regulation and competence induced cell lysis
Microbial communities in sea ice
Mechanisms of fimbrial assembly via non-classical chaperone-usher pathways and receptor recognition by fimbrial adhesins
Effects of proatherogenic and probiotic bacteria on mast cells and inflammation
Microbiological quality of foods : proceedings of a conference held at Franconia, New Hampshire, August 27-29, 1962
A survey of microorganisms from the spruce beetle in central British Columbia
Todar's online textbook of bacteriology
An extension of the host range of phage lambda : Salmonella typhimurium as a model
Thieves, deceivers and killers : tales of chemistry in nature
Phototrophic green sulphur bacteria in small stratified lakes with varying humic matter concentrations
Contaminant aerobic sporeforming bacteria in the manufacturing processes of food packaging board and food
Molecular approaches to food safety : issues involving toxic microorganisms
Novel carbon coatings and surface texturing for improving biological response of orthopedic implant materials
A short course in bacterial genetics : a laboratory manual and handbook for Escherichia coli and related bacteria
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Surface components of Streptococcus lactis subsp. cremoris from viili
Functional and molecular characterization of the GafD fimbrial lectin of Escherichia coli
Ecology of pathogenic bacteria : molecular and evolutionary aspects
Ecology and genomics of Dickeya solani, a new soft rot bacterium infecting potatoes
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
This qualitative study reports on lactic acid bacteria (LAB), yeasts and moulds isolated from three artisanal Swedish cellar-stored goat cheeses aged for 1, 3 and 5 months. Starter culture LAB dominated in the younger cheeses, and Leuconostoc pseudomesenteroides, common in raw goats' milk, had persisted from the unpasteurised milk into all the cheeses. Non-starter LAB dominated in the 5 month cheese, in particular, Lactobacillus sakei, a meat-associated LAB not previously isolated from cheese. Debaryomyces hansenii, and Penicillium and Mucor species were dominant among the yeasts and moulds, respectively. The cheese rind was not formed primarily from Penicillium species as in traditional cheeses such as Camembert - rather, mycelium from Mucor mucedo contributed to rind formation. Mould species known to produce sterigmatocystin, aflatoxins or ochratoxin A in cheese were not isolated in this study; growth of mycotoxigenic Aspergilli may have been inhibited by the cool conditions in the earth-cellar (4-6 °C).
Silage contains a number of potential hazards to the safety and quality of milk and dairy products. This paper reviews the present knowledge about silage as a source of (1) spores of anaerobic spore-formers (Clostridium species) and aerobic spore-formers (mainly Bacillus and Paenibacillus species), (2) the zoonotic pathogenic bacteria Listeria monocytogenes and Escherichia coli, and (3) mycotoxins. A distinction is made between field-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed during growth of crops in the field, and ensilage-derived mycotoxins, i.e. mycotoxins that are formed after ensiling. The routes of transmission of these hazards from feed to milk, the effect of pasteurization of milk, and reduction strategies are discussed. Aerobic deterioration of silages is a major factor influencing levels of spores of both aerobic and anaerobic spore-formers, L. monocytogenes, and certain mycotoxins.
Manual of basic techniques for a health laboratory
Responses of zooplankton to cane sugar additions to a small humic lake, Alinen Mustajärvi
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Handbook of bacterial adhesion : principles, methods and applications
Archaea, Bacteria, and methane production along environmental gradients in fens and bogs
Vehicles, replicators, and intercellular movement of genetic information: evolutionary dissection of a bacterial cell.
Replication of plasmid R1 : growth rate control and effect on the bacterical cell cycle
DPS-like peroxide resistance protein : structural and functional studies on a versatile nanocontainer
Plant-associated bacteria
A proteomic view of probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG
Micro-organisms
Canavanine death in Escharichia coli
Synthesis of antigenic oligosaccharides from the human patogenic bacteria : Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae and Vibrio cholerae
Silage and the safety and quality of dairy foods : a review
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Quantification of Frankia strains and other root-associated bacteria in pure cultures and in the rhizosphere of axenic seedlings by high-performance liquid chromatography-based muramic acid assay
Genetic and environmental factors associated with the virulence of fish pathogen Flavobacterium columnare
Abstract: Testing of probiotic properties of four Lactobacillus amylovorus  strains. In this study the aim was to find out if four Lactobacillus amylovorus strains from porcine intestine have probiotic properties. The adhesion properties of lactobacilli to porcine gastrointestinal tract mucins and the potency to inhibit adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli were tested. Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli can cause post-weaning diarrhea in piglets. The disease can lead to reduced growth rate in the piglets and even to death which causes economic losses in pig production farms.    The adhesion of the lactobacilli on porcine intestinal mucus was tested with both commercial mucins from porcine stomach and with mucus isolated from the porcine intestine. Lactobacilli were labeled by fluorochrome SYTO9 and the fluorescence of the adhered lactobacilli was measured. The inhibitory effects of the lactobacilli on the adhesion of Escherichia coli to a porcine intestinal epithelial cell line (IPEC-1) were determined by measuring the amount of adhering Escherichia coli after the incubation with lactobacilli. Four different procedures were used in which when the lactobacilli were added before, after or at the same time with the Escherichia coli. Each procedure was repeated at least three times. Escherichia coli was labeled by tritiated thymidine and the radioactivity of the samples was measured by liquid scintillation.    The Lactobacillus strains did adhere to all three types of mucins, but repeated tests gave different results. The strains adhered better to commercial mucins from porcine stomach than to the mucus isolated from porcine intestine. One of the four Lactobacillus strains did inhibit the adhesion of enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli but its inhibitory effect was weak. The rest of the Lactobacillus strains did not inhibit the adhesion of the pathogen.
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Gene expression and growth requirements of Clavibacter xyli subspecies cynodontis
The crystal structure of Escherichia coli soluble inorganic pyrophosphatase
Antibacterial properties of Croton species
Summary.
ClpB/HSP100 proteins in the cyanobacterium Synechococcus : insights into regulation and function or some like it hot!
Recent advances in silage microbiology are reviewed. Most new techniques in silage microbiology use the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) to make copies of a portion of the DNA in microorganisms. These techniques allow us to identify and quantify species as well as do community analysis. The PCR-based techniques are uncovering new species, both bacteria and fungi, during storage and feeding. Silage inoculants are widely available, but of greater interest has been research investigating why inoculants are so successful. Various inoculant strains have been found to produce bacteriocins and other compounds that inhibit other bacteria and fungi, improving their chances for success. In vitro ruminal fermentation research is showing that some inoculated silages affect rumen microorganisms, reducing methane in some cases and increasing microbial biomass production in others. Better understanding of silage microbiology will allow us to better manage silos and develop better inoculants to improve silage quality.
Abstract. - Sammanfattning.
Bacteriological analytical manual : supplement September 1987.
Contamination routes and control of Listeria monocytogenes in food production
Sourcebook of bacterial protein toxins
Gastrointestinal Health Symposium : proceedings from a Pre-Congress Symposium, World Congress 1997, Annual Congress of WSAVA, FECAVA, & BSAVA, Birmingham, UK 2 April 1997
Seasonality of bacterioplankton in subarctic ponds above and below treeline
Contribution of modern biotechnology of lactic acid bacteria to development of health-promoting foods
Proteolytic system of Lactobacillus : molecular genetic and biochemical characterization of four Lactobacillus helveticus peptidases
Molecular genetics of bacteria
Transmission and host and mate location in the fish louse Argulus coregoni and its link with bacterial disease in fish
Foodborne disease handbook 1: bacterial pathogens. Volume 1, Bacterial pathogens
Phosphorus and faecal bacteria in runoff from horse paddocks and their mitigation by the addition of P-sorbing materials
The pathogenic anaerobic bacteria
Structural studies on pyruvate formate lyase
Food, bacteria and health : a practical guide
Factors affecting secretion and surface display of heterologous proteins in Lactococcus lactis
Synthesis of neoglycoconjugates and oligosaccharides with potential anti-Helicobacter pylori activity
Two-year cycle spruce beetle (Dendroctonus rufipennis [Kirby]) adults were collected from emergence traps installed on two types of hosts (stumps and windfalls) in two adjacent timber harvesting areas in central British Columbia over a 5-year period to determine the incidence of associated fungi, bacteria, yeasts, nematodes, and mites. There was no difference in either the mean size or the female ratio of spruce beetles between host types or areas. Yeasts and bacteria were the most common associates of the spruce beetle and were isolated from the majority of beetles, regardless of host type. Pesotum sp. A, a blue-stain fungus, was the most common filamentous species and was isolated from 63% of the 221 beetles sampled. This fungus appears to be closely associated with the spruce beetle regardless of host type. At least 25 taxa of other filamentous fungi (OFF) were also isolated from beetles. Most of the OFF were common, wind-dispersed species, prevalent in the environment, e.g., Penicillium and Cladosporium spp., and are likely only incidental associates of the spruce beetle. The OFF were more likely to be isolated from beetles emerging from windfalls than from stumps. This may have been due to higher moisture in windfalls, which promoted the growth of some OFF. The incidence of mites and nematodes associated with the spruce beetle was relatively low; however, only those observed on the exoskeleton were recorded. The association of microorganisms with the spruce beetle did not vary between the two timber harvesting areas sampled in this study. Despite differences in the two types of host material, the spruce beetle is able to maintain a consistent association with yeasts, bacteria, and Pesotum sp. A.
Moonlighting proteins of lactobacillus crispatus : extracellular localization, cell wall anchoring and interactions with the host
Studies on human yersiniosis in Finland
Pulsed-Field Gel Electrophoresis Typing of Listeria monocytogenes isolated in two fish farms
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
An introduction to bacterial physiology
From genotype to phenotype : diversity and population structure of Flavobacterium psychrophilum
Antiadhesive molecules in milk and berries against respiratory pathogens
Improving bioluminescent bacterial sensor systems
