http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17463 general synods
general synods church assemblies
Continuing the journey : celebrating 40 years of Vatican II
The Oecumenical Councils of the Roman Catholic Church : from Trent to Vatican II (1545-1965)
A brief history of Vatican II
Christ's New Homeland - Africa : contribution to the Synod on the Family by African pastors
Voting about God in early church councils
Theology of revelation including a commentary on the constitution "Dei verbum" of Vatican II
The Council of Constantinople of 553 (often called Constantinople II or the Fifth Ecumenical Council) has been described as 'by far the most problematic of all the councils', because it condemned two of the greatest biblical scholars and commentators of the patristic era - Origen and Theodore of Mopsuestia - and because the pope of the day, Vigilius, first condemned the council and then confirmed its decisions only under duress. The present edition makes accessible to the modern reader the acts of the council, session by session, and the most important related documents, particularly those that reveal the shifting stance of Pope Vigilius, veering between heroic resistance and abject compliance. The accompanying commentary and substantial introduction provide a background narrative of developments since Chalcedon, a full analysis of the policy of the emperor Justinian (who summoned and dominated the council) and of the issues in the debate, and information on the complex history of both the text and the council's reception. The editor argues that the work of the council deserves a more sympathetic evaluation that it has generally received in western Christendom, since it arguably clarified rather than distorted the message of Chalcedon and influenced the whole subsequent tradition of eastern Orthodoxy. In interpreting Chalcedon the conciliar acts provide a fascinating example of how a society - in this case the imperial Church of Byzantium - determines its identity by how it understands its past.
Comprised mainly of a collection of articles, this title looks at one of the most controversial and revolutionary chapters in the history of the Catholic Church.
Retrieving Nicaea : the development and meaning of Trinitarian doctrine
Nicolas de Clamanges : spirituality, personal reform, and pastoral renewal on the eve of the reformations
Liturgy in a postmodern world
John Henry Newman is often described as 'the Father of the Second Vatican Council'. He anticipated most of the Council's major documents, as well as being an inspiration to the theologians who were behind them. His writings offer an illuminating commentary both on the teachings of the Council and the way these have been implemented and interpreted in the post-conciliar period. This book is the first sustained attempt to consider what Newman's reaction to Vatican II would have been. As a theologian who on his own admission fought throughout his life against theological liberalism, yet who pioneered many of the themes of the Council in his own day, Newman is best described as a conservative radical who cannot be classed simply as either a conservative or liberal Catholic. At the time of the First Vatican Council, Newman adumbrated in his private letters a mini-theology of Councils, which casts much light on Vatican II and its aftermath. The leading Newman scholar, Ian Ker, argues that Newman would have greatly welcomed the reforms of the Council, but would have seen them in the light of his theory of doctrinal development, insisting that they must certainly be understood as changes but changes in continuity rather than discontinuity with the Church's tradition and past teachings. He would therefore have endorsed the so-called 'hermeneutic of reform in continuity' in regard to Vatican II, a hermeneutic first formulated by Pope Benedict XVI and subsequently confirmed by his successor, Pope Francis, and rejected both 'progressive' and ultra-conservative interpretations of the Council as a revolutionary event. Newman believed that what Councils fail to speak of is of great importance, and so a final chapter considers the kind of evangelization-a topic notably absent from the documents of Vatican II- Newman thought appropriate in the face of secularization.
The church in council : conciliar movements, religious practice and the Papacy from Nicaea to Vatican II
The ecumenical councils in the life of the church
Sylvester Syropoulos on politics and culture in the fifteenth-century Mediterranean : themes and problems in the Memoirs, section IV
Vatican diary
The ecumenical councils
Vatican II : forty personal stories
The Second Vatican Ecumenical Council : a counterpoint for the history of the council
The Gnomai of the Council of Nicaea (CC 0021) : critical text with translation, introduction and commentary
The Maronites in history
The constitution on the sacred liturgy of the second Vatican Council and the motu proprio of Pope Paul VI
101 questions and answers on Vatican II
Conciliarism : a history of decision-making in the church
Canonical development through dialogue : marriage and divorce in the pre-conciliar period and in the All-Russian Church Council of 1917-1918
Uppsala to Nairobi, 1968-1975 : Report of the Central Committee to the 5th Assembly of the World Council of Churches
Philip the Fair and the ecclesiastical assemblies of 1294-1295
Towards the holy and great synod of the Orthodox Church : the decisions of the Pan-Orthodox meetings since 1923 until 2009
The Council and reunion
Early Christian doctrines
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 2
Lev Krevza's A defense of church unity and Zaxarija Kopystens'kyj's Palinodia. Part 1, Texts
Foundations of the conciliar theory : the contribution of the medieval canonist from Gratian to the great Schism
Vatican II : a forgotten future?
Vatican II and its legacy
A challenging reform : realizing the vision of the liturgical renewal, 1963-1975
Reform and renewal in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance : studies in honor of Louis Pascoe
Canon law and Episcopal authority : the canons of Antioch and Serdica
What happened at Vatican II
The legacy of Vatican II
De ecclesia : the constitution on the Church of Vatican Council II : proclaimed by Pope Paul VI November 21, 1964
Establishing boundaries : Christian-Jewish relations in early council texts and the writings of Church Fathers
The rites of the Catholic Church as revised by decree of the Second Vatican Ecumenical Council and published by authority of Pope Paul VI
Unfinished journey : the church 40 years after Vatican II : essays for John Wilkins
The mode of theological decision making at the early ecumenical councils : an inquiry into the function of Scripture and tradition at the Councils of Nicaea and Ephesus
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 1
Khaled Anatolios offers a historically informed theological study of the development of the doctrine of the Trinity, showing its relevance to Christian life and thought today. --from publisher description
Conciliation and confession : the struggle for unity in the Age of Reform, 1415-1648
Newman on Vatican II
The General Councils of Latin Christendom : from Constantinople IV to Pavia-Siena (869-1424)
Observing Vatican II : the confidential reports of the Archbishop of Canterbury's representative, Bernard Pawley, 1961-1964
The general councils : a history of the twenty-one church councils from Nicaea to Vatican II
Suomen evankelis-luterilaisen kirkon kirkolliskokous = Kyrkomötet i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland = The General Synod of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland : 1974-2011
Ancient councils have been of utmost importance for the development of ecclesiastical structures and institutions. In order to facilitate their study, the Clauis conciliorum occidentalium contains the vaste number of Western synodal documents belonging to the first seven centuries in the form of an index : each council has been listed with an entry of its own which comprises the most important scholarly literature, the history of the tradition of its records including a short summary or synopsis of their contents as well as ancient and modern translations. In addition, there are also listed those councils whose records are lost. In this case, the sources are presented from which the gathering of a synod can be concluded. Whenever possible, the issues discussed by the bishops are outlined.
Art and faith in tridentine Spain (1545-1690)
The documents of Vatican II
Councils of the Catholic Reformation : Pisa I (1409) to Trent (1545-63)
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume 1, Historical and theological perspectives
During four years in session, Vatican Council II held television audiences rapt with its elegant, magnificently choreographed public ceremonies, while its debates generated front-page news on a near-weekly basis. By virtually any assessment, it was the most important religious event of the twentieth century, with repercussions that reached far beyond the Catholic church. Remarkably enough, this is the first book, solidly based on official documentation, to give a brief, readable account of the council from the moment Pope John XXIII announced it on January 25, 1959, until its conclusion on December 8, 1965; and to locate the issues that emerge in this narrative in their contexts, large and small, historical and theological, thereby providing keys for grasping what the council hoped to accomplish."What Happened at Vatican II" captures the drama of the council, depicting the colorful characters involved and their clashes with one another. The book also offers a new set of interpretive categories for understanding the council's dynamics - categories that move beyond the tired "progressive" and "conservative" labels. As we approach the fiftieth anniversary of the calling of the council, this work reveals in a new way the spirit of Vatican II. A reliable, even-handed introduction to the council, the book is a critical resource for understanding the Catholic church today, including the pontificate of Benedict XVI.
The ecumenical councils of the Catholic Church : a history
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 2
The volume celebrates and studies the legacy of the Second Vatican Council by offering the contributions of twelve international outstanding scholars. The first part studies the contributions of four Jesuit theologians at Vatican II: Card. Augustin Bea, in the biblical field and ecumenical dialogue (by Jared Wicks SJ); Henri de Lubac, in framing the relationship between the world and the Church (by Susan Wood); Otto Semmelroth, in ecclesiology (by Dennis Doyle); and John Courtney Murray, on religious freedom (by David Hollenbach, SJ). Part two reflects on the Council's key themes by focusing on continuity and change, and in particular: a theological appraisal of Vatican II (by Christoph Theobald, SJ); the relationship between theologians and Bishops at Vatican II (by John O'Malley, SJ); a hermeneutical approach of the Council (by Peter Huenermann); and the issue of contraception at the Council (by Leslie Woodcock Tentler). Part three examines the Council's engagements with the social and the public by studying: (by Richard R. Gaillardetz); liturgical reform and the public role of the Catholic Church (by John F. Baldovin, SJ); the changes in moral theology and public Catholicism since Vatican II (by Lisa Sowle Cahill); the new Catholic communities promoting grassroots democracy (by Bradford E. Hinze).
A handbook of churches and councils : profiles of ecumenical relationships
Jan Hus : religious reform and social revolution in Bohemia
The reforms of the council of Constance (1414-1418)
Anglo-Saxon church councils c. 650-c. 850
The General Councils of Latin Christendom : from Basel to Lateran V (1431-1517)
Primacy in the church : the office of primate and the authority of councils. Volume two, Contemporary and contextual perspectives
This is a collective work, consisting of about thirty papers focusing on the history of Late Antique and Medieval manuscript transmission of Iberian patristic texts. It opens up a new series entitled Traditio Patrum, focused on the textual transmission of the Early Church Fathers in the Western medieval world. The TraPat series will follow a planned subdivision by geographical area, except for the volume dedicated to the Latin Ante-Nicene Fathers (and those devoted to Latin translations of the Greek Fathers) which will follow a chronological order. The classification system will conform to the Clavis Patrum Latinorum and the Clavis Patrum Graecorum. The goal of this editorial project is twofold: on the one hand to investigate the textual transmission of single authors and works, highlighting specific features and the many aspects that still need further investigation; on the other hand, to make it possible to verify if the textual transmission of Latin patristic texts may obey still identifiable constants, and which they can be (e.g. the literary genre, the personality of the author, a specific historical moment, a field of theological thought etc). In this respect, the geographical area of origin could be an interesting constant to be verified. For the volume dedicated to the Iberian Fathers, it seems to be possible to pinpoint some characteristic features, most notably the tendency to pseudoepigraphy and pseudo-attribution by the manuscript tradition. Each of these features creates a framework for further methodological reflections.
Why I am a Catholic
Christianity and the religions : from confrontation to dialogue
English abstract : Women and women's words in discussions about the ordination of women in the General Synod between 1974 and 1987.
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 4
Marriage today : a commentary on the code of canon law ; in the light of Vatican II and the ecumenical age
Unity, heresy and reform, 1378-1460 : the conciliar response to the great schism
Lumen Gentium, Vatican II's Dogmatic Constitution on the Church, changed how the church thinks about the laity, holiness, baptism, and even the nature and purpose of the church itself. In A Council That Will Never End, the highly regarded ecclesiologist Paul Lakeland marks the fiftieth anniversary of this document's promulgation by taking up three major themes of the constitution, analyzing the text, and identifying some of the questions with which it leaves us. These themes are the role of the bishop in the church and the ways Lumen Gentium's teaching relates to various tensions in today's church, the laity and in particular the mixed blessing of describing them in the category of "secularity", and the relationships between the church and the people of God and what they tell us about the ways in which all people are offered salvation. Lakeland is convinced that Lumen Gentium leaves much unfinished business (as any historical document must), that attending to it will take us beyond much of the now sterile ecclesial divisions, and that the ecclesiology of humility it implies marks the way that theology must guide the church in the years ahead.
His broken body : understanding and healing the schism between the Roman Catholic and Eastern orthodox churches (an orthodox perspective)
A privileged moment : dialogue in the language of the Second Vatican Council 1962-1965
Traditio Patrum. I, Scriptores Hispaniae
Vatican II : renewal within tradition
Conciliarism and church law in the fifteenth century : studies on Franciscus Zabarella and the Council of Constance
The Catholic doctrine of non-Christian religions according to the Second Vatican Council
Towards the Great Council : introductory reports of the Interorthodox Commission in preparation for the next Great and Holy Council of the Orthodox Church
The case against Diodore and Theodore : texts and their contexts
"Conciliarism is one of the oldest and most essential means of decision-making in the history of the Christian Church. Indeed, as a leading Orthodox theologian Alexander Schmemann states, 'Before we understand the place and the function of the council in the Church, we must, therefore, see the Church herself as a council.' Paul Valliere tells the story of councils and conciliar decision-making in the Christian Church from earliest times to the present. Drawing extensively upon the scholarship on conciliarism which has appeared in the last half-century, Valliere brings a broad ecumenical perspective to the study and shows how the conciliar tradition of the Christian past can serve as a resource for resolving conflicts in the Church today. The book presents a conciliarism which involves historical legacy, but which leads us forward, not backward, and which keeps the Church's collective eyes on the prize - the eschatological kingdom of God"--
Great heresies and church councils
Vatican II
The acts of the Council of Constantinople of 553 : with related texts on the Three Chapters Controversy
Vatican II : fifty personal stories
The Church in the purpose of God : an introduction to the work of the Commission on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches, in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held at Lund, Sweden in 1952
The council, reform, and reunion
Letters from Vatican City : Vatican Council II (first session) : background and debates
Severus of Antioch
A council that will never end : Lumen gentium and the church today
Vatican II : a sociological analysis of religious change
The Stockholm Conference 1925 : the official report of the Universal Christian Conference on Life and Work held in Stockholm, 19-30 August, 1925
Human language and knowledge in the light of Chalcedon
Trent and all that : renaming Catholicism in the early modern era
Catechism of the Council of Trent for parish priests
From Trent to Vatican II : historical and theological investigations
Authority and performance : sociological perspectives on the Council of Chalcedon (AD 451)
The Acts of the Council of Constantinople of 553 : with related texts on the Three Chapters Controversy
Councils and clerical culture in the Medieval West
Beyond the Reformation? : authority, primacy and unity in the conciliar tradition
The lay folks' cathechism, or the English and Latin version of Archibishop Thoresby's instruction for the people ; together with a Wycliffe adaptation of the same, and coresponding canons of the Council of Lambeth
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 1
Lev Krevza's A defense of church unity and Zaxarija Kopystens'kyj's Palinodia. Part 2, Sources
Aggiornamento? : Catholicism from Gregory XVI to Benedict XVI
The volume in two tomes contains texts which define the creation of an independent Church during the Middle Ages. In it are the decrees of two Councils of Constantinople (869-870 and 879-880) and the general Councils of the medieval west starting from the First Lateran Council (1123) to the Fifth Lateran Council (1517), including the Councils of Pisa (1409), Pavia-Siena (1423) and Basel after the transferral to Ferrara.
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 3
Decrees of the ecumenical councils
Vatican II : did anything happen?
"[E]xtracts from the writings of Diodore and Theodore as cited by their opponents and supporters, in their historical order, from the death of Theodore to his condemnation at the Council of Constantinople in 553" --Pg. [vii]-viii. This is a landmark work, providing the first complete collection of the remaining excerpts from the writings of Diodore of Tarsus and Theodore of Mopsuestia together with a ground-breaking study of the controversy regarding the person of Christ that raged from the fourth to the sixth century, and which still divides the Christian Church. Destroyed after their condemnation, all that remains of the dogmatic writings of Diodore and Theodore are the passages quoted by their supporters and opponents. John Behr brings together all these excerpts, from the time of Theodore's death until his condemnation at the Second Council of Constantinople (553) - including newly-edited Syriac texts (from florilegium in Cod. Add. 12156, and the fragmentary remains of Theodore's On the Incarnation in Cod. Add. 14669) and many translated for the first time - and examines their interrelationship, to determine who was borrowing from whom, locating the source of the polemic with Cyril of Alexandria. On the basis of this textual work, Behr presents a historical and theological analysis that completely revises the picture of these 'Antiochenes' and the controversy regarding them. Twentieth-century scholarship often found these two 'Antiochenes' sympathetic characters for their aversion to allegory and their concern for the 'historical Jesus', and regarded their condemnation as an unfortunate incident motivated by desire for retaliation amidst 'Neo-Chalcedonian' advances in Christology. This study shows how, grounded in the ecclesial and theological strife that had already beset Antioch for over a century, Diodore and Theodore, in opposition to Julian the Apostate and Apollinarius, were led to separate the New Testament from the Old and 'the man' from the Word of God, resulting in a very limited understanding of Incarnation and circumscribing the importance of the Passion. The result is a comprehensive and cogent account of the controversy, both Christological and exegetical together, of the early fifth century, the way it stemmed from earlier tensions and continued through the Councils of Ephesus, Chalcedon, and Constantinople II.
Corpus christianorum. Claves, Subsidia
The Moscow Council (1917-1918) : the creation of the conciliar institutions of the Russian Orthodox Church
Truly divine and truly human : the story of Christ and the seven ecumenical councils
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 5
Architecture in communion : implementing the Second Vatican Council through liturgy and architecture
Vatican II : the battle for meaning
Athanasius : a theological introduction
Photian and Byzantine ecclesiastical studies
Archaeology of Frankish church councils, AD 511-768
