http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17437 hedonism
hedonism
Hotel living : a novel
Hedonic eating : how the pleasure of food affects our brains and behavior
Values and economic theory : the case of hedonism
Rats in the sacristy
The birth of hedonism : the Cyrenaic philosophers and pleasure as a way of life
A hedonist manifesto : the power to exist
Human conduct : an introduction to the problems of ethics
Utilitarian ethics
Happiness : an examination of a hedonistic and a eudaemonistic concept of happiness and of the relations between them, with a consideration of how far and in what sense either kind of happiness may be said to be the goal of human life
Epicurean ethics : katastematic hedonism
The human good
What is this thing called happiness?
Eight theories of ethics
The strange tale of Panorama island
Critical marketing : contemporary issues in marketing
The evaluation of pleasure in Plato's ethics
Sex, drugs & chocolate : the science of pleasure
Utilitarianism, hedonism, and desert : essays in moral philosophy
Principia ethica
Hedonic and utilitarian values affecting the consumer online buying
Broad in scope, Hedonic Eating: How the Pleasure of Food Affects our Brains and Behaviorexplores various behavioral, biological and social rewards of food.
Well-being : the foundations of hedonic psychology
Moral Darwinism : how we became hedonists
Let it come down : with a preface by the author
Urban politics now : re-imagining democracy in the neoliberal city / edited by Bavo ; [texts by Slavoj Zizek...[et al.]]
Socrates, pleasure, and value
The rise of selfishness in America
The Bling Ring
The bling ring
How pleasure works : the new science of why we like what we like
How consumers overcome ambivalence toward hedonic purchases? : a typology of consumer strategies
According to an ancient and still popular view - sometimes known as 'eudaimonism' - a person's well-being, or quality of life, is ultimately determined by his or her level of happiness. According to this view, the happier a person is, the better off he is. The doctrine is controversial in part because the nature of happiness is controversial. In What Is This Thing Called Happiness? Fred Feldman presents a study of the nature and value of happiness. Part One containscritical discussions of the main philosophical and psychological theories of happiness. Feldman presents arguments designed to show that each of these theories is problematic. Part Two contains his presentation and defense of his own theory of happiness, which is a form of attitudinal hedonism. On this view,a person's level of happiness may be identified with the extent to which he or she takes pleasure in things. Feldman shows that if we understand happiness as he proposes, it becomes reasonable to suppose that a person's well-being is determined by his or her level of happiness. This view has important implications not only for moral philosophy, but also for the emerging field of hedonic psychology. Part Three contains discussions of some interactions between the proposed theory of happinessand empirical research into happiness.
The philosophy of the Marquis de Sade
Prudential value : a philosophical examination
The fundamentals of ethics
Self-realization : an outline of ethics
The thought of sex with a virgin is intensely arousing for many men. The average American spends over four hours a day watching television. Abstract art can sell for millions of dollars. Young children enjoy playing with imaginary friends and can be comforted by security blankets. People slow their cars to look at gory accidents, and go to movies that make them cry. In this fascinating and witty account, Paul Bloom examines the science behind these curious desires, attractions, and tastes, covering everything from the animal instincts of sex and food to the uniquely human taste for art, music, and stories. Drawing on insights from child development, philosophy, neuroscience, and behavioral economics, How Pleasure Works shows how certain universal habits of the human mind explain what we like and why we like it.
The corporeality of consumption
Hedonism as the explanation of value
Consuming supplements : paradoxes of modern hedonism
The Bling ring
Trainspotting
Can virtue make us happy? : the art of living and morality
Pleasure and the good life : concerning the nature, varieties and plausibility of hedonism
Reason and sexuality in western thought
The tradition of political hedonism : from Hobbes to J. S. Mill
Reasons and the good
