http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17486 home economics sector
home economics sector
How to improve the operations of domestic service companies through business networking
Organizing women workers in the informal economy : beyond the weapons of the weak
Home economics - raising our visions for the future
"Home economics emerged at the turn of the twentieth century as a movement to train women to be more efficient household managers. At the same moment, American families began to consume many more goods and services than they produced. To guide women in this transition, professional home economists had two major goals: to teach women to assume their new roles as modern consumers and to communicate homemakers' needs to manufacturers and political leaders. Carolyn M. Goldstein charts the development of the profession from its origins as an educational movement to its identity as a source of consumer expertise in the interwar period to its virtual disappearance by the 1970s. Working for both business and government, home economists walked a fine line between educating and representing consumers while they shaped cultural expectations about consumer goods as well as the goods themselves. Goldstein looks beyond 1970s feminist scholarship that dismissed home economics for its emphasis on domesticity to reveal the movement's complexities, including the extent of its public impact and debates about home economists' relationship to the commercial marketplace. "--Provided by publisher.
Stir it up : home economics in American culture
On the road to the Finnish information society, 4. 4.
Global woman : nannies, maids and sex workers in the new economy
Agricultural and food science in Finland
Information society statistics 2006
Managing housekeeping operations
Cleaning & maintenance management magazine
Economic portrait of the European Union 1999
"Foundations of Family and Consumer Sciences: Careers Serving Individuals, Families and Communities introduces the history of the profession and career opportunities. For each area, career opportunities are explored and trends are surveyed. Career planning strategies are described. Professional profiles and case studies give students an insight into the profession"--Provided by publisher.
The history of home economics
The challenges of holistic thinking in home economics
sammandrag - abstract.
Some "new approaches" to home economics research in Finland
Abstract: Cultural meanings of tuberculosis and aids.
The reflective professional:Reflecting and helping for the 21st century
European consumer lifestyles
Alueelliset kauppavirrat Suomessa 1996 : ennakkotietoja alueellisesta panos-tuotos tutkimusprojektista = Regional trade flows in Finland in 1996 : preliminary results of the regional input-output project
Family food : a report on the ... Expenditure and Food Survey
The henhouse : don't let them steal your golden eggs
Tourism and agriculture : new geographies of consumption, production and rural restructuring
The AHEA saga : a brief history of the origin and development of the American Home Economics Association and a glimpse at the grass roots from which it grew
Hotel, catering and home economics sector : national core curriculum in hotel, restaurant and catering services on the upper secondary level : national core curriculum in home economics and cleaning services on the upper secondary level : the programme in home economics
Suomen taloushistoria = The economic history of Finland. 3, Historiallinen tilasto
Rethinking home economics : women and the history of a profession
Farmageddon : the true cost of cheap meat
A theory of grocery shopping : food, choice and conflict
Restaurant and catering food safety : putting HACCP on the menu
Conclusions and future visions
Abstract: Cultura meanings of tuberculosis and aids.
Progress in the household (1906)
Essays on the limits of borrowing
Creating consumers : home economists in twentieth-century America
Careers in focus : family and consumer sciences
Location, housing and premises in a dynamic perspective
Human perspectives on sustainable future
Introduction and aims of the research session
Home economics in curriculum and research. Report from the NORFA-funded: Nordic-Baltic Research Workshop in Home Economics June 5-8 1997. Home economics education and curriculum - home economics a multidisciplinary subject
Private regulation of value chains in Finnish pork industry : how private regulation schemes are used and could be used to ensure quality
Foundations of family and consumer sciences : careers serving individuals, families, and communities
Creating home economics futures : the next 100 years
Women, agricultural intensification, and household food security : proceedings of the workshop Women, Agricultural Intensification and Household Food Security, held at the Sasakawa Centre, University of Cape Coast, Ghana, 25-28 June 1996
MAMK Savonlinna : kuvia vuosien varrelta = Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences Savonlinna : photos over the years = Universitet prikladnyh nauk Mikkeli v Savonlinna : fotografii prošlyh let
100 years of the International Federation for Home Economics : 1908-2008
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Being Martha : the inside story of Martha Stewart and her amazing life
