http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17499 Presentations (computer programmes)
Presentations (computer programmes)
Presentation skills for technical professionals : achieving excellence
Talk like TED : the 9 public-speaking secrets of the world's top minds
English for presentations
Giving presentations
The savvy presenter : 100 tips for mastering presentations
Scientist's guide to poster presentations
How to craft successful business presentations and effective public speaking
The definitive business pitch : how to make the best pitches, proposals and presentations
Creative business presentations : inventive ideas for making an instant impact
Stories that move mountains : storytelling and visual design for persuasive presentations
Communicating clearly about science and medicine : making data presentations as simple as possible-- but no simpler
The jelly effect : how to make your communication stick
How to give a great presentation
"A visual guide to making extraordinary presentations by the acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin We are all natural born presenters. We have ideas to share, voices to share them, and people to share them with. So why do most of us find public speaking so hard? In this pithy but powerful guide, communication expert Dan Roam provides a simple five-step path to take us from jitters and complexity to confidence and clarity. He explains his tried-and-true visual techniques and the wisdom he has gained from giving award-winning presentations. Roam shows us how to: - Clearly present any idea with simple visuals - Know our audience before we step in front of them - Channel fear into fun"--
Presentations in action : 80 memorable presentation lessons from the masters
Microsoft PowerPoint 2016 step by step
Full of essential advice for spotlight lovers and wallflowers alike, this book will teach you how to bring any crowd to its feet. Your day is full of moments when you must persuade, inform, and motivate others. Each of those moments requires you to play a role, to heighten the impact of your words, and to manage your emotions and nerves--if you want to steal the show, that is. Every interaction is a performance, whether you're speaking up in a meeting, pitching a client, or walking into a job interview. Here, best-selling author Michael Port draws on decades of experience as an actor and a popular keynote speaker, to show you how to make the most of every presentation and interaction. You'll learn how the methods of top actors will help you connect with, inspire, and persuade any audience. You'll discover the key strategies for commanding an audience's attention, developing a clear focus for every performance, engaging your listeners, and delivering your message with maximum impact.--Adapted from book jacket.
Giving presentations : expert solutions to everyday challenges
Steal the show : from speeches to job interviews to deal-closing pitches, how to guarantee a standing ovation for all the performances in your life
Slide rules : design, build, and archive presentations in the engineering and technical fields
PowerPoint has become an integral part of academic and professional life across the globe. In this book, Hubert Knoblauch offers the first complete analysis of the PowerPoint presentation as a form of communication. Knoblauch charts the diffusion of PowerPoint and explores its significance as a ubiquitous and influential element of contemporary communication culture. His analysis considers the social and intellectual implications of the genre, focusing on the dynamic relationships between the aural, visual and physical dimensions of PowerPoint presentations, as well as the diverse institutional contexts in which these presentations take place. Ultimately, Knoblauch argues that the parameters of the PowerPoint genre frames the ways in which information is presented, validated and absorbed, with ambiguous consequences for the acquisition and transmission of knowledge. This original and timely book is relevant to scholars of communications, sociology and education.
The definitive guide to the graphic presentation of information contains a step-by-step guide to executing clear, concise, and intelligent graphics. The most current digital information is included along with practical advice, making this an essential reference.
The designer's guide to presenting numbers, figures, and charts
High impact speeches : how to create and deliver words that move minds
Presenting to win : the art of telling your story
Resonate : present visual stories that transform audiences
The art of influencing and selling
Effective presentation
Impossible to ignore : creating memorable content to influence decisions
Presentation zen design : simple design principles and techniques to enhance your presentations
Presentations
Chambers professional presentations
The Filipino woman : her social, economic, and political status, 1565-1933
" "If I tell you the truth, if I tell it with a story, and if I tell that story with pictures, I can keep you glued to your seat. Let me show you how." For the vast majority of us, giving a presentation is an extremely difficult and nerve-wracking process, whether we're in a one-on-one meeting, a conference room with a dozen strangers, or a lecture hall in front of thousands. But according to Dan Roam, the visual communications expert and acclaimed author of The Back of the Napkin, it doesn't have to be so hard. We struggle when we forget the basic steps we learned in kindergarten: show and tell. In this short but powerful book, Roam introduces a new set of tools for making extraordinary presentations in any setting. He also draws on ideas he's been honing for more than two decades, as an award-winning presenter who has brought his whiteboard everywhere from Fortune 500 companies to tiny startups to the White House. Even if you're already a good speaker, you'll learn more about understanding your audience, organizing your content, building a clear storyline, creating effective visuals, and channeling your fear into fun. And you'll master three fundamental rules: When we tell the truth, we connect with our audience, we become passionate, and we find self-confidence. When we tell a story, we make complex concepts clear, we make ideas unforgettable, and we include everyone. When we use pictures, people see exactly what we mean, we captivate our audience's mind, and we banish boredom. From nailing the opening to leaving a lasting impression, you'll soon be able to give the performance of a lifetime. time after time. "--
Illustrators 26 : the Society of Illustrators 26th annual of American illustration
Topics in the Theory of Group Presentations
How to make an impact with presentations
Killer presentation skills : how to aquire the skills , and say goodbye to fear, sweat, and 'practice, practice, practic'!
These notes comprise an introduction to combinatorial group theory and represent an extensive revision of the author's earlier book in this series, which arose from lectures to final-year undergraduates and first-year graduates at the University of Nottingham. Many new examples and exercises have been added and the treatment of a number of topics has been improved and expanded. In addition, there are new chapters on the triangle groups, small cancellation theory and groups from topology. The connections between the theory of group presentations and other areas of mathematics are emphasized throughout. The book can be used as a text for beginning research students and, for specialists in other fields, serves as an introduction both to the subject and to more advanced treatises.
Better presentations : a guide for scholars, researchers, and wonks
Making winning presentations : how to carry the day with confidence and success
Introducing his simple Principles of Persuasion, the media guru and Award-winning correspondent shows business leaders how to craft the right message and deliver it using the right language - both verbal and nonverbal - to get what they want. --Publishers description.
100 things every presenter needs to know about people
Beyond bullet points : using Microsoft PowerPoint to create presentations that inform, motivate, and inspire
Professional presentations : a video-based course
The presentation coach : bare knuckle brilliance for every presenter
Painless presentations : the proven, stress-free way to successful public speaking
Software-based countermeasures to 2D facial spoofing attacks
Putting stories to work : mastering business storytelling
Illustrators 34 : the Society of Illustrators 34th annual of American illustration
Presentation thinking and design : create better presentations, quicker
100 great presentation ideas : from successful managers and companies around the world
Provides lessons to help users design and deliver creative presentations using Microsoft PowerPoint.
How to present : the ultimate guide to presenting your ideas and influencing people using techniques that actually work
Presenting in English : how to give successful presentations
Presentation zen : simple ideas on presentation design and delivery
Corporate video production : beyond the board room (and out of the bored room)
How to give a terrific presentation
Dynamic presentations : Student's book with Audio-CDs
How to deliver a TED talk : secrets of the world's most inspiring presentations, revised and expanded new edition, with a foreword by Richard St. John and an afterword by Simon Sinek
Beyond bullet points : using Microsoft PowerPoint to create presentations that inform, motivate and inspire
The short road to great presentations : how to reach any audience through focussed preparation, inspired delivery, and smart use of technology
Facework : bridging theory and practice
Virtual presentations that work
Winning strategies for power presentations : Jerry Weissman delivers lessons from the world's best presenters
Successful presentation in a week
Knockout presentations : how to deliver your message with power, punch, and pizzazz
Designing science presentations : a visual guide to figures, papers, slides, posters, and more
Public speaking coach and bestselling author Gallo has broken down hundreds of TED talks and interviewed the most popular TED (technology, entertainment, design) presenters as well as the top researchers in the fields of psychology, communications, and neuroscience to get their cutting-edge insights and to reveal the nine secrets of all successful TED presentations.
The cognitive style of PowerPoint : pitching out corrupts within
Show & tell : how everybody can make extraordinary presentations
The presentation lab : learn the formula behind powerful presentations
Show me the numbers : designing tables and graphs to enlighten
The right phrase for the right situation - every time. Your new business strategy isn't going to sell itself. It's up to you to convince top decision makers to take the organization in the right direction. This is the most important presentation of your career, and your choice of words and phrases will mean the difference between success and failure. Perfect Phrases for Presenting Business Strategies provides the language you need to: Grab your audience's attention in the first few seconds, Summarize your strategy in two sentences, Prove that your plan is a plan for growth, Explain the costs and resources involved Detail the profits your company will make. Use Perfect Phrases for Presenting Business Strategies as a springboard for both organizational and personal success!
Presentation Zen Design : a simple visual approach to presenting in today's world
Small message, big impact : how to put the power of the elevator speech effect to work for you
"Drawing on the latest research in cognitive psychology combined with experience gained from years of successfully teaching high-level engineers, scientists, military people, and technical professionals, this book sets clear guidelines for presentation excellence. From planning for a variety of audiences (from the general public to non-technical high-influence leadership to other technical specialists) to archiving the slide deck as a living document in your organization, this full-color illustrated book will step engineering and technically oriented readers through their development as outstanding technical presenters"--
The naked presenter : delivering powerful presentations with or without slides
The big fish experience : create memorable presentations that reel in your audience
Better PowerPoint : quick fixes based on how your audience thinks
"This is learning made easy. Students will get productive fast with PowerPoint 2016 and jump in wherever they need answers--brisk lessons and colorful screen shots show them exactly what to do, step by step."--www.pearsonhighered.com.
Illustrators 35 : the Society of Illustrators 35th annual of American illustration
'Facework' introduces a paradigm that identifies facework as the key to communication within the management of difference. As shown by the numerous cases featured in this book, facework is a central process in the social construction of both identity and community.
How to deliver a TED Talk : secrets of the world's most inspiring presentations
Well said! : presentations and conversations that get results
Boost your presentation IQ
Why do people produce content to user generated media? : a study of bloggers' motivations
Pitch perfect : how to say it right the first time, every time
Presentation skills 201 : how to take it to the next level as a confident, engaging presenter
"Going beyond handling nerves and presenting PowerPoint slides, Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, provides you with a practical toolkit for developing a belting presentation and improving your confidence along the way. Step-by-step advice includes practical help with unpicking the original brief, understanding just what the audience wants and constructing compelling content that will keep your audience rapt with attention. Complete with anecdotes and expert input to help you avoid disaster, this new edition includes two brand new chapters, helping you to deliver a presentation 'stripped bare' and how to use new media to engage with your audience. Develop Your Presentation Skills, 3rd edition, will help you find your voice and use it with style; to inform, to persuade, to impress. With over one million copies sold, the hugely popular Creating Success series covers a wide variety of topic, with the latest editions including new chapters such as Tough Conversations and Treating People Right. This indispensable business skills collection is suited to a variety of roles, from someone looking to develop their time management skills for a society committee role, to someone with a business idea looking to build a strategic plan"--
Combinatorial group theory : presentations of groups in terms of generators and relations
PowerPoint, Communication, and the Knowledge Society
The results-driven manager : presentations that persuade and motivate
Presentation skills for managers
WHO recommendations for augmentation of labour
A practical, readable guide to delivering superior presentations Speakers bear the responsibility for communicating effectively with their audience: presenting a clear message, supporting it with well-structured explanations and examples, and delivering it with ease, grace, and good visuals. Unfortunately, this rarely happens, as anyone who has endured a substandard presentation knows only too well. The key for developing sound presentation skills need not, however, remain hidden. The Short Road to Great Presentations demystifies the art of public speaking as it shows you how to master the critical principles to make this skill an invaluable asset of your life and career. Drawing on twenty years of experience in helping engineers, scientists, and business people develop powerful communication skills, PERC Communications founders Peter and Cheryl Reimold present an easy-to-follow program for crafting winning presentations. They focus on two principles: 1) find a message that is clearly meaningful and accessible to your audience, and 2) connect strongly with your audience throughout your presentation. In applying these principles to a series of step-by-step preparations and on-stage actions, the authors help speakers focus on their most vital content, strengthen their structure and delivery, and?perhaps, most important?eliminate stress and aggravation. Chapter topics in this reader-friendly guide include:. Structuring your message for maximum effect. Preparing effective visuals. Understanding and using body language and eye contact. Handling tough questions and surprises. Making smart use of slide shows and presentation software. Conducting Web presentations and Web meetings Timeless speaking tips are combined with up-to-date primers on the latest technology throughout. The Short Road to Great Presentations is a one-stop resource for learning and practicing superior professional communication. An Instructor Support FTP site is available from the Wiley editorial department: ftp://ftp.ieee.org/uploads/press/reimold.
Fearless facilitation : the ultimate field guide to engaging (and involving!) your audience
Presentation skills expert Michelle Bowden shares her internationally proven 13-step system to exceptional presenting, starting with analysis, then design and delivery. Reveals how you can be a confident, clear and influential presenter every time.
Develop your presentation skills
Perfect phrases for presenting business strategies : hundreds of ready-to-use phrases for writing effective, informative, and powerful strategy presentations
The Wall Street journal guide to information graphics : the dos and don'ts of presenting data, facts, and figures
Stakeholder stimulation manual : case: ActiveInspire
The presentation skills workshop : helping people create and deliver great presentations
New sales speak : the 9 biggest sales presentation mistakes and how to avoid them
Presentations for dummies
Presentations of groups
From one of Inc. magazine's "Coolest College Startups" - the revolutionary three-step method that will transform every presentation into an experience for the audience. Rid the world of bad presentations with: Engaging Content + Memorable and Simple Design + Powerful Delivery Together, these create an unforgettable experience for the audience, The Big Fish Experience. Big Fish Presentations spends every day making the incomprehensible compelling; the mundane interesting; and the complex simple. Whether it's a presentation about an idea, a product, a service, a business, or a cause, at its heart, it's a story. The Big Fish Experience will help you tell yours. Learn how to: captivate with the power of story, enticing visuals, and infectious enthusiasm; inspire with the perfect pitch, a strong message, and a call to action; engage with supreme skill and confidence - and achieve your purpose every time. In this practical, step-by-step guide, you'll find proven techniques and expert tips on new presentation tools; innovative ways to deliver your ideas; case studies of presentations, which you can emulate immediately; and ways to recover if things go wrong. Big Fish Presentations works with clients nationwide - from startups to Fortune 100 companies - to turn presentations into experiences by providing copy writing, presentation design, presentation training, and video production, using the latest, most innovative strategies.
"REVISED AND EXPANDED NEW EDITION A step-by-step playbook showing anyone how to give the speech "of their lives," based on intensive study of the most popular TED TalksTED is a nonprofit dedicated to Ideas Worth Spreading. What began in 1984 as a conference bringing together the thought leaders and luminaries from the worlds of technology, entertainment, and design in Long Beach, California, TED exploded in popularity and led to a second conference held in Edinburgh, Scotland, TEDGlobal. TED challenged the world's most fascinating thinkers and doers to give the speech "of their lives" in 18 minutes or less.With more than 100 specific tips--including ways to open with an explicit statement of audience benefits and frame your idea worth spreading as an action-outcome response to a question worth asking--How to Deliver a TED Talk helps you select your topic, craft your story, master your delivery, and refine your design. It is a complete guide to creating presentations that inspire.A TEDx organizer and speaker, Jeremey Donovan is Group Vice President of Marketing at Gartner Inc., the world's leading information technology research and advisory company with $1.6 billion in annual revenue"--
Own the room : business presentations that persuade, engage & get results
Say it with presentations
PowerPoint 2003 for dummies
