http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17431 child psychology
child psychology
Play, dreams and imitation in childhood
Reconceptualising agency and childhood : new perspectives in childhood studies
Children and adolescents : a biocultural approach to psychological development
Child forensic psychology : victim and eyewitness memory
The language and thought of the child
"A comprehensive range of services for young people requiring more intensive mental health services is being developed and this book explores what works in Child and Adolescent Mental Health (CAMHS) at this level.Specialist Mental Healthcare for Children and Young People looks at intensive outpatient and community services; assertive outreach teams; inpatient residential and secure provision; or other highly specialised assessment, consultation and intervention services. Based on the best available evidence, each chapter provides research summaries and an overview of available treatments. It outlines emerging good practice guidance, service models, assessment, and training and workforce development requirements. Case studies and the views of children, young people and their families or carers are incorporated throughout. This accessible text is essential reading for professionals including psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses, therapists, social workers and teachers working in specialist CAMHS services, as well as all those studying for qualifications in child and adolescent mental health"--Provided by publisher.
Specialist mental healthcare for children and adolescents : hospital, intensive community, and home based services
Theories of developmental psychology
The gardener and the carpenter : what the new science of child development tells us about the relationship between parents and children
Developmental psychology : an advanced textbook
The development of imagination : the private worlds of childhood
Why they cry : understanding child development in the first year
The child : a book of readings
Maternal desire : on children, love and the inner life
Binocular convergence as a determinant of reaching behavior in infancy
AEPS curriculum for birth to three years
How to observe children
From instinct to identity : the development of personality
Handbook of clinical child psychology
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Developing play for the under 3s : the treasure basket and heuristic play
Thorough. Accurate. Reliable. Engaging. These are just a few of the words used by adopters and reviewers of John Santrock's "Child Development." The new topically-organized fourteenth edition continues with Santrock's highly contemporary tone and focus, featuring over 1,000 new citations. The popular Connections theme shows students the different aspects of children's development to help them better understand the concepts. Used by hundreds of thousands of students over thirteen editions, Santrock's proven learning goals system provides a clear roadmap to course mastery.
Life among the giants
Learning in children : progress in cognitive development research
Welcome to your child's brain : how the mind grows from birth to university
Cortical correlates of language perception : neuromagnetic studies in adults and children
Review of child development research. Vol. 2
Psychology of exceptional children and youth
Promoting psychological well-being in children and families
The absorbent mind
Handbook of adolescent psychology
User-centered technologies for blind children
This volume highlights the role of space in enhancing understandings of children's ordinary, everyday experiences, bringing together spatial theory and the interdisciplinary field of childhood studies. Contributors to Children's Spatialities argue that spatial perspectives are central to understanding how children's practices and trajectories are situated within more-than-social contexts. This lens opens up ways of understanding children's lives that move beyond the notion of the individual agent to recognise that agency exists within and between the spaces where children's lives happen. As such, this is a book about the intersectionality between space and cross-disciplinary approaches to childhood studies. In examining these intersections, its contributors ask: What new insights or interpretations does a critical spatial perspective of children's everyday lives offer? What are the implications for spatial theory and practice when children's lives become the primary focus of research?
Freud's Vienna and other essays
The Wiley-Blackwell Handbook of Childhood Social Development, Second Edition presents an authoritative and up-to-date overview of research and theory concerning a child's social development from pre-school age to the onset of adolescence. * Presents the most up-to-date research and theories on childhood social development * Features chapters by an international cast of leaders in their fields * Includes comprehensive coverage of a range of disciplinary perspectives * Offers all new chapters on children and the environment, cultural influences, history of childhood, interventions, and neuro-psychological perspectives * Represents an essential resource for students and researchers of childhood social development.
The gentle parenting book : how to raise calmer, happier children from birth to seven
The drama of the gifted child : the search for the true self
Early social cognition in three cultural contexts
The Development of mental processing : efficiency, working memory, and thinking
Evidence-based child forensic interviewing : the developmental narrative elaboration interview
The psychology of babies : how relationships support development from birth to two
Child study journal
How to understand the secret language of children
The child, the family, and the outside world
Manual for the child behavior checklist/4-18 and 1991 profile
The history of childhood
Observing children with attachment difficulties in preschool settings : a tool for identifying and supporting emotional and social difficulties
International handbook of psychological well-being in children and adolescents : bridging the gaps between theory, research, and practice
The development of commonsense psychology
Blackwell handbook of early childhood development
The development of play
Parenting and teaching the gifted
Entering the child's mind : the clinical interview in psychological research and practice
Parenting and theory of mind
CHILD PSYCHOLOGY
Nurtureshock : new thinking about children
Perspectives in child study : integration theory and practice
While many adults now understand how mindfulness practice helps us alleviate the stress and anxiety of our busy modern lives, getting a typical teenager on board is another story. Dr. Christopher Willard draws on his work with hundreds of young children, tweens, and teens - along with countless hours training parents, teachers, and other counselors - to make the principles and practices of mindfulness accessible, entertaining, and cool for people of all ages and interests. Features dozens of exercises to incorporate mindfulness into daily life (in class, extracurricular activities, among peers), specific meditations and movement practices, compassion training, and more.
The truth will set you free : overcoming emotional blindness and finding your true adult self
Middle childhood : behavior and development
The psychology of preschool children
Peer groups and children's development
Neuroscientist Dr Jenny Barnett, and teacher and mum Alexia Barrable describe scientifically-proven methods by which children's happiness can be boosted in just a few minutes each day. With easy-to-use activities for toddlers through to teenagers, this book steers the reader through simple and practical ways, grounded in scientific research, to enhance children's - and adults' - day-to-day happiness.
How mothers love and how relationships are born
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of infant development. Volume 2, Applied and policy issues
Developmental psychology
In defense of childhood : protecting kids' inner wildness
The school of wellbeing : 12 extraordinary projects promoting children and young people's mental health and happiness
Freud in Oz : at the intersections of psychoanalysis and children's literature
Exceptional children
Handbook of mindfulness in education : Integrating Theory and Research into Practice
Why gender matters : what parents and teachers need to know about the emerging science of sex differences
An introduction to the psychology of children's drawings
How to help your child learn : uncovering your child's hidden gifts
Minnesota symposia on child psychology
A handbook of child psychology
Parents of gifted students have often experienced the frustration of trying to get an appropriate education for their children in public and private schools. Teachers have equally experienced the frustration of trying to educate these students due to classroom demands. Over the past two decades, Callard-Szulgit has accumulated well over 1,000 questions asked by parents in her gifted parenting classes, her graduate students of gifted education, education colleagues, and gifted students themselves. This user-friendly book offers common sense and educationally informative answers to the questions and dilemmas that parents and teachers seek. This book will be of interest to all who seek a fair and equitable education for the gifted.
Understand child development
Infant and child development
This handbook addresses the educational uses of mindfulness in schools. It summarizes the state of the science and describes current and emerging applications and challenges throughout the field. It explores mindfulness concepts in scientific, theoretical, and practical terms and examines training opportunities both as an aspect of teachers' professional development and a means to enhance students' social-emotional and academic skills. Chapters discuss mindfulness and contemplative pedagogy programs that have produced positive student outcomes, including stress relief, self-care, and improved classroom and institutional engagement. Featured topics include: * A comprehensive view of mindfulness in the modern era. * Contemplative education and the roots of resilience. * Mindfulness practice and its effect on students' social-emotional learning. * A cognitive neuroscience perspective on mindfulness in education that addresses students' academic and social skills development. * Mindfulness training for teachers and administrators. * Two universal mindfulness education programs for elementary and middle school students. The Handbook of Mindfulness in Education is a must-have resource for researchers, graduate students, clinicians, and practitioners in psychology, psychiatry, education, and medicine, as well as counseling, social work, and rehabilitation therapy.
Children are from heaven : positive parenting skills for raising cooperative, confident, and compassionate children
Handbook of behavioral and emotional problems in girls
Child psychology in contemporary society
Focusing and calming games for children : mindfulness strategies and activities to help children relax, concentrate and take control
Childhood determinants of later health
The psychological assessment of children
Cultural processes in child development
Early childhood development and later outcome
Your child is growing
The psychology of the child
Developmental psychology and early childhood education
For the love of children : childcare and child rearing 0-16 years
Contemporary issues in childhood : approaches to teaching and learning
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of childhood social development
Understanding child development
Children's health, self-care and the use of self-medication : a population-based study in Finland
Developmental psychology : childhood and adolescence
Drawing from and grounded in their long-standing involvement in pioneering work on infant-parent mental health, this text assembles a comprehensive, theoretically insightful, and clinically useful volume for psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses, pediatricians, social workers, psychotherapists, and all other providers serving children and families from pregnancy through age 5. This book covers concepts from the nature of infant emotional and brain development to the practice of neurologically and relationally based therapies, and explores topics from child trauma to autism spectrum disorders
Child abuse : implications for child development and psychopathology
What is a child?
The origin, development, and function of the early infant imitation
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Help your child or teen get back on track : what parents and professionals can do for childhood emotional and behavioral problems
Psychological evaluation of human figure drawings by middle school pupils
What is my baby thinking? : understanding babies and toddlers from 0-3 years
Observational strategies for child study
The child and reality : problems of genetic psychology
Facilitating infant and early childhood development
Carmichael's manual of child psychology. 1
"Peer Groups and Children's Development" considers the experiences of school aged children with their peer groups and its implications for their social, personal and intellectual development. This book: focuses on the peer group experiences of children attending school in Western societies, from five years of age through to adolescence; considers peer groups in classrooms, friendships made within and outside of school, and the groups that children participate in for extra curricular activities; and, includes a final summary which brings together the significant implications for theory, policy and practice. This book is unique in that no other volume reviews and integrates literature relating to peer groups in both classroom and out of class settings. It addresses the research interests of psychologists and educationalists, as well as the practical concerns of teachers, parents, counselors, and policy makers.
Child psychology : growth trends in psychological adjustment
The development of children : study guide to Cole & Cole
Form and content in children's figure drawings : development, sex differences and body experience
Clinical child psychology : an introduction to theory, research, and practice
The untouched key : tracing childhood trauma in creativity and destructiveness
101 games for better behaviour
This handbook addresses universal developmental and cultural factors contributing to child and adolescent mental health and well-being across the globe. It examines sociocultural contexts of development and identifies children's and adolescents' perspectives as critical to understanding and promoting their psychological well-being. It details the Promoting Psychological Well-Being Globally project's methodology for data collection and analysis, provides cross-cultural analyses of its findings, and offers a practical model for clinicians and other professionals seeking to apply this knowledge to real-life settings. Featured topics include:  Sexual health, gender roles, and psychological well-being in India. Psychological well-being as a new educational boundary in Italy. Mapping psychological well-being in Romania. Youth perspectives on contributing factors to psychological well-being in Sri Lanka. Culturally specific resilience and vulnerability in Tanzania. Longing for a balanced life - the voices of Chinese-American/immigrant youth in the United States. The International Handbook of Psychological Well-Being in Children and Adolescents: Bridging the Gaps Between Theory, Research, and Practice is an invaluable resources for researchers, clinicians, scientist-practitioners, and graduate students in child and school psychology, social work, public health, positive psycholo gy, educational policy and politics, and maternal and child health.
The opposite of worry : the playful parenting approach to childhood anxieties and fears
Child development and personality
Children in genocide : extreme traumatization and affect regulation
Encyclopedia on early childhood development
Violence in children : understanding and helping those who harm
Child development
Development and causality : neo-Piagetian perspectives
Far from the tree : parents, children and the search for identity
Mastery motivation in early childhood : development, measurement and social processes
Raising gifted kids : everything you need to know to help your exceptional child thrive
The drama of being a child : the search for the true self
A descriptive model of aggression and non-aggression with applications to children's behaviour
Early intervention : the essential readings
Children's questions : a mechanism for cognitive development
Children and adolescents : interpretive essays on Jean Piaget
Problems of early childhood : an annotated bibliography and guide
Banished knowledge : facing childhood injuries
Creative play for 2-5s
Raising my rainbow : adventures in raising a fabulous, gender creative son
Readings in child psychology
Social and emotional challenges encountered in the beginning of school
Understanding children : Behavior, motives, and thought
Baby monthly : inside your baby's mind - from birth to one year
Ask a parenting expert : answers all your questions on issues from bonding with your new baby and sleep problems to peer pressure and teen behaviour
Childhood bilingualialism : aspects of linguistic, cognitive, and socialdevelopment
Mollie is three : growing up in school
The difficult child : how to understand and cope with your temperamental 2-6 year old
Developmental psychology : cognitive, perceptuo-motor and neuropsychological perspectives
This updated edition presents new research that establishes the effectiveness of play therapy in promoting healthy development in children with emotional or behavioral difficulties. Innovative interventions are presented in detail with vivid case examples to illustrate their implementation in clinical practice.
The biology of love
101 activities to help children get on together
Child psychology : the modern science
Review of child development research. Vol. 1
Motives in children's development : cultural-historical approaches
Beyond conventional boundaries : uncertainty in research and practice with children
Child psychology and development
"In this book Ronnie Solan traces the way that early psychic development from birth up to three years is reflected throughout our lifespan, including adulthood, couplehood and parenthood."--
Development of functional asymmetries in young infants : a sensory-motor approach
Childhood depression : school-based intervention
Doing better? : children's and their parents' and teachers' perceptions of the malleability of the child's academic competences
What children need to be happy, confident and successful : step by step positive psychology to help children flourish
Competence development in a transactional perspective : a longitudinal study
The enigma of childhood : the profound impact of the first years of life on adults as couples and parents
Internet through the eyes of 11-year-old children : first-hand experiences from the technological environment children live in
Paths of life : six case histories
Infant and early childhood mental health : core concepts and clinical practice
Understanding children's play
Studying child psychology
Oneness and separateness : from infant to individual
The development of social cognition
Growing up happy
Growing up mindful : essential practices to help children, teens, and families find balance, calm, and resilience
The handbook of child and adolescent clinical psychology : a contextual approach
Overcoming dyslexia for dummies
Development of person-context relations
Reading development during elementary school years : evidence from eye movements
Child psychology : a contemporary viewpoint
Children's spatialities : embodiment, emotion and agency
International perspectives on child abuse and children's testimony : psychological research and law
By regarding children as actors and conducting empirical research on children's agency, Childhood Studies have gained significant influence on a wide range of different academic disciplines. This has made agency one of the key concepts of Childhood Studies, with articles on the subject featured in handbooks and encyclopaedias. Reconceptualising Agency and Childhood is the first collection devoted to the central concept of agency in Childhood Studies. With contributions from experts in the field, the chapters cover theoretical, practical, historical, transnational and institutional dimensions of agency, rekindling discussion and introducing fundamental and contemporary sociological perspectives to the field of research. Particular attention is paid to connecting agency in the social sciences with Childhood Studies, considering both the theoretical foundations and the practice of research into agency. Empirical case studies are also explored, which focus upon child protection, schools and childcare at a variety of institutions worldwide. This book is an essential reference for students and scholars of Childhood Studies, and is also relevant to Sociology, Social Work, Education, Early Childhood Education and Care (ECEC) and Geography.
THE DRAMA OF BEING A CHILD AND THE SEARCH.
Ourselves in their shoes : the child's view
Parenting and Theory of Mind represents the conjunction of two major research literatures in child psychology. One is longstanding. The question of how best to rear children has been a central topic for psychology ever since psychology began to develop as a science. The other research literature is a good deal younger, though quickly expanding. Theory of mind (ToM) has to do with understanding of the mental world-what people (children in particular) know or think about mental phenomena such as beliefs, desires, and emotions. An important question that research on TOM addresses is where do children's ToM abilities come from? In particular, how do children's experiences shape their development? If we know the formative experiences that underlie ToM, then we may be able to optimize this important aspect of development for all children. The last 15 or so years have seen a rapid expansion of the literature on the social contributors to ToM, including hundreds of studies directed to various aspects of parenting. These studies have made clear that parents can be important contributors to what their children understand about the mental world. This is the first book to comprehensively bring together the literature on ToM and parenting, summarizing what we know about how parenting contributes to one of the most important outcomes in cognitive development and outlining future directions for research in this growing area.
The collected works of L.S. Vygotsky. Vol. 6, Scientific legacy
Three theories of child development : the contributions of Erik H. Erikson, Jean Piaget and Robert R. Sears, and their applications
Alpha girls : understanding the new american girl and how she is changing the world
The development of spatial thinking in schoolchildren
Toxic parents : overcoming their hurtful legacy and reclaiming your life
Understanding a child's world : readings in infancy through adolescence
The magic years : understanding and handling the problems of early childhood
The baby in the mirror : a child's world from birth to three
The contributors to this collection employ the analytic resources of cultural-historical theory to examine the relationship between childhood and children's development under different societal conditions. In particular they attend to relationships between development, emotions, motives and identities, and the social practices in which children and young people may be learners. These practices are knowledge-laden, imbued with cultural values and emotionally freighted by those who already act in them. The book first discusses the organising principles that underpin a cultural-historical understanding of motives, development and learning. The second section foregrounds children's lives to exemplify the implications of these ideas as they are played out - examining how children are positioned as learners in pre-school, primary school and play environments. The final section uses the core ideas to look at the implementation of policy aimed at enhancing children's engagement with opportunities for learning, by discussing motives in the organisations that shape children's development.
A primer of infant development
Why don't we all live together anymore? : big issues for little people after a family break-up
"In the current monograph, we report on a series of eight studies in which we systematically assessed the social-cognitive skills of 1- to 3-year-old children in three diverse cultural settings. One group of children was from a Western, middle-class cultural setting in rural Canada and the other two groups were from traditional, small-scale cultural settings in rural Peru and India. In the first group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's most basic social-cognitive skills for understanding the intentions and attention of others: imitation, helping, gaze following, and communicative pointing. Children's performance in these tasks was mostly similar across cultural settings. In a second group of studies, we assessed 1-year-old children's skills in participating in interactive episodes of collaboration and joint attention.... In the final pair of studies, we assessed 2- to 3-year old children's skills within two symbolic system (pretense and pictorial)."--Abstract.
Things to do to play & learn
Attachment handbook for foster care and adoption
Comparing theories of child development
The child in the world : embodiment, time, and language in early childhood
Origins and early development of human body knowledge
Early child development and care
Caring for children : a textbook for nursery nurses
War in the nursery : theories of the child and mother
The caring child
Advances in child health psychology
Strategies and techniques of child study
Interpreting children's drawings
Filicide, intra-familial child homicides in Finland 1970-1994
Children and emotion : the development of psychological understanding
Empirically based play interventions for children
How to say no to your toddler : creating a safe, rational, and effective discipline program for your 9-month-old to 3-year-old
Thought and language
Child psychiatry and human development
The Sage handbook of early childhood research
The child's conception of physical causality
Study guide for Cole and Cole's The Development of children
The zones of proximal development in children's play
Childhood and adolescence
The wonder weeks : how to stimulate your baby's mental development and help him turn his 10 predictable, great, fussy phases into magical leaps forward
Contemporary readings in child psychology
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The drama of being a child and the search for the true self
Blackwell handbook of infant development
Fathering and child outcomes
The child's conception of the world
Child development monographs
Written by experts in their field with a proven track record for quality in their teaching and learning this volume takes a contemporary and in-depth look at the teaching of humanities where children and their world's are central to the curriculum. Aimed at students and teachers of childhood and early childhood courses--and also beneficial to those studying other academic programs where the emphasis is on the various ways in which childhood is viewed and interpreted--this book gives vital tips and advice on methodology.
Children as individuals
