http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17453 spring
spring
A basketful of snowflakes : one Mallorcan spring
Abstract: On 19-23 April 1973, specimens of Phormia terrae-novae were seen flying, and walking and sitting on the walls of buildings and on the trunks of trees in northeastern Lapland, in Värriötunturi fell terrain...
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Crafting springtime gifts : 25 adorable projects featuring bunnies, chicks, lambs and other springtime favourites
Czechoslovakia : the state that failed
Authoritarianism in the Middle East : before and After the Arab Uprising
The effect of climatic factors on wood anatomy of the alien red oak (Quercus rubra L.) growing in three experimental plantations in Latvia was assessed by classical dendrochronological techniques. Two tree-ring proxies - tree-ring width (TRW) and mean area of earlywood vessel lumen (VLA) - were studied on 33 trees. Annual variation of TRW amongst trees was similar (mean r = 0.46), but there was more individuality in VLA (mean r = 0.26); nevertheless, chronologies of both proxies had rather synchronous variation amongst the sites. Annual variation of TRW was affected by factors related to water deficit in late summer, as suggested by the negative effect of temperature and positive effect of precipitation that have intensified during the 20th century, likely due to warming. Although weather conditions during the dormant period did not directly affect TRW, temperature during the autumn-spring period has been the main climatic determinant of VLA likely via influence on overwintering and hence vigour of tree. This suggests that conductive properties of wood and hence the susceptibility to water deficit have been affected by weather conditions before the formation of tree rings. During the 20th century, sensitivity of VLA has shifted from temperature in winter to temperature in autumn likely due to climate change. Still, the positive effect of these factors suggests that warming of climate would increase VLA and hence the risk of embolism and xylem disfunction. Therefore, the importance of availability of water for growth of red oak in Latvia is increasing..
Turkey and the Arab spring : leadership in the Middle East
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
The flying activity of Phormia terrae-novae R.-D. (Dipt., Calliphoridae in late winter in northeastern Lappland
Extension of the planting period of Norway spruce container seedlings : riks related to the drought - growth stage dynamics and handling practices
Differential migration strategies of the Wood Sandpiper (Tringa glareola) : genetic analyses reveal sex differences in morphology and spring migration phenology
Red bones
The socialist sixties : crossing borders in the Second World
In this study Mixed structural covariance, Path and Cultivation Value analyses and the CERES-Wheat crop model were used to evaluate vegetation and yield component variation affecting yield potential between different high-latitude (> 60° N lat.) and mid-European (< 60° N lat.) spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) genotypes currently cultivated in southern Finland. Path modeling results from this study suggest that especially grains/ear, harvest index (HI) and maximum 1000 kernel weight were significant factors defining the highest yield potential. Mixed and Cultivation value modeling results suggest that when compared with genotypes introduced for cultivation before 1990s, modern spring wheat genotypes have a significantly higher yielding capacity, current high yielding mid-European genotypes even exceeding the 5 t ha-1 non-potential baseline yield level (yb). Because of a forthcoming climate change, the new high yielding wheat genotypes have to adapt for elevated temperatures and atmospheric CO2 growing conditions in northern latitudes. The optimized ideotype profiles derived from the generic high-latitude and mid-European genotypes are presented in the results. High-latitude and mid-European ideotype profiles with factors estimating the effects of concurrent elevated CO2 and temperature levels with photoperiodical daylength effects can be utilized when designing future high yielding ideotypes adapted to future growing conditions. The CERES-Wheat ideotype modeling results imply, that with new high yielding mid-European ideotypes, the non-potential baseline yield (yb) would be on average 5150 kg ha-1 level (+108 %) vs. new high-latitude ideotypes (yb 4770 kg ha-1, 100%) grown under the elevated CO2(700ppm)×temperature(+3°C) growing conditions projected by the year 2100 climate change scenario in southern Finland.
This paper quantifies the spring wheat yield conditional on temperature- and rainfall-based weather indices in Finland. The estimating equations are standardized and simplified so that they provide information for designing tradable contracts. A simple basket of weather indices, consisting of growing degree days, night frost and rainfall measures, has the potential to hedge about 38% of the wheat grower yield risk, with the remaining 62% being left as uninsured basis risk. Our results have several important implications for the design of simple and tractable weather index-based insurance contracts. The data suggest that the marginal products of weather events have a large variation across time and they are the most significant within certain critical time periods. Therefore, the weather events triggering the indemnity payments should be bounded within certain critical time regimes over their distribution along the growing season.
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Dangerous liaisons : the clash between Islamism and Zionism
Springtime emergence of the Viviparous Lizard, Lacerta vivipara, in Finland
Testing the use of an analytical and mechanistic C3 - biomass accumulation model for precision fertilization
A comparative ideotype, yield component and cultivation value analysis for spring wheat adaptation in Finland
Analyses of the spring phenology of boreal trees and its response to climate change
Spring nature activities for children
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
The Seasons : Spring : Summer : Autumn : Winter
Contrasting tree-ring data with fire record in a pine-dominated landscape in the Komi Republic (Eastern European Russia) : recovering a common climate signal
Spring flowers of the Lower Columbia Valley
Social interactions among capercaillie Tetrao urogallus males outside the lek during spring
Hard choices : the EU's options in a Changing Middle East
Gergyovden : Bulgarian folk customs and rituals
Blood parasites found in three passerine species during spring migration
Phytoplankton of Lake Ladoga during the spring thermal front period
Seasons of Finnish lifestyle
What happens in spring?
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
Dispersal and migration of female black grouse Tetrao tetrix in eastern central Finland
Cherry blossoms of Kyoto : A seasonal portfolio
Insect pests and their natural enemies on spring oilseed rape in Estonia : impact of cropping systems
Hyvin luonnosteltu - puoliksi valmis : Jarmo Mäkilän maalaus Kevät = Scientific testing of contemporary art : Jarmo Mäkiläs painting Spring [Summary] / Siukku Nurminen
The complete book of the flower fairies
Red sings from treetops : a year in colors
In 2011, the international community watched as citizens mobilized through the Internet and digital media to topple three of the world's most entrenched dictators: Ben Ali in Tunisia Mubarak in Egypt, and Qaddafi in Libya. This book examines not only the unexpected evolution of events during the Arab Spring but the longer history of desperate - and creative - digital activism through the Arab world.
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
The quarry
Time use, foraging behavior and microhabitat use in a temporary guild of spring-staging dabbling ducks (Anas spp.)
Social media and women of the Arab Spring : effects of social media on Egyptian women's participation in the revolution
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Beyond the Arab spring : authoritarianism & democratization in the Arab world
Hooray for Hoppy!
Host selection by Arctic Skuas Stercorarius parasiticus in the North-western Mediterranean during spring migration
Survey of springtime Arctic bird migration in Vyborg in 1988-2008 and in Kurortny District in 1992-2001
Milly-Molly-Mandy's spring
Timing applications of growth regulators to alter spring cereal development at high latitudes
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Policy of the possible : the strategy of the Prague spring in regard to European security and cooperation
Biggest thing in the world
Effect of spring and overload on the rutting of a low-volume road : HVS-Nordic -research
Pekka Halonen : Ateneum Art  Museum 7.3. - 24.8.2008 / Pekka Halonen catalogue, editor: Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff ; assistant: Siina Hälikkä
Folklore in Northwest China
1968 in Europe : a history of protest and activism, 1956-1977
Environmental factors and Carpathian spring fen vegetation : the importance of scale and temporal variation
Seed loss as a result of pod shatter in spring rape and spring turnip rape in Finland : Research Note
The four seasons : Antonio Vivaldi
Årstider = Seasons : choral music a cappella
Tilda's spring ideas
Findus plants meatballs
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
A single and uniform fertilizer application may lead to ineffective crop nutrient uptake and use. In order to enhance nutrient use efficiency the application should be adjusted according to the need of the cultivated crop. This task is challenging because weather is unknown and unpredictable over the upcoming growing season. One solution is site-specific fertilizer application in several separate events throughout the season. Such a precision fertilization method requires information on the current crop state (e.g. the availability of water and nutrients in the soil) and a crop growth model that aims to assess current crop growth and near future needs. A field experiment with varying radiation, precipitation and nutrient conditions was established to test our crop growth model performance. Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was grown using three fertilization rates with three precipitation and two radiation treatments within each fertilization treatment. The observed crop biomass accumulation in the highest fertilization treatment was considered as the highest possible in the prevailing conditions. The simulated (maximal) biomass accumulation was in agreement with the highest observed biomass yield. The results were found promising for further use of the model in crop growth evaluation during the growing season.
Spring dynamics in shallow lakes : the role of plankton, fish and macrophytes in a changing climate
Impact of spring warming on sowing times of cereal, potato and sugar beet in Finland
When the waves awake
Jane Packer's new flower arranging
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Designs by nature : creating wonderful displays for the home with flowers, leaves, stones and shells
Vernal pools : natural history and conservation
Who's awake in springtime?
Differences in growth and wood properties between narrow and normal crowned types of Norway spruce grown at narrow spacing in southern Finland
Spring
Spring flora of Missouri
Rufous turtle dove Streptopelia orientalis meena in Lieksa, 16.-17.5.2006 : first observation for North Karelia and second spring sighting for Finland
Long-term trends in spring phenology in a boreal forest in central Finland
Rites of spring : Gājan in village Bengal
50s fashion style : stylish casual wear from the golden age of American fashion
When will it be spring?
Relation of tree-ring width and earlywood vessel size of alien Quercus rubra L. with climatic factors in Latvia
Does arrival date influence autumn departure of the white stork Ciconina ciconia?
A chef for all seasons
Spring migration in the western Mediterranean and NW Africa : the results of 16 years of the Piccole Isole project
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Effect of a cold spell on birds in northern Finland in May 1968
The thing about spring
Lawrence Alma Tadema : spring / Louise Lippincott
Vegetation characteristics of a brackish marsh on Gotland and foraging choices of migrating and brood rearing geese
Maintenance of male sterile germplasm in Brassica rapa in vitro propagation
Predicting the yield of spring wheat by weather indices in Finland : implications for designing weather index insurances
The Prague spring of Science: Czecholslovak natural Scientistists reconsidering the iron curtain
Photosynthesis and Rubisco kinetics in spring wheat and meadow fescue under conditions of simulated climate change with elevated CO[sub 2] and increased temperatures
Finnish
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Spring according to Humphrey
The world of Pekka Halonen's art : harmony between man and nature / Anna-Maria von Bonsdorff
There and back again : nocturnal migratory behaviour of birds during spring and autumn
Effect of waterlogging on boreal forest tree seedlings during dormancy and early growing season
SPRINGTIME IN BULLERBY
When Spring comes
Humanizing security? : the EU's responsibility to protect in the Libyan crisis
The rebirth of history
Host-pathogen interaction between spring wheat and Septoria nodorum with reference to resistance breeding
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Distribution of grouse birds and their most important foods in Vodlozersky National Park (North-West Russia) during early spring
Developing a hybrid breeding system for turnip rape
Democracy's fourth wave? : digital media and the Arab Spring
For years the authoritarian regimes of the Arab world displayed remarkable persistence. Then, beginning in December 2010, much of the region underwent rapid and remarkable political change. This volume explores the precursors, nature, and trajectory of the dynamics unleashed by the Arab Spring. The authors focus on the complex forces that have sustained authoritarianism in the region, as well as the roots of popular mobilization and regime overthrow. They also examine the possibilities for democratic reform -- and, where it has occurred, relapse. Their work offers a comprehensive assessment, at once sophisticated and accessible, of current developments and trends in the countries of the Arab Middle East and North Africa. -- Publisher description.
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
