http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17433 common sense
common sense
A defense of realism : reflections on the metaphysics of G. E. Moore
Categorical frameworks
The principles of human knowledge ; Three dialogues between Hylas and Philonous
In praise of reason
The status of common sense in psychology
Common sense : the foundations for social science
Reasoning in physics : the part of common sense
The Cambridge companion to Thomas Reid
In the interests of safety : the absurd rules that blight our lives and how we can change them
Common sense : a contemporary defense
Ordinary objects
Common sense and other political writings
The portable Age of Reason reader
Knowledge, reason, and taste : Kant's response to Hume
From morality to virtue
Pioneering externalism : Thomas Reid and Hume's problem
Outdoor leadership : technique, common sence & self-confidence
Common-sense morality and consequentialism
Practical intelligence : the art and science of common sense
Philosophy of education : aims, theory, common sense and research
Paradoxes of knowledge
Essays on the intellectual powers of man : a critical edition
The moral law or Kant's Groundwork of the metaphysic of morals
The American age of reason
Explores the implications of Quranic miracle stories for the modern era. Examines the medieval Muslim debate over miracles, and connects its insights with early and late modern turning points in modern Western thought as well as contemporary Quranic interpretation.
An inquiry into the human mind : on the principles of common sense
The rediscovery of common sense philosophy
A metaphysics for the mob : the philosophy of George Berkeley
The emotion machine : commonsense thinking, artificial intelligence, and the future of the human mind
Critique of practical reason
Mathematics and common sense : a case of creative tension
Cognitive patterns in science and common sense : Groningen studies in philosophy of science, logic, and epistemology
Man against myth
Kant's moral metaphysics : God, freedom, and immortality
Hannah Arendt's political humanism
Aristotle on the common sense
Berkeley's thought
From folk psychology to cognitive science : the case against belief
Return to reason
The reasons of love
Understanding the Qur'anic miracle stories in the modern age
Practice wisdom : a guide for helping professionals
Sense and certainty : a dissolution of scepticism
Common sense, reasoning, & rationality
Common sense, and other political writings
The inner touch : archaeology of a sensation
Foundations of the metaphysics of morals, and What is enlightenment?
Immanuel Kant famously said that he was awoken from his 'dogmatic slumbers,' and led to question the possibility of metaphysics, by David Hume's doubts about causation. Because of this, many philosophers have viewed Hume's influence on Kant as limited to metaphysics. More recently, some philosophers have questioned whether even Kant's metaphysics was really motivated by Hume. In "Knowledge, Reason, and Taste", renowned Kant scholar Paul Guyer challenges both of these views. He argues that Kant's entire philosophy - including his moral philosophy, aesthetics, and teleology, as well as his metaphysics - can fruitfully be read as an engagement with Hume.In this book, the first to describe and assess Hume's influence throughout Kant's philosophy, Guyer shows where Kant agrees or disagrees with Hume, and where Kant does or doesn't appear to resolve Hume's doubts. In doing so, Guyer examines the progress both Kant and Hume made on enduring questions about causes, objects, selves, taste, moral principles and motivations, and purpose and design in nature. Finally, Guyer looks at questions Kant and Hume left open to their successors.
Common-sense : a new look at an old philosophical tradition
Transforming social representations : a social psychology of common sense and science
The emotion machine : commensense thinking, artificial intelligence, and the future of the human mind
The methodology of G. E. Moore
Rival truths : common sense and social psychological explanations in health and illness
The practice of philosophy : a handbook for beginners
Spoilt rotten : the toxic cult of sentimentality
