http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17424 Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Children's colonies
The War in Spain : A weekly summary
The forging of a rebel : The clash
The seamstress
Speech delivered by don Manuel Azaña, President of the Spanish Republic, in Barcelona City Hall on July 18th, 1938
Blood of Spain : the experience of civil war, 1936-1939
The Spanish Civil War
The aura of the cause : a photo album for North American volunteers in the Spanish Civil War
The signal was Spain : the Spanish aid movement in Britain, 1936-39
On the eve of civil war in Spain
Republic of egos : a social history of the Spanish Civil War
The novel of the Spanish civil war (1936-1975)
The Condor legion : german troops in the spanish civil war
Soviet diplomacy and the Spanish Civil War
Catholics and the civil war in Spain
Speech by Dr. Negrín, President of the Council of Ministers : (Barcelona, 14th October 1938)
Nazi Germany and fascist Italy have invaded Spain
For whom the bell tolls
In support of Spanish democracy
The Spanish Civil War : a very short introduction
The Spanish civil war 1936-39
Controversy on Spain
Spain at war
Your face tomorrow. 3 : Poison, shadow and farewell
The Italo-German aggression against Spain : three speeches of Sr. Juan Negrín, President of the Conseil of Ministers of Spain
The wrong blood
The war in Spain : a personal narrative
Spain today : revolution and counter-revolution
Dialogue with death
List of ships interfered with, attacked or sunk during the war in Spain, July 1936-June 1938.
Madrid : the "military" atrocities of the rebels : a record of massacre, murder, mutilation
The sea, the soil & the struggle : original recordings 1941-1942. Vol. 2
Documents on the Italian intervention in Spain
The book of the XV Brigade : records of British, American, Canadian, and Irish volunteers in the XV International Brigade in Spain 1936 - 1938.
Union of all Spaniards : complete text of the report to the plenary session of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Spain, at Madrid on May 23rd 1938
Spanish dossier
What is happening in Spain?
The civil war in Spain
Art treasures of Spain : results of a visit by Sir Frederic Kenyon, former director of the British Museum, and Mr. James G. Mann, keeper of the Wallace collection
La patraña del bolchevismo = The fabulous story of bolchevism = La fable du bolchevisme
A Catholic looks at Spain
The perfume garden
The Spanish Republic at war, 1936-1939
The Spanish labyrinth : an account of the social and political background of the Civil War
Remembering the Spanish civil war
Crusade or class war? : the Spanish military revolt
Save Spain from fascism
Foreign wings over the Basque country : the Spanish war
Spain : the elections of February 16th 1936.
the Baptismal Font of Cervantes and the Tomb of Cardinal Cisneros (Alcalá de Henares)
Franco's international brigades : adventures, fascists and Christian crusaders in the Spanish Civil War
The drama of Spain : from the proclamation of the republic to the civil war 1931-1936
Burgos justice : a years's experience of Nationalist Spain
Spanish front
The agony of Spain : socialist appeal to British democracy : Spanish envoys tell the facts
Spain in arms 1937
Conflict in Spain 1920 - 1937 : a documented record
The spanish cockpit : An eyewitness account of the political and social conflicts of the spanish civil war
Catholics and the Spanish state
New order in Valencia : an article from " The Times ".
The Spanish Civil War : reaction, revolution and revenge
Spanish testament
The struggle against Franco oppression
The military situation in Spain after Teruel
The Spanish civil war
Fighting for Franco : international volunteers in nationalist Spain during the Spanish Civil War, 1936-1939
We saw Spain die : foreign correspondents in the Spanish Civil War
The Spanish revolution in danger!
Remembrances and perspectives : a speech by Indalecio Prieto (Barcelona 28th August 1938)
The Spanish civil war : a history and reference guide
Speech of Mr. Juan Negrín, Spanish Prime Minister, held at Barcelona on the 26th of February 1938 : A manifesto of Spanish intellectuals
Spain and Britain
A short history of the Spanish Civil War
Homage to Catalonia
Foreign intervention in Spain. 1
Comrades! : portraits from the Spanish Civil War
Voice of Spain : A monthly journal of facts and pictures
The financial relations between the Spanish government and Great Britain : three articles from The Financial News
Foreign journalists under Franco's terror
The battle for Spain : the Spanish civil war 1936-1939
The siege of Alcazar : a war-log of the Spanish revolution
Battle for Spain : the Spanish Civil War 1936-1939
The National Palace (Madrid)
Christ or Franco? : an answer to the collective letter which the Spanish Episcopate issued to the bishops of the world
