http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1746 accompaniment (music)
accompaniment (music)
Complete rhythm guitar guide for blues bands
Johnny Cash für Gitarre
Acoustic rock
Acoustic rock : 62 songs : includes complete lyrics, chord symbols & piano chord diagrams
The unashamed accompanist
The True Cuban bass  : For acoustic or electric bass
Dance and Music : A Guide to Dance Accompaniment for Musicians and Dance Teachers
Comping styles for bass guitar : guitar parts included
Jazz guitar chords and accompaniment
Figured bass accompaniment. 1
Children's guitar guide
Play-along jazz standard : Chord progressions
You can teach yourself folk singing guitar
Acoustic hits
Am I too loud? : memoirs of an accompanist
Piano by ear : learn to play by ear, improvise and accompany songs in simple steps
'To fill, forbear, or adorne' : the organ accompaniment of Restoration sacred music
The art of accompanying : master lessons from the repertoire
Accompanying the jazz/pop vocalist : a practical guide for pianists
Music for the modern dance
The art of accompanying and coaching
How to get real with a fake book : a guide for the piano arranger
The dictionary of strum & picking patterns
Choral arranging
You can teach yourself piano by ear
Stemmasoittoa viululla : harmony parts for finnish fiddle music
Metal rhythm guitar for absolute beginners
Blues guitar method. Level 1, An essential study of blues accompaniment guitar for all skill-level players
Elementary accompaniment writing
Gitarr hits
Fiddle time joggers : piano accompaniment book
Bass lines : exactly as recorded
Suzuki recorder school : soprano recorder. Volume 1, Accompaniment part : keyboard and continuo
Singer and accompanist : the performance of fifty songs
Dance and music : a guide to dance accompaniment for musicians and dance teachers
Rhythm guitar : The complete guide
Beginning guitar for adults : the grown-up approach to playing guitar
The bumper ukulele playlist : gold edition
Voicings for jazz keyboard : a comprehensive approach to contemporary keyboard voicings for the performer, arranger, teacher, jazz theorist
Creative comping for improvisation : play-along recordings by Hal Crook. Volume 1.
You can teach yourself piano by ear (CD, DVD)
A guide for the modern jazz rhythm section : a structural and developmental guide for succes in today's jazz rhythm section
Three chord songs : 58 songs : complete lyrics, chord symbols & piano chord diagrams
21 easy hits for ukulele : [lyrics and chords for 21 great songs]
Ultimate contemporary rhythm keyboard grooves
Classic Acoustic Strumalong
Jazz workshop for bass and drums : how to play in bands
In the pocket. Basic jazz rhythm guitar : comping in the Freddie Green style
How to comp : a study in jazz accompaniment
How to play from a fake book : faking your own arrangements from melodies and chords : keyboard edition
Jazz comping for fingerstyle guitar
Play piano by ear : an easy method for playing songs without reading music
Qwiklicks. Blues guitar rhythm basics
THE JOY OF GUITAR
Basic jazz rhythm guitar : comping in the Freddie Green style
Straight-ahead jazz drumming : a guide to developing a driving, swinging beat
Jazz Comping For Finger Style Guitar : A Moving Bass Approach
Jazz piano voicings : transcribed from volume 41 "Body & soul" : for all musicians
Beginning rock rhythm guitar : for electric and acoustic guitar
Essential rhythm guitar : patterns, progressions and techniques for all styles
Art of the shuffle for guitar : An exploration of shuffle, boogie and swing rhythms
Figured bass accompaniment. 2
Blues harmonica accompaniment playing
Blues guitar rhythm basics
Ilmo Ranta lets Lied take the lead
Piano for singers : learn to accompany yourself and others
Getting into...Travis picking
Suzuki bass school : piano accompaniment. Volume 1.
Celtic back-up : For all instrumentalists
3 chord songbook. Volume 2, Play 50 great songs with only 3 easy chords
Suzuki cello school. Volumes 1 & 2
Am I too loud? : Memoirs of an accompanist
Justinguitar.com : beginner's songbook. Volume II
Jazz piano comping : harmonies, voicings, and grooves
Harmony vocals : the essential guide
Instrumental solos by special arrangement : Piano accompaniment : eleven songs arranged in a jazz style written-out improvisations
Rhythm guitar : the complete guide
The vocal jazz ensemble
Metaphors for the musician : perspectives from a jazz pianist
You can play jazz piano. 2, Basic keyboard harmony
The art of accompanying flamenco dance
The 3 chord songbook of great ukulele songs : [play 19 great songs with only 3 easy chords for each song]
Christmas songs
Django-style gypsy jazz guitar. Lesson 1, Rhythm
Jazz band rhythm guitar
The art of instrumental accompanying : a practical guide for the collaborative pianist
Jason Mraz : easy guitar
Suzuki recorder school : alto recorder. Volume 1, Accompaniment part : keyboard and continuo
Singing with the fiddle : accompanying old time songs and ballads
Hits of the year : guitar chord songbook
Singing with the banjo : songs and accompaniment clawhammer style
Autoharp chord chart and melody-playing tips
101 three-chord hymns and gospel songs for guitar, banjo, and uke
Guitar comping : with bass lines in treble clef
Creative comping concepts for jazz guitar
Intermediate jazz chord voicing for keyboard
The changes : Guide tones for jazz chords, lines & comping for guitar
Folk guitar styles of today'. Book 2
Justinguitar.com : ukulele songbook
Die Gitarre als Begleitinstrument = L'accompagnement à la guitare = The accompaniment with the guitar : (Akkorde und Rhytmen) für Gesang und Tanzkapelle = (accords et rythmes) pour chant et orchestre de danse = (chords and rhythms) for voice and dance band
1st class chord strummer
Basic keyboard skills : an introduction to accompaniment improvisation, transposition and modulation, with appendix on sight reading
Joggers piano book : fiddle time and viola time
Jazz rhythm guitar for absolute beginners
3 chord songbook. Volume 3, Play 50 great songs with only 3 easy chords
Lead guitar harmonies
