http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17478 asepsis
asepsis
Care skills for nurses
Challenges of cleanliness and hygiene from nursing perspective in a haemodialysis caring environment
Clinical companion : fundamentals of nursing
Tiivistelmä: Aseptic technique in surgical wound care executed by nurses.
Perioperative nursing : an introductory text
Aseptic technique in surgical wound care executed by nurses : research
Abstract: Hospital-acquired infections (HAIs) present a substantial problem for healthcare providers. The aim of this final project was to improve the safety of patients and health care practitioners in Infection Disease Clinic in Helsinki University Central Hospital (HUCH). This final project was a part of improving asepsis during the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy, a project conducted by the Metropolia University of Applied Sciences in collaboration with Helsinki University Central Hospital. The purpose of the final project was to describe the principles' involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting. We conducted a systematic literature review of published studies that describe the principles of asepsis involved in the preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy in the clinical setting from 2005 to January 2012. From a total of 1135 publications, only eight papers (0.7%) described the guidelines specific to peripheral intravenous therapy. A further 3 articles were selected from the reference list. We described the guidelines from the perspective on preparation, administration and management of peripheral intravenous therapy. Thematic synthesis of all text, figures, tables under the heading, key points, findings, results and discussion or conclusions reported in each included study was performed to develop descriptive and analytical themes. Eleven themes emerged. These themes were based on education of patients and health professionals, environment, hand hygiene, aseptic technique, skin preparation, Insertion of peripheral catheter, catheter-site dressing, maintaining sterile barrier, replacement of administration sets and peripheral catheters, documentation and performance improvement. The findings suggested that healthcare practitioners should always consider the patients as being susceptible. Standardization of practices will help reduce the risk of infection. Finally all health care practitioners must be educated to ensure that practices and procedures are adhered to and are consistent with day-to-day practices.
Surgical site skin desinfection : desired guideline
Fundamentals of nursing : concepts, process, and practise
Essentials of perioperative nursing
Peripheral intravenous therapy : focus on asepsis : Systematic literature review
Infection control in the health care sector. Part 10, Requirements for cleaning
The CDC handbook : a guide to cleaning and disinfecting cleanrooms
Preoperative skin preparation
New methods of food preservation
Concepts in sterile preparations and aseptic technique
Terveydenhuollon hyvät hygieniakäytännöt = Goda hygienrutiner inom hälsovården = Good hygiene practices in health care
Nursing knowledge & practice : A decision-making approach
Perioperative patient care : the nursing perspective
The pharmacy technician series. Sterile products
AORN Perioperative Nursing Video Library : AsepticTechnique: Principles and Practices
Quality assurance of aseptic preparation services
Peripheral intravenous therapy: focus on asepsis
Aseptic technique : principles and practices
Abstract: This final project is part of Improving the Quality of Hand Hygiene and Asepsis in the Care of Nephrological Patients, a project conducted by Metropolia University of Applied Sciences, in collaboration with the Clinics of Nephrology and Infection Diseases of HUCH, the Department of Nursing Science of Turku University Faculty of Medicine, and the Finnish Kidney and Liver  Association.    The purpose of this final project is to identify interventions that can improve hand hygiene adherence in  haemodialysis patient care and, in addition, influence the implementation of change in clinical practice.    There were 15 research articles for this literature review, collected systematically from OVID, CINAHL and PUBMEB. In addition, manual search was conducted in order to find literature supporting the concepts of hand hygiene and asepsis.    The findings showed that single interventions improved hand hygiene adherence but, in order to reach a sustained high level of adherence, multifaceted interventional programmes focusing on education and behavioural change were preferred. They should include educational courses, trainings, poster campaigns, performance feedbacks, use of technology, accessibility to hand rub, and role modelling.    The implementation of change is a long process that depends on the quality and content of the interventions, the nurses' active participation and the support institutions can provide. Further development of multifaceted interventional programmes is needed to ensure that nurses have sufficient knowledge and awareness on hand hygiene and asepsis in the care of nephrological patients.
It's a jungle out there : a quantitative study on the nurses level of knowledge on infection control
Handling laboratory microorganisms
This Bachelor's thesis has been produced in cooperation with Tampere University Hospital (TUH) between falls of 2009 and 2010. The purpose of this thesis is to map the knowledge nurses have on infection control in TUH. The thesis was implemented by means of a quantitative research in which the tool was a questionnaire of thirty-one (31) right-wrong statements. There were 38 responses that all were used in the analyzing phase.    The results of the research show that nurses working on TUH outpatient clinics have already some education on the topic. Nevertheless more education is needed according to the gained results. The whole thesis process was based on four bundles (Appendix 4). The statements were divided and analyzed under these four bundles.
Introduction to asepsis : a programmed unit in fundamentals of nursing
Care and handling of surgical instruments
Infection control in clinical practice
Preservatives for cosmetics
Implementing change in hand hygiene and asepsis in haemodialysis nursing care : a literature review
