http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17413 literature circles
literature circles
Sex and the city
The house at Rivertone
One Fifth Avenue
The book club murders
The lucky ones : a bright young things novel
The selection
The life of Madam Necker : sin, redemption and the Parisian salon
The reading groups book
Reading Lolita in Tehran : a memoir in books
The picture of Dorian Gray
Oscar Wilde's the picture of Dorian Gray : a graphic novel
Mini-lessons for literature circles
When we were orphans
A little history of literature
Lord John and the hand of devils
C.S. Lewis and his circle : essays and memoirs from the Oxford C.S. Lewis Society
Moscow and Leningrad : a topographical guide to Russian cultural history. Vol. 2, Writers, painters, musicians and their gathering places
The elite
The Guernsey literary and potato peel pie society
Book clubs : women and the uses of reading in everyday life
The reading group
Telling stories in book clubs : women teachers and professional development
Bright young things
The storied life of A.J. Fikry
The alibi
A crimson warning
The company they keep : C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien as writers in community
Teacher education and the cultural imagination : autobiography, conversation, and narrative
Sharing words : theory and practice of dialogic learning
Next Chapter Book Club : a model community literacy program for people with intellectual disabilities
The Jane Austen book club
The copper beech
Scandal takes the stage
Radio modernism : literature, ethics, and the BBC, 1922-1938
The storied life of A. J. Fikry : a novel
Reading communities from salons to cyberspace
The intellectual life of the British working classes
Electronics tookit
Classic : an it girl novel
Lytton Strachey and the Bloomsbury Group : his work, their influence
Centre and periphery
THE BEAUTIFUL AND DAMNED
The cry of the sloth : the mostly tragic story of Andewn Whitaker being his collected, final, and absolutely complete writings
Good book, good library, good reading : studies in the history of the book, libraries and reading from the network Hibolire and its friends
Routine measurement of health-related quality of life in assessing cost-effectiveness in secondary health care
Playwright Maggie Delamere shuts down aristocratic males with a mere flick of her razor-sharp quill. If only they were so easy to dispatch offstage--especially Cameron, Viscount Marwood. The impossibly charismatic man seems made to test her resistance. But when writer's block and an enemy from Maggie's past simultaneously strike, Cam makes an all-too-tempting proposal . . .Cam has never offered a lady his bed without being in it . . . but Maggie needs a writer's retreat, and his manor is just the place. It's the least Cam can do for the brilliant woman who pens his favorite plays. Still, there's something more than social justice behind the relish which she skewers her gentleman characters. And as Maggie's pen and inhibitions loosen, Cam intends to unlock her secrets - one delicious revelation at a time.
All the possibilities
Farmyard from the main gate to the back of the stable
Theoretical schools and circles in the twentieth-century humanities : literary theory, history, philosophy
All I want is everything : a gossip girl novel
Mrs. Dalloway
The interpretation of murder
Mrs Dalloway
Tarantula's web : John Hayward, T.S. Eliot and their circle
London, January 1946, emerging from the shadow of the Second World War, writer Juliet Ashton is looking for her next book subject. She finds it in a letter from a man she's never met, a native of the island of Guernsey, who has come across her name written inside a book by Charles Lamb. As Juliet and her new correspondent exchange letters, Juliet is drawn into the world of this man and his friends. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was born as a spur-of-the-moment alibi when its members were discovered breaking curfew by the Germans occupying their island.
Songs of contentment and transgression : discharged officials and literati communities in sixteenth-century north China
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
My last duchess
The reading group handbook : everything you need to know to start your own book club
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
The blind assassin
Impure worlds : the institution of literature in the age of the novel
The One
Abstract (s. 5-7).
The collected works of A. J. Fikry
Killing Monica
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Reading is both a social process and a social formation, as this book illustrates across centuries and cultural contexts. Highlighting links evident in reading communities from literary salons to online environments, each essay reflects the rich repertoire of research methods available to reading scholars.
You know you love me : a gossip girl novel
Mrs Jeffries on the ball
