http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17477 disinfection
disinfection
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Leuven, Belgium, September 13 - 18, 2009
Hygiene for management : a text for food safety courses
A study of microflora of museum textiles and methods of their disinfection and prophylaxis
A review of sterilization and disinfection : as applied to medical, industrial and laboratory practice
Microbial growth and chemical quality in finnish drinking waters
Emerging nursing care of vulnerable populations ; Contemporary infection control for nurses
Disinfection by-products in drinking water : current issues
Prevention of bromine-containing disinfection by-products during drinking water treatment
Infection control in the health care sector. Part 10, Requirements for cleaning
Susceptibility of Listeria monocytogenes strains to disinfectants and chlorinated alkaline cleaners at cold temperatures
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
Fungicides used on leather
Ultraviolet disinfection of filtered effluents for reuse in irrigation : a possibility to increase water resources in Saudi Arabia
"An abridgement of the reference work Water Treatment, 3rd Edition by the same team of authors, this  Student Edition maintains the same quality writing, illustrations, and worked examples as the larger book, but in a more manageable and inexpensive format. All topics are discussed from the ground up, from the basic fundamentals of water chemistry, to filtration, to the design of treatment trains. Designed specifically for civil or environmental engineering students, this edition includes end-of-chapter review questions, chapter summaries, a new glossary, and a solutions manual available online"--
"This book effectively combines the chemical, physical, biological and engineering principles of water disinfection in one text. Discussing both conventional and novel techniques used for disinfection and the economics involved, the book gives a comprehensive review of various physical, chemical, and hybrid techniques used for disinfection to create potable water, including mode of action, scale of operation, efficacy, merits, and drawbacks. The authors highlight their novel work on cavitation for water disinfection, an economical, energy efficient, and simple alternative to the conventional methods of disinfection"--
Terveydenhuollon hyvät hygieniakäytännöt = Goda hygienrutiner inom hälsovården = Good hygiene practices in health care
Perioperative patient care : the nursing perspective
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
The effect of ozonation on the chemical quality of drinking water
Manual for training of extension workers and farmers : alternatives to methyl bromide for soil fumigation
Ozone treatment of circulation waters and effluents in the pulp and paper indusrty : removal of resin acids, EDTA and microorganisms
Practical wastewater treatment
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Microbiology and infection control for health professionals
Inactivation of murine norovirus on food processing surfaces
Bactericidal efficiencies of commercial disinfectants against Listeria monocytogenes on surfaces
Microbial infection in dental root canal induces an inflammatory reaction called apical periodontitis. In post-treament disease, Enterococcus faecalis is the most commonly found organism, which may survive well in root canal despite calcium hydroxide paste medication. In these cases, effective irrigation or repeated chlorhexidine medication are recommended. New medications with long-lasting antimicrobial activity are needed for the treatment of persistent root canal infections. 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid (HICA) is a protein fermentation product of lactobacilli and few other bacterial or fungal species express enzymes required for its metabolism. However, mammalian cells can metabolise it and use it for protein production. It is known to be well-tolerated by humans and have anti-inflammatory properties as well. Therefore, the hypothesis was that it affects microbe-specific metabolic pathways and have potential as a novel antimicrobial agent. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antibacterial and antifungal spectrum of HICA using in vitro microdilution methods for susceptibility testing and an ex vivo extracted tooth root canal infection-model. The impact of dentine on the antimicrobial activity of HICA was also evaluated. The results showed that HICA has broad-spectrum bactericidal activity for gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. It is also fungicidal for several fungal species and it is only marginally inactivated by clinically-relevant concentrations of dentine. It is at least as active against E. faecalis as presently-used interappointment medications in infected root canals after a seven-day incubation ex vivo. Since HICA has a broad-spectrum and long-term antimicrobial activity as well as an anti-inflammatory effect, it may be a useful new agent for clinical endodontology. However, controlled clinical studies are needed for evaluation of the efficacy of HICA in clinical conditions.
Antimicrobial activity and suitability of 2-hydroxyisocaproic acid for the treatment of root canal infections
Disinfection in veterinary and farm animal practice
Synthesis and analyses of mutagenic chlorohydroxyfuranones and related compounds : by-products of chlorine disinfection of drinking water and chlorine bleaching of pulp
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium : Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Clean air solutions in food processing
Disinfection of wastewater using TiO2 semiconductor photochemistry
Mutagenic activity and chlorinated by-products in disinfected waters
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Turin, Italy, July 13-17, 2014
Principles of water treatment
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
Proceedings of the VIth International Strawberry Symposium : Volume 2 : Huelva, Spain, March 3-7, 2008
DairyNet : hygiene control in Nordic dairies
Cleanroom microbiology for the non-microbiologist
Care and handling of surgical instruments
Effective hand hygiene
Introduction to contamination control and cleanroom technology
Sterilization of medical supplies by steam. Vol. 1 : General theory
Accommodation and cleaning services : volume 1 : operations
Surgical site skin desinfection : desired guideline
Disinfection, sterilization, and preservation
Global report on validated alternatives to the use of methyl bromide for soil fumigation
This book is a comprehensive source for technical information regarding ultraviolet germicidal irradiation (UVGI) and its application to air and surface disinfection for the control of pathogens and allergens. The primary focus is on airborne microbes and surface contamination applications for hospitals, commercial facilities, and residential homes. All aspects of UVGI systems, including design methods, sizing methods, modeling, safety, installation, testing, guidelines, and disinfection theory are addressed in detail. An extensive database of over six hundred UV rate constant studies is included as well as tabular performance data for UV lamps and products. Providing this information in one single source simplifies the design and installation of UVGI systems, helps guarantee effective performance of new systems, and facilitates their use on a wide scale for the purpose of improving human health. This book is organized to provide systematic coverage of all related issues and will serve equally well as both a textbook and a handbook for general reference.
Evaluation of sanitation procedures for use in dairies
Disinfectant- and antibiotic resistant bacteria from food and clinical environments
Nordic Hug, Pure Form : Disinfection and Cleaning Packaging Solutions for Touch Screen Devices
Baking soda : over 500 fabulous, fun and frugal uses you've probably never thought of
White's handbook of chlorination and alternative disinfectants
WHO guidelines on hand hygiene in health care : first global patient safety challenge : clean care is safer care
Contamination control in practice : filtration and sterilisation
Microbiology for nurses : applications to patient care
UVC irradiation based water treatment : a study of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation handbook : UVGI for air and surface disinfection
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation - SD 2004 : Corfu, Greece, October 4-8, 2004
Biofilm formation and its elimination from food processing equipment
Effects of conventional treatment, tertiary treatment and disinfection processes on hygienic and physico-chemical quality of municipal wastewaters
Laboratory safety : principles and practices
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).
Disinfection practices in urban water supply in Ethiopia
Principles and practice of disinfection, preservation and sterilisation
Small sterilizers in Finnish health care ; translation: Mervi Moisander
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Adaptive and cross-adaptive responses of persistent and non-persistent and non-persistent Listeria monocytogenes strains to disingectants
Hospital-associated infections and the safety of alcohol hand gels in children
Preoperative skin preparation
3rd International symposium on soil disinfestation, Leuven, Belgium, 26-30 September 1988
Drinking water disinfection techniques
Microbiology : principles and explorations
Microbial growth in granular activated carbon (GAC) treated disinfected water
Sanitation: cleaning and disinfection in the food industry
Assessment of enzymatic cleaning agents and disinfectants against bacterial biofilms
Infection control in clinical practice
Disinfection and sterilization
Fundamentals of water treatment unit processes : physical, chemical, and biological
Preservatives for cosmetics
Handbook of hygiene control in the food industry
Cleaning-in place : dairy, food and beverage operations
Efficacy of disinfectants to reduce Listeria monocytogenes on precut iceberg lettuce
