http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17462 ecumenical councils
ecumenical councils ecumenical synods
The documents of Vatican II
Existence as prayer : the consciousness of Christ in the theology of Hans Urs Von Balthasar
Photian and Byzantine ecclesiastical studies
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 2
The ecumenical councils of the Catholic Church : a history
Human language and knowledge in the light of Chalcedon
The Stockholm Conference 1925 : the official report of the Universal Christian Conference on Life and Work held in Stockholm, 19-30 August, 1925
Early Christian doctrines
Constantine's Bible : politics and the making of the New Testament
Voting about God in early church councils
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 2
The Council of Constantinople of 553 (often called Constantinople II or the Fifth Ecumenical Council) has been described as 'by far the most problematic of all the councils', because it condemned two of the greatest biblical scholars and commentators of the patristic era - Origen and Theodore of Mopsuestia - and because the pope of the day, Vigilius, first condemned the council and then confirmed its decisions only under duress. The present edition makes accessible to the modern reader the acts of the council, session by session, and the most important related documents, particularly those that reveal the shifting stance of Pope Vigilius, veering between heroic resistance and abject compliance. The accompanying commentary and substantial introduction provide a background narrative of developments since Chalcedon, a full analysis of the policy of the emperor Justinian (who summoned and dominated the council) and of the issues in the debate, and information on the complex history of both the text and the council's reception. The editor argues that the work of the council deserves a more sympathetic evaluation that it has generally received in western Christendom, since it arguably clarified rather than distorted the message of Chalcedon and influenced the whole subsequent tradition of eastern Orthodoxy. In interpreting Chalcedon the conciliar acts provide a fascinating example of how a society - in this case the imperial Church of Byzantium - determines its identity by how it understands its past.
Retrieving Nicaea : the development and meaning of Trinitarian doctrine
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 4
Encyclopedia of the major saints and fathers of the Orthodox Church. Vol. 1
Jesus wars : how four patriarchs, three queens, and two emperors decided what Christians would believe for the next 1,500 years
His broken body : understanding and healing the schism between the Roman Catholic and Eastern orthodox churches (an orthodox perspective)
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 3
The ecumenical councils in the life of the church
Decrees of the ecumenical councils
Jesus Wars reveals how official, orthodox teaching about Jesus was the product of political maneuvers by a handful of key characters in the fifth century. Jenkins argues that were it not for these controversies, the papacy as we know it would never have come into existence and that today's church could be teaching some-thing very different about Jesus. It is only an accident of history that one group of Roman emperors and militia-wielding bishops defeated another faction. --from publisher description.
The ecumenical councils
Images of the divine : the theology of icons at the Seventh Ecumenical Council
The Maronites in history
The Synodicon vetus
The mode of theological decision making at the early ecumenical councils : an inquiry into the function of Scripture and tradition at the Councils of Nicaea and Ephesus
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 1
Existence as Prayer: The Consciousness of Christ in the Theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar explores a major and controversial aspect of the thought of the Swiss theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar, the question of Christ's human consciousness. Although this issue is often cited in studies of Balthasar's theology, Mark L. Yenson analyzes it as a nexus for understanding the broader dynamics of Christology, Trinitarian theology, anthropology, and metaphysics in Balthasar's works. Rather than providing mere exposition, Yenson sets Balthasar's approach to Christ's consciousness against the background of the Council of Chalcedon and its reception, culminating in the all-embracing Christological vision of the great Byzantine thinker Maximus the Confessor. Balthasar's groundbreaking study of Maximus, Cosmic Liturgy, is shown to provide some important keys to Balthasar's later thought, and reveals Maximus as a vital resource for modern Christology. While this study is a significant contribution to the critical discussion of Balthasar's work, it will also serve as a valuable resource for anyone engaged in Christology. It will be extremely useful in advanced courses on Balthasar, classical Christology and its reception, and contemporary Christological questions.
Khaled Anatolios offers a historically informed theological study of the development of the doctrine of the Trinity, showing its relevance to Christian life and thought today. --from publisher description
Churches respond to BEM : official responses to the "Baptism, Eucharist and Ministry" text. 5
Truly divine and truly human : the story of Christ and the seven ecumenical councils
The Church in the purpose of God : an introduction to the work of the Commission on Faith and Order of the World Council of Churches, in preparation for the Third World Conference on Faith and Order to be held at Lund, Sweden in 1952
The acts of the Council of Constantinople of 553 : with related texts on the Three Chapters Controversy
Uppsala to Nairobi, 1968-1975 : Report of the Central Committee to the 5th Assembly of the World Council of Churches
Severus of Antioch
