http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17415 mambo (dance music)
mambo (dance music)
Soundtrack selections from the Mambo Kings
Bossa n' Stones. 2, The 2nd electro-bossa songbook of The Rolling Stones
How to dance : step-by-step
Smash 3 2lp
Mambo! and more
Watch out! = Ten cuidao!
The hit sound of Xavier Cugat
Top percussion ; Dance mania
Mardi Gras Mambo : Cubanismo in New Orleans : featuring John Boutté and The Yockamo All-Stars
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
Mambo with Tjader
Cuban fire : the story of salsa and Latin jazz
Fundamentals of Latin music for the rhythm section
Exploring Latin piano : South-American, Cuban and Spanish rhythms for the intermediate pianist
Latin bass : The essential guide to Afro-Cuban and Brazilian styles
The Mambo Kings play songs of love
The Mambo kings : music from and inspired by the motion picture
Our man in Havana : very best of Perez Prado
Learn to play... Latin piano : authentic salsa, mambo, bossa nova, samba and more!
Latin jazz : play-a-long book and CD set for all instrumentalists
Nu Yorica roots! : The rise of Latin music in New York City in the 1960s
Subway salsa : the Montuno Records story
Salsa : musical heartbeat of Latin America
The original mambo kings : an introduction to Afro-Cubop 1948-1954
Nigeria freedom sounds! : popular music and the birth of independent Nigeria 1960-63
Joe McCarthy's afro-cuban big band play-along series
Cuba and its music : from the first drums to the mambo
Mambo! : Xavier Cugat and his Orchestra, volume 2
The real... Pérez Prado : the ultimate collection
The latin tinge : the impact of Latin American music on the United States
Spanish grease ; Uno dos tres 1 2 3
Essential styles for the drummer and bassist : 1 : a cross section of styles as played by todayś top artists
The essence of Afro-Cuban percussion & drum set
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
The Mambo Kings : selections from the original motion picture soundtrack
National rhythms, African roots : the deep history of Latin American popular dance
The Mambo Kings
The Mambo Kings : Music from and inspired by the motion picture
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
The Latin Tinge : the impact of Latin American Music on the United States
The Arabic manuscripts of the Zanzibar National Archives : a checklist
From mambo to hip hop : a South Bronx tale
Ultra-lounge. Volume nine : Cha-cha de amor / From Mamboland to Bossa Novaville
On Broadway [Äänite] : Tito Puente and his Latin ensemble
Get off it and rock it.
Around the world with Señor Coconut and His Orchestra
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
Building websites with Mambo : a step by step turorial
From the drum to the synthesizer
The rough guide to mambo : dance the mambo : driving rhythm & swinging horns
Lovestruck romeos
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Tropical brainstorm
Cuban originals
The Mambo kings : selections from the original motion picture soundtrack
Mama Lola : a Vodou priestess in Brooklyn
Ritmos cubanos : traditionelle und populäre Rhythmen aus Cuba für Congas und cubanische Rhythmus-Instrumente : Geschichte, Formen, Noten = traditional and popular rhythms from Cuba for congas and Cuban rhythm instruments : history, forms, music
Bossa n' Ramones : the electro-bossa and e-mambo songbook of The Ramones
Cuba : your passport to a new world of music
How to dance!
Rumba blues : the mambo years
Mucho macho
900 degrees of shade : hot jump-up island sounds from the Caribbean
The world of ballroom dance
