http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17456 Eurasian jay
Eurasian jay Garrulus glandarius
Noncooperative breeding in the California scrub-jay
Researching intimacy in families
Fotofinlandia '96 : Raakkel Närhi created a prizewinning portrait of her American aunt with a laser copier
What happens in the relationship between audience and performer? What choices are made in the space of performance about how we attend to others? A Strange Proximity examines stage presence as key to thinking about performance and ethics. It is the first phenomenological account of ethics generated from, rather than applied to, contemporary theatrical productions. The ethical possibilities of the stage, argues Jon Foley Sherman, rest not so much in its objects - the performers and the show itself - as in the "how" of attending to others. A Strange Proximity is a unique perspective on the implications of attention in performance.
A strange proximity : stage presence, failure, and the ethics of attention
What makes us travel and keep on talking about it
Performing proximity : curious intimacies
Communicating with the cow : human-animal interaction in written narratives
Loss and fragmentation of Siberian jay (Perisoreus infaustus) habitats
Intimacy across visceral and digital performance
Intimacy and friendship on Facebook
How does proximity between audiences and performers change the nature of live performance? How does it feel? How long can it last? How close is too close? Exploring the rise of close encounter, immersive productions that shine a light on performer-audience relationships, this book considers the impact of space and proximity in live performance. Drawing on their experience as internationally acclaimed performance artists, Leslie Hill and Helen Paris richly document their creative processes, performances and audience's responses in a series of illuminating case studies. Relating their practice to wider issues in contemporary performance and detailing workshop exercises that aid performance making, this unique fusion of artistic and academic reflection is crucial reading for students, scholars and practitioners alike.
