http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17436 survivors' pensions
survivors' pensions dependants' pensions
Working hours and the family : working preferences/economic incentives/childcare and divorce/retirement and time-use = Arbejdstid og familien : arbejdstidsønsker/arbejdstid og skat/børn og skilsmisse/pensionering og samvær
The nordic model of welfare : a historical reappraisal
Pension policy responses to changing division of labour within the family
Social protection in the member states of the European Union : situation on .... and evolution
Social security, household and family dynamics in ageing societies
English summary.
Families and retirement
Family and the welfare state in Europe : intergenerational relations in ageing societies
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2014 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2014.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2013 = FPA:s statistiska årsbok 2013 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2013.
Introduction to European social security law
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2012 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2012 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2012.
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2009 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2009 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2009.
Summary.
Family, market and community : equity and efficiency in social policy
Kansaneläkelaitoksen tilastollinen vuosikirja = FPAs statistiska årsbok = Statistical yearbook of the Social insurance institution. 2005
Gender, pensions and the lifecourse : how pensions need to adapt to changing family forms
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
The economics of social policy
Three decades of working conditions : findings of Finnish Quality of Work Life Surveys 1977-2008
Too close to the edge
The welfare state in the European Union : economic and social perspectives
Social policy in tandem with the labour market in the European Union
Why not start younger? : implications of the timing and duration of schooling for fertility, human capital, productivity, and public pensions
Summary (s. 6).
Transformations of the welfare state : small countries, big lessons
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2011 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2011 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2011.
Labour force behaviour of elderly two adult households : evidence from EU-countries
Reforming the Bismarckian welfare systems
Letting go : preparing yourself to relinquish control of the family business
Overview : the income security programs of health and welfare Canada : old age security, Canada pension plan, family allowances = Tour d'horizon : les programmes de la sécurité du revenu de sante et bien-être social Canada : sécurité de la vieillesse, régime de pensions du Canada, allocations familiales
Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja 2010 = FPAs statistiska årsbok 2010 = Statistical yearbook of the Social Insurance Institution 2010.
Associations of SF-36 mental health functioning and work and family related factors with intentions to retire early among employees
Changing division of labour within the family and the responses of pension policy
Abstract (1 s.).
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Social and health policies in OECD countries : a survey of current programmes and recent developments
