http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17441 humanistic sciences
humanistic sciences
Middle Eastern and Central Asian Studies
Humanities handbook
Library problems in the humanities : case studies in reference services, collection building, and management
Human reliability analysis methods for probabilistic safety assessment
Applying the humanities
Humanities - essential research for Europe
Reflections on humanities studies
Directory of fellowship awards for the years 1917-1950 : The Rockefeller Foundation
Standing with the public : the humanities and democratic practice
Humanistien sijoittumisesta opettaja-ammatin ulkopuolelle = Om humanisterans placering i yrkeslivet utanför läraryrket = Graduates in humanities and their placement in occupations outside the field of teaching
Theorizing feminism : parallel trends in the humanities and social sciences
What's happened to the humanities?
The Yale conference on Baltic and Scandinavian studies : 13th-15th March 2014, New Haven, Connecticut, U.S.A
Ethnomethodology and the human sciences
Hermeneutica : computer-assisted interpretation in the humanities
Exploring reality
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 5, part 2, Humanities 1980-82
Digital humanities 2008 : the 20th Joint International Conference of the Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing, and the Association for Computers and the Humanities and the 1st Joint International Conference of the Association for Literary and Linguistic Computing, the Association for Computers and the Humanities, and the Society for Digital Humanities - Société pour l'étude des médias interactifs : University of Oulu, Finland 24-29 June, 2008 : conference abstracts
Postmodernism and the search for enlightenment
From full-text article databases to digitized collections of primary source materials, newly emerging electronic resources have radically impacted how research in the humanities is conducted and discovered. This book, covering high-quality, up-to-date electronic resources for the humanities, is an easy-to-use annotated guide for the librarian, student, and scholar alike. It covers online databases, indexes, archives, and many other critical tools in key humanities disciplines, including philosophy, religion, languages and literature, and performing and visual arts. Succinct overviews of key emerging trends in electronic resources accompany each chapter.
"With increasing interest being shown in participatory research models, whether it be Wikipedia, World of Warcraft, participatory writing (like Montfort et al's 10 Print or Laurel et al's Design Research) or the more traditional communal research cultures of the arts collective or engineering lab, the Humanities is increasingly relying on computational tools to do the 'heavy lifting' necessary to process all of this information. Hermeneuti.ca, as its name implies, is about hermeneutical things--the computing tools of research that are usually hidden--how to use them, and how they are interpretative objects to be understood. Hermeneuti.ca is both a book and also a web site (http://hermeneuti.ca) that shows the interactive text analysis tools woven into the book. Essentially, Hermeneuti.ca is both a text about computer-assisted methods and a collection of analytical tools called Voyant (http://voyant-tools.org) that instantiate the authors ideas. While there is a definitely an emphasis on classic Digital Humanities work (corpus analysis, information retrieval, etc.), there is also a focus on the development of software as part of a project of knowledge that encompasses the idea of software as an active part of knowledge production that brings this book into the Software Studies series"--Provided by publisher.
Voices and visions of aging : toward a critical gerontology
The humanities computing yearbook 1989-90 : a comprehensive guide to software and other resources
Introduction to the human sciences : an attempt to lay a foundation for the study of society and history
The postmodern challenge : perspectives East and West
Horticulture: plants for people and places. Volume 3, Social horticulture
The goals of knowledge, theory, empirism : a humanistic research course in Uppsala
The making of the humanities
The politics of research
Humanities for all : teaching humanities in the secondary school
A guide to computer applications in the humanities
Information needs in the humanities : an assessment
Piaget, philosophy and the human sciences
New approaches in the urban humanities
Dialogue and universalism : metaphilosophy as the wisdom of science, art and life
The impact of Michel Foucault on the social sciences and humanities
Journal of Postcolonial Writing
Understanding nature : case studies in comparative epistemology
Repertorium siglorum : acronyms and abbreviations in philology and related subjects = sigles et abréviations en études anciennes et dans les sujets connexes
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 14, pt. 2, Humanities 2001-02
The humanities : publications within the fields of history, philology, literature, philosophy, archeology and art history published 1917-1981 by the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters
Travelling concepts in the humanities : a rough guide / Mieke Bal
The value of the humanities
The persistence of reality. 2, Science without unity : reconciling the human and natural sciences
Texts and dialogues
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 9, part 2, Humanities 1991-92
Application of mathematical methods and computers in social sciences : international bibliographical index 1975-1977 = Primenenie matematičeskih metodov i ÈVM v obŝestvennyh naukah : meždunarodnyj bibliografičeskij ukazatel' 1975-1977
Interpretation in the humanities
Smithsonian research opportunities : science, fine arts, history : 1966-1967
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 8, part 2, Humanities 1989-90
International journal of sino-western studies
European research Socio-economic Sciences and Humanities : list of projects 2007-2010 : seventh Research Framework Programme
Trames : journal of the humanities and social sciences
Handbook of the humanities and aging
Encyclopaedia of research methodology in social sciences and humanities
Social sciences and humanities in Russia : annotated bibliography
EU research on social sciences and humanities : social sciences in the European research area - for the development of the research agenda
Volume three of Horticulture - Plants for People and Places analyses in depth the scientific and scholastic concepts interacting with the arts, medicine and humanities which now underpin the rapidly evolving subject of Social Horticulture. This covers: Horticulture and Society, Diet and Health, Psychological Health, Wildlife, Horticulture and Public Welfare, Education, Extension, Economics, Exports and Biosecurity, Scholarship and Art, Scholarship and Literature, Scholarship and History and the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. This volume takes the evolution of this Discipline firmly into the 21st Century. It breaks new ground by providing a detailed analysis of the value of Horticulture as a force for enhancing society in the form of human welfare, health and well-being. The authors consider how knowledge is transferred within and between generations, and the place of Horticulture in the Arts and Humanities.These studies transcend the barriers between science and the arts. Social benefits of an association with plants include reducing the potential for domestic violence, vandalism, ethnic conflict and crime by building interpersonal social relationships and networks. Two chapters examine the means by which knowledge is delivered and the wider contexts within which Horticultural Education is provided. Understanding the Economics of Horticulture is of paramount importance in justifying public and private financial provisions for the discipline. Biosecurity is not easily achieved because global travel takes new plants, microbes and animals around the world at ever increasing speed. Of particular significance in this volume are the three chapters dealing with aspects of the relationship between Horticulture and scholarship embracing art, literature and history. This is an ancient relationship where Horticultural Science unites with and demonstrates its artistic and historical credentials.Finally, there is an examination of the relationship between Horticulture and Gardening. Culturally gardening has much to do with the relationship between man, plants and the human spirit. It is a truism that 'Horticulture is to English Literature as Gardening is to Theatre'. This book is a sign post for the future of Social Horticulture.
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 13, pt. 2, Humanities 1999-2000
Turn of the century man in discourse on the humanities : first joint seminar, Arbavere 7th-9th October, 1995 : abstracts
Meaning and Interpretation : conference held in Stockholm, September 24-26 1998
The Fontana history of the human sciences
Transactions of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences
Scholarship and technology in the humanities : proceedings of a conference held at Elvetham Hall, Hampshire, UK, 9th-12th May 1990
Landscapes of a new cultural economy of space
A new history of the humanities : the search for principles and patterns from Antiquity to the present
Popper and the human science
The concept of obscurity in humanist polemics of the early sixteenth century
Discovering online resources across the humanities : a practical implementation of the Dublin Core
Information technology in humanities scholarship: achievements, prospects, and challenges : the United States focus
A companion to digital humanities
Trames : a journal of the humanities and social sciences
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 11, part 2, Humanities 1995-96
Methodology for the human sciences : systems of inquiry
Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, is an exploration of how the traditional educational environment, particularly in the post-secondary world, is changing as a consequence of the influx of new technology. Students come to the classroom or lecture hall expecting to have their habits and tastes, gleaned from the online world, replicated in an Educational environment. Faculty who do not adapt face enormous obstacles, and faculty that do adapt run the risk of eroding the integrity of what they have been trained to teach. Students now have access to myriad of technologies that instead of supplementing the educational process, have actually taken it over. Issues that run from plagiarism to the erosion of the humanities are now rampant concerns in the post secondary world. Behavior issues, YouTube videos, cell phones, and the incessant clicking of the computer keys are just a few of the technologies altering the educational landscape. Moss discusses that it is now not only how we learn, but what we continue to teach, and how that enormously important legacy is protected. Education and Its Discontents: Teaching, the Humanities, and the Importance of a Liberal Education in the Age of Mass Information, by Mark Moss, argues that education has changed and the supremacy of the book and the lecture is now open for debate. What has been gained over the last five hundred years is now susceptible to the vagaries of technology, which compel us to question their continuing relevance.
New movements in the social sciences and humanities
The public value of the humanities
The purpose of the book is to tie together various perspectives, insights and constructions pertaining to contemporary landscapes and landscape representations from different theoretical and methodological positions as well as from diverse geographical and historical contexts in order to elucidate and illustrate processes of cultural transformation inscribed in space. The unifying theme, as well as the main goal and prospective contribution then, lies in the exploration of these developing forces and characteristics of the new cultural economy of space in the contemporary landscape(s).The primary objective of bringing together geographical perspectives from various subdisciplinary fields is to examine and discuss ways in which the complexities of this newly-emerging cultural economy of space are applied on various sorts of landscapes, i.e. urban and rural landscapes, landscapes of everyday life, landscapes of tourism and recreation, postcolonial and hybrid landscapes, landscapes of economic production, landscapes of the street and of public life, "national landscapes" and so on. The overarching question, thus, is: how do these processes work in different geographical contexts and contribute to place and landscape creation?
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 4, part 2, Humanities 1978-79
The crisis of the human sciences : false objectivity and the decline of creativity
Networking in the humanities : proceedings of the second Conference on Scholarship and Technology in the Humanities held at Elvetham Hall, Hampshire, UK, 13-16 April, 1994 : papers in honour of Michael Smethurst for his 60th birthday
The Edition XII guide to postgraduate humanities programmes in Europe 1994.
The sciences and the humanities : conflict and reconciliation
Selected works. Vol. 1, Introduction to the human sciences
In the past three decades, feminist scholars have produced an extraordinary rich body of theoretical writing in humanities and social science disciplines. This revised and updated second edition of Theorizing Feminism: Parallel Trends in the Humanities and Social Sciences, is a genuinely interdisciplinary anthology of significant contributions to feminist theory.This timely reader is creatively edited, and contains insightful introductory material. It illuminates the historical development of feminist theory as well as the current state of the field. Emphasizing common themes and interests in the humanities and social sciences, the editors have chosen topics that remain relevant to current debates, reflect the interests of a diverse community of thinkers, and have been central to feminist theory in many disciplines.The contributors include leading figures from the fields of psychology, literary criticism, sociology, philosophy, anthropology, art history, law, and economics. This is the ideal text for any advanced course on interdisciplinary feminist theory, one that fills a long-standing gap in feminist pedagogy.
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 6, part 2, Humanities 1983-86
European research socio-economic sciences and humanities : list of projects 2007-2009
Rethinking the university : leverage and deconstruction
Angelaki : journal of the theoretical humanities
A Practical guide to electronic resources in the humanities
Catalogue of Annales Academiae Scientiarum Fennicae, series B and Dissertationes Humanarum Litterarum
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 12, part 2, Humanities 1997-98
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 10, part 2, Humanities 1993-94
Muses and measures : empirical research methods for the humanities
Humanities graduates and the world of work
The object of study in the humanities : proceedings from the seminar at the University of Copenhagen, September 2001
Reference work in the humanities
Topics of our time : twentieth-century issues in learning and in art
Humanities information : cultural heritage and humanities research : problems and possibilities in the light of new technology
Modes of comparison : theory & practice
Education and its discontents : teaching, the humanities, and the importance of a liberal in the age of mass communication
An introductory bibliography for Japanese studies. Vol. 3, part 2, Humanities 1976-77
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
