http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17416 cultural theories
cultural theories
Cultural theory : the key concepts
The whole creature : complexity, biosemiotics and the evolution of culture
A critical analysis of the autonomy of art in Finnish cultural policy 1978-2011
Handbook of sociocultural anthropology
African presence in early Asia
Culture theory
Freud's theory of culture : eros, loss, and politics
Jean François Lyotard : critical evaluations in cultural theory. Vol. 1, Aesthetics
Noted political and cultural theorist Slavoj Žižek and contemporary Chinese scholars share the challenge of reconciling barely compatible if not contradictory ideas. China's radical assumption of both socialist and capitalist ideologies as well as its increasing economic and political prominence make it a crucial subject for theorizing about global modernity. This issue offers an interdisciplinary, international examination of how Žižek's work has been received and interpreted by Chinese intellectuals and includes two essays on China by Žižek himself. In “Revolutionary Terror” and “Three Notes on China: Past and Present,” Žižek combines Confucianism, Lacanian psychoanalysis, Marxist political theory, Hegelian dialectics, and Kantian ethics with opera, literature, cinema, popular culture, and off-color jokes to critique both “really existing socialism and really existing capitalism” in historical and contemporary China. Responding to Žižek, one contributor considers China from the perspective of the Chinese intellectual who is simultaneously inspired by China's rapid changes and anxious about the growing commodification of ideas and interference by state censorship. Others apply Žižek's theories to Christianity in China; to the relationship among mainland China, Taiwan, and the Japanese colonial past; and to the continuing political value of Marxist ideology in what is, increasingly, a de facto capitalist state. In the interplay of Eastern and Western perspectives, this issue seeks to open new dialogues on the rich theoretical promise of China's global dynamism and inner tensions.
Since the so-called dematerialization of currencies and art practices in the late 1960s and early 1970, we have witnessed a move into what Joshua Simon calls an economy of neomaterialism. With this, several shifts have occurred: the focus of labor has moved from production to consumption, the commodity has become the historical subject, and symbols now behave like materials. Neomaterialism explores the meaning of the world of commodities, and reintroduces various notions of dialectical materialism into the conversation on the subjectivity and vitalism of things. Here, Simon advocates for the unreadymade, sentimental value, and the promise of the dividual as a means for a vocabulary in this new economy of meaning. Reflecting on general intellect as labor and the subjugation of an overqualified generation to the neofeudal order of debt finance—with a particular focus on dispossession and rent economy, post-appropriation display strategies and negation, the barricade and capital's technocratic fascisms—Neomaterialism merges traditions of epic communism with the communism that is already here.--
On criticism
Freud and the institution of psychoanalytic knowledge
Cultural sociology from concern to distance
The year's work in critical and cultural theory. 4, 1994
Twentieth-century European cultural theorists : second series
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Body, epistemology, interpretation : Friedrich Nietzsche and Karl Kerényi
Routledge handbook of social and cultural theory
Being there : new perspectives on phenomenology and the analysis of culture
Globalization and culture
Social research after the cultural turn
History and cultural theory
Cultural theory : the key concepts / edited by Andrew Edgar and Peter Sedgwick
They came before Columbus
Anthropology and social theory : culture, power, and the acting subject
Connected, or, What it means to live in the network society
A critical and cultural theory reader
Leaps and bounds : towards an integrative theory of cultural evolution
The theory toolbox : critical concepts for the humanities, arts, and social sciences
The body language : the meaning of modern sport
The evolution of everything : how new ideas emerge
Primitive society
Michel de Certeau : analysing culture
African presence in early Europe
Cultural theory as political science
The new media handbook
Grasping the changing world : anthropological concepts in the postmodern era
Walter Benjamin : critical evaluations in cultural theory. Volume 3, Appropriations
Towards cultural citizenship : tools for cultural policy and development
The Chinese perspective on Zizek and Zizek's perspective on China
How to do things with cultural theory
Durkheim and postmodern culture
Old masks, new faces : religion and Latino identities
School library: a tool for developing the school’s operating culture
Unnatural : techno-theory for a contaminated culture
"The introductory volume to the Franz Boas Papers: Documentary Edition, which examines Boas' stature as public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography and activism"--
Anthropology beyond culture
Meaning in action : outline of an integral theory of culture
Postcolonialisms : an anthology of cultural theory and criticism
Borderland experiences in Amy Tan's The Joy Luck Club
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
Ghosts of my life : writings on depression, hauntology and lost futures
The cultural study of music : a theoretical and methodological introduction
Incorporating cultural theory : maternity at the millennium
Exploring the common ground : sensus communis, humor and the interpretation of comic poetry
Philosophy in cultural theory
After theory
"This inaugural volume of The Franz Boas Papers Documentary Edition series presents current scholarship from the various academic disciplines that were shaped and continue to be influenced by Franz Boas (1858-1942). Few of Boas's intellectual progeny span the range of his disciplinary and public engagements. In his later career, Boas moved beyond Native American studies to become a public intellectual and advocate for social justice, particularly with reference to racism against African Americans and Jews and discrimination against women in science. He was a passionate defender of academic freedom, rigorous scholarship, and anthropology as a humane calling. The Franz Boas Papers, Volume 1 examines Boas's stature as a public intellectual in three crucial dimensions: theory, ethnography, and activism. The volume's contributors move across many of the disciplines within which Boas himself worked, bringing to bear their expertise in Native studies, anthropology, history, linguistics, folklore, ethnomusicology, museum studies, comparative literature, English, film studies, philosophy, and journalism. This volume demonstrates a contemporary urgency to reassessing Boas both within the field of anthropology and beyond. "--
Dictionary of literary biography. Vol. 242, Twentieth-century European cultural theorists : first series
Culture matters : essays in honor of Aaron Wildavsky
The popular avant-garde
Ireland and postcolonial theory
Key issues in critical and cultural theory
Estonian approaches to culture theory
The Franz Boas papers : Franz Boas as public intellectual : theory, ethnography, activism
Culture and materialism : selected essays
The indivisible remainder : on Schelling and related matters
Marx : the first hundred years
"A book that makes the case for evolution over design and skewers a widespread but dangerous myth: that we have ultimate control over our world"--
Cultural materialism : on Raymond Williams
Hegemony and revolution : a study of Antonio Gramsei's political and cultural theory
New perspectives on Native North America : cultures, histories, and representations
The ape and the sushi master : cultural reflections of a primatologist
Deleuze and Guattari : critical assessments of leading philosophers. Vol. 1, Deleuze
As radical as reality itself : essays on Marxism and art for the 21st century
An introductory guide to cultural theory and popular culture
Walter Benjamin : critical evaluations in cultural theory. Volume 2, Modernity
For a critique of the political economy of the sign
Things beyond resemblance : collected essays on Theodor W. Adorno
Undisciplined theory
Cultural identity gaps : a study of Zadie Smith's novels White teeth (2001) and On beauty (2006)
Classic anthropology : critical essays: 1944-1996
"In this paper, four theories on the causes of civil war are reviewed. One theory, associated with Paul Collier, emphasises feasibility over factors related to grievance. A second theory, espoused by Frances Stewart, focuses on the role of horizontal inequalities. The third theory, identified with William Zartman, highlights the different roles “need, creed and greed” factors play in various phases of a conflict. And the fourth theory, associated with the World Bank / World Development Report 2011, points out “commitment” problems leading to institutional failures as a crucial factor. Each of the theories leads to quite different policy conclusions. Their strengths and weaknesses, and their claimed empirical support, are discussed.In addition, some of the mechanisms underpinning the theories are highlighted on the basis of empirical data. In particular, the central role of horizontal inequalities between social groups is discussed." --Publisher's description.
"The New York Times bestselling author of The Rational Optimist and Genome returns with a fascinating, brilliant argument for evolution that definitively dispels a dangerous, widespread myth: that we can command and control our world.The Evolution of Everything is about bottom-up order and its enemy, the top-down twitch--the endless fascination human beings have for design rather than evolution, for direction rather than emergence. Drawing on anecdotes from science, economics, history, politics and philosophy, Matt Ridley's wide-ranging, highly opinionated opus demolishes conventional assumptions that major scientific and social imperatives are dictated by those on high, whether in government, business, academia, or morality. On the contrary, our most important achievements develop from the bottom up. Patterns emerge, trends evolve. Just as skeins of geese form Vs in the sky without meaning to, and termites build mud cathedrals without architects, so brains take shape without brain-makers, learning can happen without teaching and morality changes without a plan.Although we neglect, defy and ignore them, bottom-up trends shape the world. The growth of technology, the sanitation-driven health revolution, the quadrupling of farm yields so that more land can be released for nature--these were largely emergent phenomena, as were the Internet, the mobile phone revolution, and the rise of Asia. Ridley demolishes the arguments for design and effectively makes the case for evolution in the universe, morality, genes, the economy, culture, technology, the mind, personality, population, education, history, government, God, money, and the future.As compelling as it is controversial, authoritative as it is ambitious, Ridley's stunning perspective will revolutionize the way we think about our world and how it works"--
Commentary from cognitive dichotomies to cultural discourses : Hofstede, Fougère and Moulettes in conversation : Commentary
Organization theory & design
Culture and identity
On art and literature
Contagious ideas : on evolution, culture, archaeology, and Cultural Virus Theory
The anthropology of cultural performance
Culture : a reformer's science
A concise glossary of cultural theory
The media and the academic globalization debate : theoretical analysis and critique
Symbolic forms and cultural studies : Ernst Cassirer's theory of culture
The intangibilities of form : skill and deskilling in art after the readymade
Time frames : negotiating cultural history
Baudrillard's bestiary : Baudrillard and culture
Living moments in family meetings : a process study in the family business context
The nature of cultures : a blueprint for a theory of culture genetics
The post-colonial critic : interviews, stretegies / Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak ; edited by Sarah Harasym
Fredric Jameson : Marxism, hermeneutics, postmodernism
Theodor  W. Adorno : critical evaluations in cultural theory
The cultural industries
Cultural theory and popular culture : an introduction
Cultural theory : an introduction
In the embrace of the swan : Anglo-German mythologies in literature, the visual arts and cultural theory
Inequality and identity : causes of war?
The nature of culture
What is theory? : cultural theory as discourse and dialogue
Cultural theory : the key thinkers
Technology, time and the conversations of modernity
Anthropology of/in the post-socialist world
Nation and narration / edited by Homi K. Bhabha
School library : a tool for developing the school's operating culture
Cultural studies : the basics
Hans Ulrich Obrist : interviews. 1
Bakhtin between east and west : cross-cultural transmission
A comparative case study of Sony Computer Entertainment's crisis communication efforts during two PlayStation Network crises
Alien zone : cultural theory and contemporary science fiction cinema
The Holocaust : theoretical readings
Raymond Williams : making connections
The location of culture / Homi K. Bhabha
Walter Benjamin : critical evaluations in cultural theory. Volume 1, Philosophy
Neuropolitics : thinking, culture, speed
Aesop's anthropology : a multispecies approach
The concept and dynamics of culture
"This text involves students in understanding and using the tools of critical social and literary theory from the first day of class. It is an ideal first introduction before students encounter more difficult readings from critical and postmodern perspectives. Nealon and Giroux describe key concepts and illuminate each with an engaging inquiry that asks students to consider deeper and deeper questions. Written in students' own idiom, and drawing its examples from the social world, literature, popular culture, and advertising, The Theory Toolbox offers students the language and opportunity to theorize. Updated throughout, the second edition of The Theory Toolbox includes a discussion of new media, as well as two new chapters on life and nature"--
New times : making sense of critical/cultural theory in a digital age
