http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1747 Egyptologists
Egyptologists
Egyptology and the social sciences
The buried pyramid
The life of Margaret Alice Murray : a woman's work in archaeology
The impact of Egypt on Canaan : iconographical and related studies
Human remains : metrical and non-metrical anatomical variations
Egypt's making : The origins of Ancient Egypt 5000 - 20000 BC
Egyptian legends and stories
The deeds of the disturber
The administration of Egypt in the Old Kingdom : the highest titles and their holders
Egyptian treasures : from the collections of The Brooklyn Museum
The riddle of the pyramids
Ancient records of Egypt
Egypt in the age of Cleopatra : history and society under the Ptolemies
Directing Deir el-Medina : the external administration of the necropolis
Once More with Feeling: Seth the divine trickster
The temple of Tuthmosis III : statuary and votive monuments = Światynia Totmesa III : rzeźba i obiekty wotywne
Ancient Egypt : its culture and history
The mummy returns
The Egyptian reliefs and stelae : in the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts, Moscow
Ancient Egyptian materials and industries
A companion to ancient Egypt
Ramesside studies in honour of K. A. Kitchen
The serpent on the crown
Egypt before the pharaohs : the prehistoric foundations of Egyptian civilization
Egyptian phyles in the Old Kingdom : the evolution of a system of social organization
Egyptian towns and cities
Development of religion and thought in ancient Egypt
The last camel died at noon
Governmental reforms in Old Kingdom Egypt
The tomb of queen Meryet-Amun at Thebes
Ancient records of Egypt : historical documents from the earliest times to the Persian conquest, collected edited and translated with commentary
The administration of Egypt in the late Middle Kingdom : the hieratic documents
An ancient Egyptian book of hours : (Pap. Brit. Mus. 10569)
The splendour that was Egypt
A brief description of the principal monuments
Proceedings of the Seventh International Congress of Egyptologists : Cambridge, 3-9 September 1995
Aspects of ancient Egyptian curses and blessings : conceptual background and transmission
Egypt in transition : social and religious development of Egypt in the first millennium BCE : proceedings of an international conference : Prague, September 1-4, 2009
No abstract
Ancient Egypt : anatomy of a civilization
The Egyptian Department and its excavations
Ancient Egypt : as represented in the Museum of fine arts, Boston
The lost pharaohs
The taming of a Scottish princess
Egypt under the pharaohs : a history derived entirely from the monuments
A history of Egyptian architecture : the First Intermediate Period, the Middle Kingdom and the Second Intermediate Period
Thebes in Egypt : a guide to the tombs and temples of ancient Luxor
The exodus quest
A brief study of mummies and mummification
Egyptian antiquities in the Liverpool Museum. 1, A list of the provenanced objects
The mechanics of ancient Egyptian magical practice
Magic in ancient Egypt
The ancient kingdoms of the Nile : and the doomed monuments of Nubia
Protodynastic Egypt
The encyclopedia of ancient Egypt
The mythical origin of the Egyptian temple
The last man who knew everything : Thomas Young, the anonymous polymath who proved Newton wrong, explained how we see, cured the sick, and deciphered the Rosetta Stone among other feats of genius
The great hypostyle hall at Karnak. Volume 1, Part 1, The wall reliefs
Children of the storm
The judgement of the mummy
Biographical texts from Ramessid Egypt
Egypt from myth to egyptology
A visit to ancient Egypt : life at Memphis & Saqqara, c. 500-30 B.C
Pharaoh's workers : the villagers of Deir al Medina
Funerary statuettes and model sarcophagi. 3. fascicule, (Indices et planches)
The Amarna age : Western Asia
Lord of the silent
This companion provides the very latest accounts of the major and current aspects of Egyptology by leading scholars. It is delivered in a highly readable style and extensively illustrated. Published in two volumes, it offers unprecedented breadth and depth of coverage, giving full scope to the discussion of this incredible civilization. It provides the very latest and, where relevant, well-illustrated accounts of the major aspects of Egypt's ancient history and culture. It covers a broad scope of topics including physical context, history, economic and social mechanisms, language, literature, and the visual arts. It is delivered in a highly readable style with students and scholars of both Egyptology and Graeco-Roman studies in mind. It also provides a chronological table at the start of each volume to help readers orient chapters within the wider historical context.
Ancient Egypt : a cultural topography
The life of J.D. Åkerblad : Egyptian decipherment and orientalism in revolutionary times
The mummy
The Stone Age in Egypt : a record of recently discovered implements and products of handicraft of the archaic Nilotic races inhabiting the Thebaid
The tomb of Senebitsi at Lisht
Pharaohs and mortals
Modern trends in European egyptology : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists Ninth Annual Meeting in St. Petersburg 2003
Tomb of the golden bird
The bishops of Faras : an anthropological-medical study
Deir el-Medina Studies : Helsinki June 24-26, 2009 : proceedings
The monuments of Senenmut : problems in historical methodology
The Hippopotamus Pool
The UCL Lahun papyri : letters
Studies on the illustrated Theban funerary papyri of the 11th and 10th centuries B.C
The Egyptian Museum, Cairo : official cataloque
Egyptian antiquities in the Nile Valley : a descriptive handbook
Isis in Babylonia?
Maadi : excavations at the predynastic site of Maadi and its cemeteries conducted by Mustapha Amer and Ibrahim Rizkana on behalf of the Department of Geography, Faculty of Arts of Cairo University 1930-1953. 3, The non-lithic small finds and the structural remains of the predynastic settlement
Anthropology and egyptology : a developing dialogue
Thebes of the Pharaohs : pattern for every city
Discussions in Egyptology. 65
The battle reliefs of King Sety I
Multilingual egyptological thesarus = Thésaurus multilingue de l'égyptologie = Mehrsprachiger ägyptologischer Thesaurus
Howard Carter : the path to Tutankhamun
