http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17458 permaculture
permaculture
The market gardener : a successful grower's handbook for small-scale organic farming
Promoting natural materials
The Bio-Integrated Farm is a twenty-first-century manual for managing nature's resources. This groundbreaking book brings "system farming" and permaculture to a whole new level. Author Shawn Jadrnicek presents new insights into permaculture, moving beyond the philosophical foundation to practical advanced designs based on a functional analysis. Holding his designs to a higher standard, Jadrnicek's components serve at least seven functions (classical permaculture theory only seeks at least two functions). With every additional function a component performs, the design becomes more advanced and saves more energy. A bio-integrated greenhouse, for example, doesn't just extend the season for growing vegetables; it also serves as a rainwater collector, a pond site, an aquaponics system, and a heat generator. Jadrnicek's prevalent theme is using water to do the work. Although applicable in many climates, his designs are particularly important for areas coping with water scarcity.Jadrnicek focuses on his experience as farm manager at the Clemson University Student Organic Farm and at his residence in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. These locations lie at the cooler northern edge of a humid subtropical climate that extends west to the middle of Texas and north along the coast to New Jersey. He has created permaculture patterns ranging from raising transplants and field design to freshwater prawn production and composting. These patterns have simplified the operation of the 125-share CSA farm while reducing reliance on outside resources. In less time than it takes to mow his two-acre homestead, Jadrnicek is building a you-pick fruit farm using permaculture patterns. His landscape requires only the labor of harvesting, and the only outside input he buys is a small amount of chicken feed.By carefully engaging the free forces of nature--water, wind, sunlight, convection, gravity, and decomposition--Jadrnicek creates sustenance without maintenance and transforms waste into valuable farm resources. The Bio-Integrated Farm offers in-depth information about designing and building a wide range of bio-integrated projects including reflecting ponds, water-storage ponds, multipurpose basins, greenhouses, compost heat extraction, pastured chicken systems, aquaculture, hydroponics, hydronic heating, water filtration and aeration, cover cropping, and innovative rainwater-harvesting systems that supply water for drip irrigation and flushing toilets.
The bio-integrated farm : a revolutionary permaculture-based system using greenhouses, ponds, compost piles, aquaponics, chickens, and more
Permaculture : a beginner's guide
Environmental anthropology engaging ecotopia : bioregionalism, permaculture, and ecovillages
Introduction to permaculture
Permaculture design : a step-by-step guide
Practical permaculture for home landscapes, your community, and the whole earth
Permaculture is the science and art of designing a permanent and sustainable agriculture. This book outlines permaculture planning and design methods, garden layouts, greenhouse and fencing strategies, integrating livestock and aquaculture with crops, land access, community funding systems and more.
The permaculture city : regenerative design for urban, suburban, and town resilience
Edible cities : urban permaculture for gardens, yards, balconies, rooftops, and beyond
Home gardens in Msunduza : urban agriculture as a contribution to food security
Future scenarios : how communities can adapt to peak oil and climate change
The vegetable gardener's guide to permaculture : creating an edible ecosystem
Permaculture : principles & pathways beyond sustainability
As more people flock to urban areas to live, nowhere are the empowering principles of permaculture more needed and desired than in our cities. Author Toby Hemenway (Gaia's Garden) demonstrates that the same nature-based approach that connects the pieces of our landscape together in harmonious ways applies perfectly to our need for water, shelter, food, energy, livelihood, and community. Hemenway moves beyond urban gardening and offers readers practical tips as well as examples from around the country of how people are using permaculture principles to live more sustainably and build deeper connections in urban areas. The Permaculture City also documents the rise of a new sophistication, depth, and diversity in the approaches and thinking of permaculture designers and practitioners, and provides hope and opportunity for our cities, towns, and suburbs.
Inspired by the French intensive tradition of maraichage and by iconic American vegetable grower Eliot Coleman, author and farmer Jean-Martin shows by example how to start a market garden and make it both very productive and profitable.
From sweat lodge to sauna
The earth care manual : a permaculture handbook for Britain & other temperate climates
