http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17470 performance-related pay
performance-related pay payment by results performance-based pay
Closing the gender gap : determinants of change in the female-to male blue collar wage ratio in Swedish manufacturing 1913-1990
Equilibrium unemployment under negotiated profit sharing
Occupational earnings differentials in Finland : empirical evidence from a cross section of individuals
Industry wage differentials in Finland : 1989
The development process of the payment by results system for Teräselementti Oy's designing department
Efficiency wages, trade unions and labor taxation
Who's driving wages in Finland? Or is anyone?
Two papers on income mobility
Income tax indexation in an open economy
Monitoring and pay
When does it pay to reward productivity?
To incentive pay : the pay reform in the state sector
Human capital earnings functions : a theoretical introduction
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 1, The cost of living in Sweden 1830-1930
The value relevance of environmental and social performance: evidence from Swedish SIX 300 companies
Capital structure, wage bargaining and employment
Wage formation in Finland : a framework for empirical analysis
Determinants of profit sharing in the Finnish corporate sector
Internal versus external reference perspective in efficiency wage models reconsidered
Earnings differentials between men and women : study based on the Structure of Earnings Survey (SES)
Essays on economic integration and labour demand
Education, experience and earnings in Finland : empirical evidence from a cross section of individuals
The role of internal and external reference perspectives in efficiency wage models : a note
Class inequality in austerity Britain : power, difference and suffering
Performance-related pay policies for government employees
Tax progression and structure of labour taxation in an open economy general equilibrium model with monopoly unions
When the Coalition Government came to power in 2010 in claimed it would deliver not just austerity, as necessary as that apparently was, but also fairness. This volume subjects this pledge to critical interrogation by exposing the interests behind the policy programme pursued and their damaging effects on class inequalities. Situated within a recognition of the longer-term rise of neoliberal politics, reflections on the status of sociology as a source of critique and current debates over the relationship between the cultural and economic dimensions of social class, the contributors cover an impressively wide range of relevant topics, from education, family policy and community to crime and consumption, shedding new light on the experience of domination in the early 21st Century.
Pay for performance : evaluating performance appraisal and merit pay
Paying for performance : a guide to compensation management
Essays on human capital and earnings in Finland
The revaluation of women's work
Changing the tax base from wage taxation towards consumption taxation : a note
Labour migration and wages
Rethinking reward
Embedding the balanced scorecard and the compensation system TT-Gaskets' management system
CEO compensation, firm size and firm performance : evidence from Finnish panel data
Improving performance by altering incentives? : the story of the Uganda revenue authority
Selected readings in Finnish.
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part I
Arguing for basic income : ethical foundations for a radical reform
Incentives with uncertainty about the ability of employees
Statistical methods for the analysis of earnings data with special application to salaries in Swedish industry
Profit-sharing, collective bargaining and employment
Wage and earnings losses of displaced workers in Finland
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistik årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
The share of wages in the national income : an enquiry into the theory of distribution
Has profit sharing led to fewer separations?
"Common sense, economics and "HR": how to pay Billions of people throughout the world are paid for their work. This book was written to demonstrate why they earn what they earn and, in doing so, to help them understand how they can earn more in the short-run and even more in the longer-run. There are many ways pay is determined across a wide variety of organizations from for-profit firms, to nonprofit organizations, to government agencies. By the time you finish reading this book, you will know how a well-run organization takes its overall strategy and converts that into a system for properly paying people. Then, you can apply the lessons in the book to your own organization and take actions that can lead you to earn more"--
Studies of appointments and incentives under imperfect information
$2.00 a day : living on almost nothing in America
Are CEOs paid for performance in Finland?
How tax progression affects effort and employment
Labour taxation and the degree of centralisation in a trade union model with endogenous labour supply
Labour taxation, tax progression and job matching : comparing alternative models of wage setting
Optimal redistributive taxation and provision of public input goods in an economy with outsourcing and unemployment : a note
Pay flexibility in the public sector
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Wage inequality : international comparisons of its sources
Five essays on public sector labour markets
The micro-level dynamics of declining labour share : lessons from the Finnish great leap
Studies on earnings dynamics and uncertainty in return to education
Pay without performance : the unfulfilled promise of executive compensation
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part II
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom : summary in nine EU languages: dansk, deutsch, ellênika, english, español, francais, italiano, nederlands, português
What makes performance-related pay schemes work? : Finnish evidence
Private pay for public work : performance-related pay for public sector managers
Maatilatilastollinen vuosikirja 2014 = Landbrukstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of farm statistics
Profit sharing in Finland : earnings and productivity effects
Optimal factor income taxation in the presence of unemployment
Performance measurement and incentive plans
Creating a balanced scorecard and exploring the possibilities of linking a balanced scorecard with a performance related pay scheme : case Finnlines customer service department
Education, experience and earnings in Finland : data analysis and complementary estimation results
Paid to perform : an examination of the relationship between CEO compensation and firm performance in Nordic companies
Explaining the desire for local bargaining : evidence from a Finnish survey of employers and employees
Wages and employment in a unionized economy : practical implications of theoretical considerations in the context of Finland
Making strategy work : sense and sensibility of results-oriented pay systems
Economic and behaviorist effects of payment by results and company characteristics : a study of white collar employees
Human capital and industry wage differentials in Finland
Human resource management : an experiential approach
Performance pay schemes for public sector managers : an evaluation of the impacts
The Compensation Systems of Developing German Organizations
Pay : why people earn what they earn and what you can do now to make more
Myths and realities of executive pay
Declining labour share, evidence of a change in underlying production technology?
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 3, part I
Redesigning distribution : basic income and stakeholder grants as alternative cornerstones for a more egalitarian capitalism
Rent sharing as part of incentive payments and recruitment
Result-based bonuses as a tool of organization development : bonus models in state organizations and their use in organization development
Empirical studies of income distribution
The impact of pay knowledge on organisational performance : investigating Finnish profit-sharing schemes
Handbook on performance management
Trends in between- and within-group earnings inequality in Finland
Wages, cost of living and national income in Sweden 1860-1930. Vol. 2, part II
Efficiency wages : models of unemployment, layoffs, and wage dispersion
Abstract (1 s.).
Strategic human resources : frameworks for general managers
Is it what you do or where you work that matters most? : gender composition and the gender gap revisited
Wage discrimination function
Labour market flexibility with special reference to Germany, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom
Reward management : a handbook of remuneration strategy and practice
