http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17451 history teachers
history teachers
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 5, The development of creative activities, research activities, educational innovations and initiatives of teachers and Male and female teachers in the history of education, the process of feminization of the teaching profession
Principles and practice of teaching
Present and past : essays for teachers in the history of education
Gender perspectives on the formation of the professional field for caring and education of children
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education - challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Teach now! history : becoming a great history teacher
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 2, Social conditions and prestige of teachers in different periods and in different countries
The ignorant schoolmaster : five lessons in intellectual emancipation
Handbook of research on writing : history, society, school, individual, text
Tales out of school : gender, longing, and the teacher in fiction and film
Investigating the teacher's life and work
Significant trends in the development of Finnish teacher education programs (1860-2010)
Abstract.
Baltic Sea region history : awareness among youth, national syllabi, and education
Teaching for historical literacy : building knowledge in the history classroom
Nadia Boulanger : a life in music
Women as interpreters of the visual arts, 1820-1979
The violin : an illustrated history
History teachers in the making : professional learning
A revolution in history education is propelling historical thinking and knowing to the forefront of history and social studies education in North America and beyond. Teachers, teacher education programs, schools, and ministries of education across Canada are all among those embracing the idea that knowing history means knowing how to think historically. Becoming a History Teacher is a collection of thoughtful essays by history teachers, historians, and teacher educators on how to prepare student teachers to think historically and to teach historical thinking. Covering the teacher's experience before, during, and after formal certification, Becoming a History Teacher contains a wide range of resources for teachers and educators, including information on the latest research in history education and examples of successful history teaching activities.
Arnold Jacobs : song and wind
History education 101 : the past, present, and future of teacher preparation
Kazan' Teacher's Seminary and the awakening of the Finnic peoples of the Volga-Urals region
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 1, The history of different forms of teaching activities
Education of teachers in Russia
The king of children : the life and death of Janusz Korczak
Teacher education : major themes in education. Volume 2 : historical aspects of teacher education from 1905 to 1990
The Saladin murders : an Omar Yussef novel
Discipline, decency, and teetotalism at early-1900's teacher training colleges in northern Finland
Women's work? : American schoolteachers, 1650-1920
Becoming a history teacher : sustaining practices in historical thinking and knowing
Travelling to infinity : my life with Stephen
Redefining teacher development
The processes of history teaching : an international symposium held at Malmö University, Sweden, March 5th-7th 2009
Samuel Thomas Greene : a legeng in the nineteenth century deaf community
Funakoshi, father of modern karate
Teaching recent global history : dialogues among historians, social studies teachers, and students
Teaching genius : Dorothy DeLay and the making of a musician
The Freedom Writers diary : how a teacher and 150 teens used writing to change themselves and the world around them
The summer isles
Practical hints for the teachers of public schools
The school system of Finland
Women and teaching : global perspectives on the feminization of a profession
Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson
Telling women's lives : narrative inquiries in the history of women's education
"Teaching Recent Global History explores innovative ways to teach world history, beginning with the early 20th century. The authors' unique approach unites historians, social studies teachers, and educational curriculum specialists to offer historically rich, pedagogically innovative, and academically rigorous lessons that help students connect with and deeply understand key events and trends in recent global history. Highlighting the best scholarship for each major continent, the text explores the ways that this scholarship can be adapted by teachers in the classroom in order to engage and inspire students. Each of the eight main chapters highlights a particularly important event or theme, which is then complemented by a detailed discussion of a particular methodological approach. Key features include: An overarching narrative that helps readers address historical arguments; Relevant primary documents or artifacts, plus a discussion of a particular historical method well-suited to teaching about them; Lesson plans suitable for both middle and secondary level classrooms; Document-based questions and short bibliographies for further research on the topic.This invaluable book is ideal for any aspiring or current teacher who wants to think critically about how to teach world history and make historical discussions come alive for students"--
Science teaching : the role of history and philosophy of science
Giants of music education
Ts'ai Yüan-p'ei : educator of modern China
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 4, The development of creative activities, research activities, educational innovations and initiatives of teachers
MasterClass in history education : transforming teaching and learning
Cold war on campus : a study of the politics of organizational control
The academic life : small worlds, different worlds
What are Finnish teachers made of? : a glance at teacher education in Finland yesterday and today
From teachers into multiply skilled persons : how was art education implemented at a Finnish teacher training college in 1921-1970?
Cultural-historical perspectives on teacher education and development : learning teaching
"Being taught by a great teacher is one of the great privileges of life. Teach Now! is an exciting new series that opens up the secrets of great teachers and, step-by-step, helps trainees to build the skills and confidence they need to become first-rate classroom practitioners. Written by a highly-skilled practitioner, this practical, classroom-focused guide contains all the support you need to become a great history teacher who inspires and motivates students to critically and creatively explore the past. Combining a grounded, modern rationale for learning and teaching with highly practical training approaches rooted in the realities of the classroom, the book guides you through all the different aspects of history teaching offering clear, straightforward advice on classroom practice, lesson planning and working in schools. Teaching and learning, planning, assessment and behaviour management are all covered in detail, with a host of carefully chosen examples used to demonstrate good practice and show how to facilitate outstanding historical enquiry. There are also chapters on dealing with pressure, excelling in observations, finding the right job and succeeding at interview. Throughout the book, there is a great selection of ready-to-use activities, strategies and techniques which will help put you on the fast track to success in the classroom; and ensure your students are doing the very best learning possible. Covering everything you need to know, this book is your essential guide as you start your exciting and rewarding career as an outstanding history teacher"--
Through education into the world of work : Uno Cygnaeus, the father of technology education
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 6, The history of preschool teachers' profession
The new Summerhill
Education in contemporary Japan : inequality and diversity
Modern times? : work, professionalism and citizenship in teaching
Teachers : the culture and politics of work
The king of children
"MasterClass in History Education draws on international research and practice to present effective and engaging approaches for history teachers who want to explore the ways in which reading, research and reflection can support the development of history teaching and learning in the classroom.At the heart of the book is a series of professional enquiries carried out by experienced history teachers, working in a range of contexts. Each history teacher addresses clear questions arising from their practice and together they illustrate various approaches to data collection, data analysis and argument. These history teachers also show how they drew on diverse scholarship in history and history education, including many publications by other history teachers. In eight further chapters, other experts, ranging from practitioner-scholars to researchers in diverse fields (such as history, history education, teacher education, teacher research and curriculum theory) reflect on the distinctive insights that these teachers offer and explore connections with their own fields.The combination of perspectives and the depth of knowledge of the varied contributors reveal the importance of different kinds of relationship between 'theory' and 'practice'. The links between classroom realities and research and the critical use of different kinds of text will support history teachers in developing their practice and professional voice"--
The social role and evolution of the teaching profession in historical context. Vol. 3, Social conditions and prestige of teachers in different periods and in different countries and The level of general education and of professional training of teachers in historical context and Financial perspectives and the quality of life of teachers under different historical circumstances
Cambridge commemorated : an anthology of university life
The violin
The Handbook of Research on Writing ventures to sum up inquiry over the last few decades on what we know about writing and the many ways we know it: How do people write? How do they learn to write and develop as writers? Under what conditions and for what purposes do people write? What resources and technologies do we use to write? How did our current forms and practices of writing emerge within social history? What impacts has writing had on society and the individual? What does it mean to be and to learn to be an active participant in contemporary systems of meaning? This cornerstone volume advances the field by aggregating the broad ranging, interdisciplinary, multidimensional strands of writing research and bringing them together into a common intellectual space. Endeavoring to synthesize what has been learned about writing in all nations in recent decades, it reflects a wide scope of international research activity, with attention to writing at all levels of schooling and in all life situations. Chapter authors, all eminent researchers, come from disciplines as diverse as anthropology, archeology, typography, communication studies, linguistics, journalism, sociology, rhetoric, composition, law, medicine, education, history, and literacy studies. The Handbook's 37 chapters are organized in five sections: The History of Writing; Writing in Society; Writing in Schooling; Writing and the Individual; and Writing as Text. This volume, in summing up what is known about writing, deepens our experience and appreciation of writing in ways that will make teachers better at teaching writing and all of its readers better as individual writers.
The historical background of school system and teacher image in Finland
Teaching history: developing as a reflective secondary teacher
Russia's educational heritage
England's piano sage : the life and teachings of Tobias Matthay
Teacher education : major themes in education. Volume 1 : historical aspects of teacher education from 1797 to 1905
Education in ancient India
Eminent victorians : Cardinal Manning, Florence Nightingale, Dr Arnold, General Gordon
Teaching hope : stories from the Freedom Writer teachers and Erin Gruwell
Gendered structures and processes in primary teacher education : challenge for gender-sensitive pedagogy
Pupils, teachers and schools in Pompeii : childhood, youth and culture in the Roman Era
Higher education of women in Europe
Understanding history teaching : teaching and learning about the past in secondary schools
Initial training for history teachers : structures and standards in 13 member states of the Council of Europe
The other side of Main Street : a history teacher from Sauk Centre
