http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1745 guides to playing
guides to playing
Contemporary jazz/rock rhythms for all treble clef instruments
Clarinet for dummies
Learn to play guitar with songs from High school musical & Hannah Montana
Guitar licks : Essential lead techniques and phrases for rock and blues guitar
The Sigmund Hering Trumpet Course : A Melodic Method for Class, Private, or Supplementary Study. 1, The Beginning Trumpeter
Fiddle for dummies
Bass guitar for dummies
Superfingering : advanced concepts for electric guitar
The complete saxophone player. Book 4
Band in a book : bluegrass vocals
A physical approach to playing the trumpet
Abracadabra Cello : The way to learn through songs and tunes
A natural development in drumming technique
Total guitar tutor : [the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing every guitar style]
Guitar theory for dummies
Breeze-easy method for saxophone. Book 1
Principles of the flute, recorder & oboe
Contemporary jazz rock patterns for all treble clef instruments. Vol. 2
Contemporary guitar improvisation : utilizing the entire fingerboard
Cornet student : a method for individual instruction. Level two, Intermediate
Mel Bay's fun with bongos
Elementary method : drums : a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Contemporary drum fills
Drum lessons with the Greats 2
The beginner's guide to electronic drums : an introduction to electronic drums and percussion
Clawhammer style banjo : a complete guide for beginning and advanced banjo players
How to play drums : everything you need to know to play the drums
A modern method for guitar. Volume 1.
Guitar songs & styles for dummies
Guitar theory for dummies : book + online video & audio instruction
Andy Hampton's saxophone basics : a method for individual and group learning : (alto saxophone)
BREEZE-EASY METHOD FOR CLARINET. Book 2
A new introduction to Indian classical music : teach yourself sitar
Keyboard for dummies
Air guitar : a user's guide : what every axeman needs to know
1001 drum grooves : the complete resource for every drummer
Total piano tutor : the ultimate guide to learning and mastering the piano
Scales : for the guitar in 3D
You can teach yourself blues guitar
For guitar players only : short cuts in technique, sight reading and studio playing
Complete rock & pop guitar player : books 1,2&3
Rubank intermediate method. Flute or piccolo
Ukulele exercises for dummies
You have a ukulele, you know just enough to be dangerous, and now you're ready to do something with it. You're in luck: Ukulele Exercises For Dummies helps you become a better player. This lay-flat, practice-based book focuses on the skills that entry-level players often find challenging and provides tips, tricks and plenty of cool exercises that will have you creating music in no time that include: • Creating rock-steady strumming patterns and rhythms ;  Becoming a better fingerpicker with patterns, arpeggio exercises, and solo fingerpicking pieces ; • Expanding your fretboard knowledge and crafting your own rock, blues and jazz riffs and solos ; Playing actual songs on the ukulele - everything from the classic ukulele tunes to the 12 bar blues! ; Downloadable audio files of the exercises found in the book, providing you with a self-contained practice package.
Playing the violin : an illustrated guide
Rhythm tune up : for all musicians on all instruments : no music reading necessary
Harmonica for dummies
The complete saxophone player. Book 2
Recorder from the beginning. Book 1
The guitarist's handbook
Proper flute playing : a companion to the practice books
The Sigmud Hering trumpet course : the advancing trumpeter book 2 : a melodic method for class, private, or supplementary study
Play flute today!
Rubank advanced method. Trombone or baritone : vol. II
Learn to play keyboard : complete
Pottag-Hovey method for french horn. Book one
How to play rock 'n' roll drums
When it comes to striking the strings of your guitar for the first time, Getting Started Playing Guitar For Dummies sets you going in the right direction. One of the coolest things about the guitar is that, even though you can devote your lifetime to perfecting your skills, you can start faking it rather quickly. This books gets you up and playing as quickly and easily as possible. You get expert tips and techniques and the integrated audio and video clips help you lly hone your skills as you play along. Master the basics when you discover how to properly hold the guitar, tune your guitar, and position your hands. Immerse yourself in sounds, techniques, and a whole lot of fun with this enhanced ebook. Part instruction, part video and audio play-a-long, and a whole lot of fun, this book gets you comfortable playing the coolest instrument around.
Teach yourself to play the folk harp
How to play the guitar : a step-by-step teaching guide with 200 photographs
Rudiments of the flute, recorder and oboe
The complete keyboard player. Book 1
Advanced jazz/rock rhythms for all bass clef instruments
Mancini complete virtuoso method : for trumpet, cornet, treble clef baritone
Training the ear : for the improvising musician : a basic ear training text with examples and suggested self-study curriculum
Breeze-easy method for bassoon. Book 1
The complete solfeggi
Blues guitar : introduction to acoustic blues
Exploring guitar for dummies
Child-Friendly approach to instrumental education : The Colourstrings Violin School
Advanced jazz/rock rhythms for all treble clef instruments
Rubank elementary method. Bassoon
Getting started playing guitar for dummies
Teach yourself lead guitar [Nuottijulkaisu]
Sight-reading : for the very young pianist
The Russian school of piano playing. 2
Contemporary jazz/rock rhythms for all bass clef instruments
The new method for electric bass. Book 1 : From the beginning
Drumstick spinology : how to master spinning drumsticks : the complete method to spinning drumsticks
Training the ear. Volume 2, a compositional approach to intermediate level harmonic ear training : dyads, triads, seventh chords, inversions, altered chords, chord extensions, modes, chord/scale relationships, chord progressions, chord substitutions
Rockband  guitar method : learn how to play electric or acoustic guitar using songs from the popular video game
90s Hits : Really Easy Guitar!
Solo guitar playing
The drum programming handbook : the complete guide to creating great rhythm tracks
Guitar for dummies : by Mark Phillips and Jon Chappell
Uke 'n play : an instant play method that really works. Supa easy ukulele
Fills and chops : features over 70 minutes of drumming licks, fills & blazing chops!
The guitar handbook
A guide to chords, scales, & arpeggios
Play clarinet today!
A new tune a day for clarinet. Book 1
The complete saxophone player. Book 1
Bebop & beyond : for all musicians
My music, my life / with an introduction by Yehudi Menuhin and a complete manual on how to play the sitar
Mitchell on trumpet. 3
A modern method for guitar. Volumes 1, 2, 3, Complete
Getting started on djembe
Rock power bass
THE COMPLETE KEYBOARD PLAYER : BOOK 1.
Guitar for dummies
2 bass hits : fundamentals of playing 2 bass drums
Have you always wanted to play piano? This revised edition of the popular Piano for Dummies makes it easier and more fun than ever. If you don't know how to read music, this book explains in friendly, uncomplicated language all the basics of music theory and applies it to playing the piano. And if you've been playing piano for a while – or took piano lessons when you were a child but haven't played since – you can pick up some valuable tips to improve your playing or use the book as a refresher course. This new edition features fresh and updated practice lessons, teaching techniques, and musical examples, as well as a new audio CD with examples for all pieces presented in the book. You get expert information on left- and right-hand piano techniques; playing scales, melodies, harmonies, and chords; and practicing to improve your technique.
Edwards-Hovey method for cornet or trumpet. Book two
How to play clarinet
Mel Bay's finger gymnastics : warm-up, flexibility, speed & strength studies
The study of clarinet : (for soprano, alto or bass clarinet)
Tenor saxophone student. Lewel two, (intermediate)
The Art of comping = die Kunst des Begleitens = l'Art de l'accompagnement : 15 solo etudes for jazz phrasing, interpretation and improvisation
How to play bebop. Volume 2, Learning the bebop language : patterns, formulae, and other linking materials
Rubank elementary metrhod : trombone or baritone
Drums for dummies
Uke 'n play : an instant play method that really works. Easy ukulele
Technique, mechanism, learning : an investigation into becoming a guitarist
Take Up The Clarinet. Book Two
Rubank elementary method. Clarinet, a fundamental course for individual or like-instrument class instruction
Breeze-easy method for saxophone. Book 2
A tune a day : flute or piccolo. Book one
Teach yourself visually guitar
Compendium of piano technique
Warm-ups + Studies : for trumpet or cornet/flugelhorn = Mises en train + études = Einspielübungen + Etüden
The buzzing book : complete method : trumpet or other brass instruments
The little black book of : scales
Mandolin for dummies
Notes on the piano
Blues harmonica for dummies
How to play bass guitar : easy to read, easy to play : basics, styles & techniques
The songwriting sourcebook : how to turn chords into great songs
How to play Latin-American rhythm instruments
Index of Rhythm Patterns
Sight singing : pitch, interval, rhythm
The beginning trumpeter : book one of the Sigmund Hering trumpet (cornet) course : a melodic method for class, private, or supplementary study
Edwards-Hovey method for cornet and trumpet. Book 2
Mel Bay's play electric bass from chord symbols
Rhythm is the cure : southern Italian tambourine : dedicated to the healing powers of the tarantella rhythm
Take up the clarinet. Book 2
With your own two hands : self-discovery through music
Rubank elementary method. Oboe
How to play bebop. Volume 3, Some techniques for learning and utilizing bebop tunes
Piano chords made easy : large print edition
The saxophone : the easy way to learn
Blues guitar for dummies
Illustrated method for flute
Arban's famous method for slide and valve trombone and baritone in bass clef : complete
A modern method for guitar. Volume 3.
The drummer's guide to loop-based music : The essential reference for techno drum styles
Techniques in percussion : for drum, tympani, & mallet percussion including an accompaniment book
The Russian school of piano playing. 1
The keyboard chord & scale manual
Rhythm tune up : For all musicians on all instruments : No music reading necessary
Rubank elementary method. Flute or piccolo
Methode complete pour trombone basse, tuba, saxhorns basses et contrebasse = Complete method for bass-trombone, tuba, bass and couter-bass saxhorn
The rough guide to guitar
Piano technique in practice
The best of Nirvana
Jazz jam trax for guitar
Piano : the complete step-by-step guide to playing piano
Deeper inside the bass
How to play bass guitar
Tackling a new instrument can be intimidating, but with this easy-to-use guide, you'll have no trouble at all! From selecting, tuning, and caring for your fiddle to mastering various music styles, Fiddle For Dummies walks you step-by-step through everything you need to start playing the fiddle like a pro. You'll discover how to hold a fiddle, master fundamental techniques, and take your skills to the next level. This title also features companion audio tracks and instructional video clips hosted online at Dummies.com to help further enhance your skills. The fiddle is a popular instrument across many continents, and is a favorite for many because it is small and portable. Playing the fiddle can expose you to a range of musical styles from all over the world, such as Irish, Scottish, Celtic/Cape Breton, country, folk, bluegrass, and more. Plus, if you're already a violin player, you'll impress yourself and fellow musicians as you unlock your instrument to open up a whole new world of sounds. Learn fiddle techniques and fundamentals. Select, tune, and care for your fiddle. Join the folk instrument movement and master the fiddle. Play fiddle music from all over the world.
The complete clarinet player. Book 2
Banjo for dummies
Secrets of shred guitar
Uke 'n play : an instant play method that really works. Ukulele
Alto saxophone student : a method for individual instruction. Level three (advanced intermediate)
Ukulele in a day for dummies
Welcome to odd times : an approach to mental and manual dexterity in odd meters for the drum set
Drum programming : a complete guide to program and think like a drummer
The art of brass playing : a treatise on the formation and use of the brass player's embouchure
Absolute beginners. Harmonica : the complete picture guide to playing harmonica
A complete & detailed method for the piano accordion
First guitar tutor
The art of violin playing : Book two : artistic realization & instruction
I play the harp : study guide for teachers and parents
The reading drummer : a logical step by step sequence of rhythms and drumming patterns for the beginning to intermediate drummer
Minor blues tunes in all twelve keys
The Essence of brushes
A modern method for guitar. Volume 2.
The Complete Electric Bass Player. Book 1, The Method
Soca session : 9 soca/calypso -numre for sangere, C, Bb, og Eb instrumenter og rytmegruppe
Easy pop melodies : Guitar ...book 1 + 1 cd
Drumming from top to bottom : a drum set study designed for the beginner to the advanced student
First lessons : native American flute : how to sit on a rock
Fast-track trombone
Drumset workouts : [Polyrhythms & independent coordination applied to contemporary grooves]
Mallet percussion for young beginners : (a peripheral vision primer)
First lessons : mandolin
Complete piano photo chords
BENNY CARTER / WHEN LIGHTS ARE LOW
Alto saxophone student : a method for individual instruction. Level two (intermediate)
Immerse yourself in sounds, techniques, and a whole lot of fun with this enhanced ebook. Part instruction, part video and audio play-a-long, Guitar Songs & Styles For Dummies is the perfect mix of instruction - whether you are a beginner or experienced guitar player. Watch correct hand position, posture, and playing techniques with detailed videos. Get the instruction you need to rock every type of Rock, including Classic Rock 'n' Roll, Modern Rock, and Country-Rock. Discover the Blues when you explore rhythm and lead techniques, signature riffs, and progressions. Then play along with popular Blues songs,including Chicago Shuffle and Mississippi Mud. Get familiar with Folk style, by learning fingerstyle techniques, playing Arpeggio style, trying thumb-brush and carter style, and taking on Travis picking. Have some fun with Folk when you play along with House of the Rising Sun, Gospel Ship, and Freight Train tunes. Go classical with instruction on proper seating and hand positions,ways to combine arpeggios and melody, and details to play free and rest strokes.
The ukulele handbook
Blues jam trax for guitar
Mallet control : for the xylophone (marimba, biraphone, vibraharp)
Right hand techniques : for guitar
How to love your flute : a guide to flutes and flute playing
You can teach yourself guitar
Total keyboard tutor : the ultimate guide to playing, recording and performing with all keyboards
A brief tutor for the baroque guitar
Dynamic rock keyboards : riffs, licks & tricks you can learn today!
A tune a day : for Eb BBb bass or sousaphone. Book one
Musical Calisthenics for brass
Garageband '09 power! : the comprehensive recording and podcasting guide
ILLUSTRATED FLUTEPLAYING
The complete keyboard player : for all portable keyboards. Book 4
Mel Bay's first lessons : flute
Piano for dummies
Rubank Intermediate method : flute or piccolo
Fusion : rock, jazz, funk, latin, smooth
Cornet student : a method for individual instruction. Level one, Elementary
Jazz comping for fingerstyle guitar
Power tools : for 4, 5 & 6 string bass. Vol. 1
How to play guitar : the basics & beyond : chords, scales, tunes & tips
In the pocket
Conga drumming : A beginner's guide to playing with time
Rubank elementary method. French horn : Eb alto or mellophone
Rock power guitar
Performance ear training
Playing the electric bass
Harmony and Style
101 drum tips : stuff all the pros know and use
The Mel Bay mandolin method. Volume 2
