http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17440 alchemy
alchemy
The ruby circle : a Bloodlines novel
River of ink. [1], Genesis
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
The Jewish alchemists : a history and source book
Art and alchemy
The warlock : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Multi-award winning author Aliette de Bodard brings her story of the War in Heaven to Paris, igniting the City of Light in a fantasy of divine power and deep conspiracy... In the late Twentieth Century, the streets of Paris are lined with haunted ruins. The Great Magicians' War left a trail of devastation in its wake. The Grand Magasins have been reduced to piles of debris, Notre-Dame is a burnt-out shell, and the Seine has turned black with ashes and rubble and the remnants of the spells that tore the city apart. But those that survived still retain their irrepressible appetite for novelty and distraction, and The Great Houses still vie for dominion over France's once grand capital. Once the most powerful and formidable, House Silverspires now lies in disarray. Its magic is ailing; its founder, Morningstar, has been missing for decades; and now something from the shadows stalks its people inside their very own walls. Within the House, three very different people must come together: a naive but powerful Fallen angel; an alchemist with a self-destructive addiction; and a resentful young man wielding spells of unknown origin. They may be Silverspires' salvation--or the architects of its last, irreversible fall. And if Silverspires falls, so may the city itself.
Alchemy & mysticism : the hermetic museum / Alexander Roob
Alchemy & mysticism : the hermetic cabinet
The battle of the sun
Cultivating perfection : mysticism and self-transformation in early Quanzhen Daoism
The Qwaser of stigmata. Volume 1 : Holy wars ignite
Extraordinary popular delusions & the madness of crowds
Alchemy : the secret art
The raven's head
River of ink. [2], Zenith
Wolves in winter
The book of secrets : esoteric societies and holy orders, luminaries and seers, symbols and rituals, and the key concepts of occult sciences through the ages and around the world
I am the mechanical they named Jax. My kind was built to serve humankind, duty-bound to fulfil their every whim. But now our bonds are breaking, and my brothers and sisters are awakening. Our time has come. A new age is dawning. Set in a world that might have been, of mechanical men and alchemical dreams, this is the third and final novel in a stunning series of revolution by Ian Tregillis.
Sal-ammoniac : a study in primitive chemistry
Jax, a rogue Clakker, has wreaked havoc upon the Clockmakers' Guild by destroying the Grand Forge. Reborn in the flames, he must begin his life as a free Clakker, but liberation proves its own burden.  Berenice, formerly the legendary spymaster of New France, mastermind behind her nation's attempts to undermine the Dutch Hegemony -- has been banished from her homeland and captured by the Clockmakers Guild's draconian secret police force. Meanwhile, Captain Hugo Longchamp is faced with rallying the beleaguered and untested defenders of Marseilles-in-the-West for the inevitable onslaught from the Brasswork Throne and its army of mechanical soldiers.
The forge and the crucible
The alchemist
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
Alchemy, medicine, religion in the China of A.D. 320 : the Nei P'ien of Ko Hung (Pao-p'u tzu)
William, Mary and Alice Constant have come to spend Christmas with their uncle. They discover that things in this old house are not quite what they seem. There are powerful forces at work, calling to the children from across the centuries; forces that pull them up the hidden steps in the chimney to the secret room where the magician lives / WorldCat.
The story of alchemy and early chemistry
The house of shattered wings
The warlock
The Alchemist : 25th anniversary edition
The alchemists : founders of modern chemistry
Astrology, magic, and alchemy in art
Sydney Sage is an Alchemist, one of a group of humans who dabble in magic and serve to bridge the worlds of humans and vampires. They protect vampire secrets - and human lives. After their secret romance is exposed, Sydney and Adrian find themselves facing the wrath of both the Alchemists and the Moroi in this electrifying conclusion to Richelle Mead's New York Times bestselling Bloodlines series. When the life of someone they both love is put on the line, Sydney risks everything to hunt down a deadly former nemesis. Meanwhile, Adrian becomes enmeshed in a puzzle that could hold the key to a shocking secret about spirit magic, a secret that could shake the entire Moroi world.
Essays on science : felicitation volume in honour of Dr. S. Mahdihassan
Alchemy : an illustrated A to Z
Modern alchemy : occultism and the emergence of atomic theory
The atlas of lost cults and mystery religions : rediscover extraordinary traditions from the dawn of time
Taoist meditation and longevity techniques
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 5, pt. 5, Chemistry and chemical technology, pt. 5 : Spagyrical discovery and invention : physiological alchemy
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
An alchemical compilation of the thirteenth century, A.D
Alchemy, the golden art : the secrets of the oldest enigma
A history of ideas about the prolongation of life; the evolution of prolongevity hypotheses to 1800
A discovery of witches
A history of magic and experimental science. Vol. 3, Fourteenth and fifteenth centuries
Alchemy : the medieval alchemists and their royal art
The hermetic museum : alchemy & mysticism
Encyclopedia of forbidden knowledge
Secret practices of the Sufi Freemasons : the Islamic teachings at the heart of alchemy
Alchemy and other chemical achievements of the ancient Orient ..
Congress of secrets
The mechanical
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 5pt. 2, Chemistry and chemical technology, pt. 2 : Spagyrical discovery and invention : magisteries of gold and immortality
The school of night : a novel
Three Arabic treatises on alchemy
The mirror of alchemy : alchemical ideas and images in manuscripts and books from antiquity to the seventeenth century
'The Sensorium of God' is the second of a trilogy of novels inspired by the dramatic struggles, personal and professional, and key historical events in man's quest to understand the Universe / WorldCat.
The secrets of alchemy
The story of alchemy and early chemistry : the story of early chemistry
"A richly-researched fantasy set at the historical Congress of Vienna blends political machinations, forbidden alchemy, and romance between a widowed noblewoman and a charming con man"--
The alchemyst : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Psychology and alchemy
Royal tour
Atelier Meruru : the apprentice of Arland : PS3
Faith, medical alchemy and natural philosophy : Johann Moriaen, reformed intelligencer and the Hartlib circle
Chemistry in Iraq and Persia in the tenth century A.D
Embracing the dark : the magic order of Dragon Rouge : its practice in dark magic and meaning making
Jung on alchemy : C. G. Jung
Explorations in Daoism : medicine and alchemy in literature
The liberation
Fulcanelli : his true identity revealed light on his work
The alchemy reader : from Hermes Trismegistus to Isaac Newton
The steps up the chimney : being the first book of the Magician's house
The secret history of the world
Alchemy and alchemists
Art and alchemy : the mystery of transformation
Al-Kimia : the mystical Islamic essence of the sacred art of alchemy
The sensorium of God
Magical objects : things and beyond
Alchemical equipment in the eleventh century, A.D
The Rosicrucian enlightenment
The magician : the secrets of the immortal Nicholas Flamel
Alchemy and authority in the Holy Roman Empire
Alchemy and kabbalah
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 1.
The one hundred alchemical aphorisms of Baro Urbigerus : to which is added Flamel's Summary of philosophy
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 5, pt. 3, Chemistry and chemical technology, pt. 3 : Spagyrical discovery and invention : historical survey, from cinnabar elixirs to synthetic insulin
A Persian translation of the eleventh century Arabic alchemical treatise ʻAin Aṣ-ṣanʻah wa ʻaun Aṣ-ṣanaʻah
Masks and shadows
Map of bones : a Sigma Force novel
Decoding the hermetic discourse in Salomon Trismosin's Splendor Solis : a semiotic study of three ways of reading
The alchemaster's apprentice : a culinary tale from Zamonia
The undying legion
The shadow revolution
Coming into existence : birth and metaphors of birth
Art and symbols of the occult
Superscience : explaining the paranormal
The red lily crown
The golden game : alchemical engravings of the seventeenth century
The balanced and better world of the alchemist
Fool's gold
Indian alchemy
A dictionary of alchemical imagery
The Lady of the rivers
The devil's doctor : Paracelsus and the world of renaissance, magic and science
The Wood Queen
The alchemy of light : geometry and optics in late Renaissance alchemical illustration
The secret teachings of all ages : an encyclopedic outline of Masonic, Hermetic, Qabbalistic, and Rosicrucian symbolical philosophy : being an interpretation of the secret teachings concealed within the rituals, allegories, and mysteries of the ages
Atelier Meruru : the apprentice of Arland : PlayStation 3
The Clakker: a mechanical man, endowed with great strength and boundless stamina -- but beholden to the wishes of its human masters. Soon after the Dutch scientist and clockmaker Christiaan Huygens invented the very first Clakker in the 17th Century, the Netherlands built a whole mechanical army. It wasn't long before a legion of clockwork fusiliers marched on Westminster, and the Netherlands became the world's sole superpower. Three centuries later, it still is. Only the French still fiercely defend their belief in universal human rights for all men -- flesh and brass alike. After decades of warfare, the Dutch and French have reached a tenuous cease-fire in a conflict that has ravaged North America. But one audacious Clakker, Jax, can no longer bear the bonds of his slavery. He will make a bid for freedom, and the consequences of his escape will shake the very foundations of the Brasswork Throne.
Mr. Penumbra's 24-hour bookstore
The alchemy of stone
What painting is : how to think about oil painting, using the language of alchemy
Le mystère des cathédrales : esoteric interpretation of the hermetic symbols of the great work : a hermetic study of cathedral construction
The lady of the Rivers
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
The rising
Great clarity : Daoism and alchemy in early medieval China
Gendering Chinese religion : subject, identity, and body
"In 1814, the Congress of Vienna has just begun. Diplomats battle over a new map of Europe, actors vie for a chance at glory, and aristocrats and royals from across the continent come together to celebrate the downfall of Napoleon"--
