http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1751 plans
plans
The marketing plan : how to prepare and implement it
Marketing Strategy for a Software Company : Focus on Creating Visibility for Services
Strategic Marketing Planning for  a B2B High-Tech Manufacturer
The greatest books you'll never read
Development plan for European Sport Services Ltd.
Effective marketing means for small companies : Case: Ettonet Oy
This thesis covers the development of an international marketing plan specialized in the Chinese market for a medium sized destination management company in Lapland. The fact that China comprises the biggest growth rate in Finnish and Swedish inbound tourism makes itself a prominent market for tourism in these Nordic countries. The thesis is practice-based by nature. It proceeds as follows: a Chinese market research, interviews with professionals, and the marketing plan. The Chinese market study was done entirely through the Internet and regenerated from various tourism reports. In addition, the author conducted interviews with experts of Finnish and Swedish tourism boards to realize the current situation of Chinese outbound tourism in the Nordic area. Most importantly, it was found that cooperating with national tourism boards could empower the case company’s China mission to the utmost. The outcome of the project was a strategic marketing plan which strictly focused on how the company could adjust the marketing mix towards Chinese customers. On the basis of the results of this research, it can be concluded that entering the Chinese market is feasible for the case company. However, the endeavor requires long-term and relentless commitment.
Planning the Bothnian sea : outcome of Plan Bothnia - a transboundary maritime spatial planning pilot in the Bothnian Sea
Developing a social media communication plan: case: the Quicker Steps project
B2C marketing plan : focusing on camera product category for Le Bao Minh Joint Stock Investment Company
Launch marketing communications planning guide : case: service industry franchise chain X
This title shows how to convert any idea into a convincing business plan - the necessary first step to launching a thriving enterprise. Today's entrepreneurs are driving a new era of global transformation and growth. But before they can turn ideas into profitmaking ventures, they must craft a business plan that crystallizes and legitimizes those ideas to customers, key talent, and investors. "Business Plans That Work" details a strategic, step-by-step approach to creating, adapting, and writing a solid but flexible business plan that will sell your idea and help you make it a reality.Whatever stage you are at in the growth of your business, this no-nonsense guidebook will show you how to: determine what to include in each plan, why, and for whom; recognize and avoid common pitfalls in creating a business plan; and, use the proven "Timmons Model" to analyze potential opportunities. More than just a tool to raise seed capital, a well-written business plan provides an entrepreneur with strong insights into "the idea," and a powerful head start on turning that idea into an enterprise. "Business Plans That Work" shows how to write, adapt, focus, and revise a business plan that will secure capital and attract top-flight talent as it helps you assess the strength of your opportunity and provides invaluable insights into what you need to do to make it work.Jeffry A. Timmons, D.B.A., is the Franklin W. Olin Distinguished Professor of Entrepreneurship at Babson College and author of the Inc. top ten book New Venture Creation. Andrew Zacharakis, Ph.D., is the Paul T. Babson Term Chair in Entrepreneurship at Babson College. Stephen Spinelli is the founder of Jiffy Lube International and director of Babson's Arthur M. Blank Center for Entrepreneurship.
How to Establish a Programme Service Company
Third five year plan : a draft outline
Strategic Marketing Proposal Plan For A Cosmetics Company : BB Cream of Maybelline New York Vietnam
S-Meal Cooking Application:  A Business Plan
The Baltoscandian confederation
Marketing plan for accountancy company Passiva Ltd.
Aireview's German military aircraft in The Second World War
Business Plan for a Record Company
The marriage pact
Marketing classics : a selection of influential articles
A location strategy, advertising banner and operational leaflets for a case company Kenkä-Oscar Ltd.
This Bachelor  ́s thesis set out to compose a marketing communications plan that can be adapted into actual use by Company XYZ. The emphasis of the research was put on studying the success of the company  ́s  existing marketing communications tools as well as the existing customers ́ and partners ́ reception of the suggested additions. These additions were created through research of relevant academic literature and the input of the company representatives. The choice of promotional tools was also restricted to an extent by financial boundaries set by XYZ. The theoretical framework was formed by combining Fill  ́s marketing communications planning framework with the collective input of marketing communications theories from Pelsmacker, Geuens and Van den Bergh and Vuokko. Following the theoretical analysis and the construction of a preliminary marketing communications plan, a quantitative survey was carried out with a total of 45 respondents, each an existing customer of XYZ or in another way already affiliated with the company. The survey - conducted electronically -concentrated on mapping the opinions of the respondents regarding XYZ  ́s current marketing communications. The survey also presented the respondents with the suggested new promotional tools in order to gain feedback on which ones are noteworthy enough to include in the revised marketing communications plan and which ones to eliminate entirely. The distribution of the survey endured for 20 days, after which results were gathered, presented and analyzed. Based on the analysis, a revised marketing communications model was created and conclusions for the company were made. Generally XYZ  ́s existing promotional tools work well, with the company  ́s website and personal referrals raising as the two most important and functional tools. The company is also promoted well via trade shows and car dealerships and printed material such as brochures and magazine articles. The most lucrative additions to the promotional mix were found to be a direct mail campaign, a monthly electronic newsletter and free gifts. Also XYZ  ́s existing blog and Facebook group were regarded as promotional tools that have potential but need to be developed further to work fully. Further research opportunities lie in the company  ́s brand analysis, more effective ways of using social media as a promotional media and an expansion plan for the company once they become large enough to be able to cater to a market larger than Finland.
Peter Zumthor : Buildings and Projects / Vol. 3, 1998-2001
Comprehensive Renovation Plan for Water Environment of Lujiabang River : Shanghai, China
How to save a failing project : chaos to control
Finland's national changeover plan for the introduction of the Euro : 18 December 1997
ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND ESTABLISHMENT OF A MILK TEA SHOP IN FINLAND
Technical assistance to the Kingdom of Cambodia and the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam for the greater Mekong subregion-infrastructure improvement : Ho Chi Minh City to Phnom Penh highway project
Archiprix 2005 : de beste nederlandse studentenplannen = Archiprix 2005 : the best plans by Dutch students
Marketing for tourism
Potential demand for a sushi bar in Varkaus
Marketing Plan for B-to-B Customers
Marketing Plan of Rental Apartments in Costa Blanca for Scandinavians : Case: Zariko Enterprise SL
MARKETING PLAN FOR E-COMMERCE START-UP COMPANY
An effective marketing plan for Fitness-Consulting
Business Plan for PG World Agency
Marketing plan for event management company : case: Clubworks
Lead generation and management plan for Wellness Friski
Delayed space : work of Homa Fardjadi and Mohsen Mostafavi
Challenges facing future military strategic leadership - views reflecting a small-state perspective
Analysis and design of security aspects for information management system : the case of DACAD Ltd
Business Plan for Cafe "Bulevaardi"
The Taliban cricket club
Siirtolaisuusinstituutin toimintasuunnitelma vuodelle 1988 = The Institute of Migration : plans for 1988.
Zaha Hadid : the complete buildings and projects
Designs for English sculpture 1680-1860
Set in war-torn Kabul, a harrowing yet tender novel--think "Bend It Like Beckham" in a burka--about one woman's courage and guile in the face of terror and tyranny.
Fundamentals of business-to-business marketing : mastering business markets
Waste management plan for Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse
Life - Faith - Prayer : confirmation training plan 2001
New York architecture 1970-1990
The objective of the study is to suggest a Japanese premium towel brand, Imabari Towel how to market its products in Germany. One intention of the study is to see the brand's appropriate positioning in the target market. Another intention is to demonstrate the general picture of the potential German customers and illustrate the important differences between them and the Japanese consumers. The last intention is to propose necessary adaptation of the marketing tools specifically for the targets. The challenge is approached by developing a marketing plan, which provides necessary information on the target market and guides the brand to entering Germany. The theoretical framework was based on different theories concerning the marketing planning processes and international marketing mainly by Wood, Stone and MacCall, Albaum and Duerr, and Czinkota and Ronkainen. The theoretical study provided the original framework of the marketing plan to be created in the following empirical part of study. The empirical part of the study was carried out in form of individual face-to-face interview with seven German potential consumers who would be interested in using the products of Imabari Towel. The purpose of the interviews was to gain deep understanding of the Germans' typical attitudes, behaviours and mindsets regarding buying and using of towels. Moreover, ten product samples of the brand were presented in the interviews, and the respondents' perception of the brand and its actual products were observed. The analytical approach was qualitative. The results revealed that the Germans tend to share some beliefs which influence on their behaviour in purchasing and using towels. The interviewees' impression of the brand turned out positive, but specific improvements were mentioned by them. At the same time, the findings suggested requirement for several critical adaptations on the brand's product to suit the needs of Germans, and also indicated how to make use of price, place and promotion in order to establish the desired brand in the Germany. In conclusion, the approach of developing a marketing plan to demonstrate how to market the brand in the target country worked very well. The interview results were applied to contents of the marketing plan, and the created marketing plan demonstrated all the recommendations for the brand: to position itself as a luxurious towel brand in Germany; to make necessary adaptations in each marketing tool according to the spotted behaviours and mindsets of the Germans regarding use and purchase of towels.
Archiprix 1998 : de beste studentenplannen = Archiprix 1998 : the best plans by Dutch students
Marketing hospitality
Digital marketing plan for a news agency
Revenge. the complete fourth and final season
The Friday gospels
The management of marketing
Guideline for companies: creating digital marketing communications plan
A strategic marketing plan : case company Mundus Aer Oy
Love is a thief
Lover avenged : a novel of the black dagger brotherhood
Plan and section drawing
Erweiterung des Berlin Museums mit Abteilung Jüdisches Museum = Extension to the Berlin Museum with Jewish Museum Department
Developing Degree Programme in Tourism in Tampere University of Applied Sciences  : Stakeholders' Perspective
Developing Online Promotion Mix For Mobile Application
Marketing plan for Kuntokeskus Verde Oy
Digital marketing communication plan for InStyle
Business Plan of a Motorcycle Company : Case: Motosi Oy
Drill rig technical training curriculum
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care services and the administration of environmental protection between 1990 and 1994.
Chinese marketing plan for a destination management company in Lapland
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
How to write a marketing plan
U.S. foreign policy for the 1970's : building for peace : a report to the congress by Richard Nixon, president of the United States, February 25, 1971.
Strategic management and marketing strategy in insurance companies : case: China Life Insurance Company Limited in Shifang
Marketing plans : how to prepare them, how to use them
Business plan: : Lean consulting company in the software engineering industry
Rural issues in Estonian electoral platforms 1995-2007
Peter Zumthor : Buildings and Projects / Vol. 4, 2002-2007
Effective Business Planning: : A key To Successful Enterprises
Forty years of Finnish pre-school education : the development of curricula between 1972 and 2000
Managing inter@ctively : executing business strategy, improving communication, and creating a knowledge-sharing culture
What constitutes the pre-school curricula? : discourses of core curricula for pre-school education in Finland in 1972-2000
Hospitality marketing : principles and practice
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
Internal Communication and Network Operators
A wedding at Christmas
Centralized Debtor Database for Instant Loan Creditors - New Service Concept
Marketing plan for travel agency Ven-Fin Tour Oy
Exporting Long Drink to Vietnam :
case: A Finnish Brewery
The communication plan : the heart of strategic communication
The suggested Marketing plan for new student ICON package in the ICON department of Banglalink company
Business plan for Suomen koristetuonti
Luonnollisesti Oulujärvi Ky marketing plan for 2009
Anatomy of a business plan : a step-by-step guide to building a business and securing your company's future
Marketing plan for Poetic Sound for marketing cover bands
The marketing plan handbook
Experienced and expected support needs in local sustainable energy action planning (SEAP)
Safety plan for the City of Helsinki 2011-2014 : abstract
Marketing plan for Hua Wu Chinese restaurant in The Nordic China Center
Safer traffic in the Nordic Countries : action programme 1992-1994
Developing a marketing communications plan for Company XYZ
Studying the Business Prospects of a Potential Handmade Chocolate Shop in Helsinki, Finland
Arkkitehti = Arkitekten = Finnish architectural review. 6 B, [Kiasma]
The study on the national water master plan : sectoral report (G), flood control plan
Entrepreneur and Establishment of a Mini Hotel in XiChang, China
Peter Zumthor, Pritzker laureate 2009, unarguably ranks among the most important contemporary architects. He is revered worldwide for the stringency of his architectural concepts, the clarity of his designs, his sensitiveness for location and context, and for his conscious and careful use of materials. He is celebrated for the pure and atmospheric spaces he has created, such as Kunsthaus Bregenz (Bregenz, Austria), Therme Vals (Vals, Switzerland), Kolumba Art Museum (Cologne, Germany), or in 2011 the Serpentine Gallery Pavilion in London, Hortus Conclusus. Yet his lesser known residential buildings in Switzerland or the Field Chapel for Brother Klaus (near Mechernich, Germany) have also won great acclaim from architectural critics. Zumthor is much admired by students and teachers of architecture alike also for his philosophical approach to the task of building and for his writings on architectural thought. The new five-volume set is the first comprehensive monograph on Zumthor's work in more than fifteen years. Around 40 of his buildings and unrealised projects are presented in detail with brief descriptive texts by Zumthor himself, with photographs, sketches, drawings and plans.A complete list of works 1975-2013 rounds out the book. Photographs are contributed by Helene Binet, Hans Danuser and others.
Writing a successful business plan
Strategic Marketing Plan for Perfect Commodity LTD
MoNArch : Modern Nordic Architecture 1994-5. Workshop 30.1.-3.2.1995 : many and me
Figure di pietra = Figures of stone
Second five year plan
Lake country
A marketing plan for business expansion : applied on Normet Corporation in China
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Marketing your business
The directive
The lunar exploration scrapbook  : a pictorial history of lunar vehicles
Bernard Tschumi : architecture in/of motion
Peter Zumthor : Buildings and Projects / Vol. 2., 1990-1997
Market entry plan for finnish solar energy technology : case: Suncol Oy & Germany
The definitive business plan : the fast-track to intelligent business planning for executives and entrepreneurs
Plans and the structure of behavior
National core curriculum for upper secondary schools 2003 : national core curriculum for general upper secondary education intended for young people
Marketing plan for a restaurant
Marketing planning of a new product - a case study of RFID products in Auraprint Oy
A business and marketing plan for the cleaning company Hardmakers Oy
As the world gets more industrialized and its population rises, the question of waste management becomes more and more relevant every day. The issues concerning solid waste management are global, and operators in different fields need to take responsibility for the waste that their operations create.     This final thesis presents a new waste management plan for the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere. Valio Ltd is the leading dairy product manufacturer in Finland and it employs directly and indirectly about 30 000 persons (Valio Oy 2015a, 2015b). Nearly 80 of these employees are working in the distribution warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere.  The work for this thesis was done between January and May 2015. The main focus points of the waste management reform in the warehouse of Valio Ltd. Tampere are the reduction of mixed waste and energy waste, and better recovery of the recyclable materials. The new plan is based on reducing the size of the waste bins and locating them close to where the waste is produced. Well-functioning waste management releases space and resources for other operations at the warehouse.    The materials that were used as source information for the new waste management plan were literature such as legislation and the waste-handling guidelines of the Tampere Regional Solid Waste Management Company. Several discussions with the employees and management of Valio Ltd. Tampere, as well as a questionnaire on the target group's recycling habits provided input for the new waste management plan.    According to the findings of this thesis, it seems that training employees and organizing their work environment so that recycling is made easy will lead to the wanted results. In this case, the results were better recovery of recyclable materials and minimization of the amount of waste being disposed of in rubbish dumps.  The new waste management plan has been successfully implemented at the warehouse, and the maintenance of waste collection points is functioning properly. The aim of the thesis was to create a well-functioning waste management plan for the Valio Ltd. Tampere distribution warehouse, and that aim has been achieved, and completed on schedule.      The public version of this thesis does not contain the layout of the warehouse (Appendix 4), and the annual amount of waste generated at the warehouse.     Key words: waste management plan, recycling, source separation.
Marketing plan for Gasthaus Willa Elsa ry
Threat vector
Quick & easy solutions to marker techniques
Business plan: Destination Wedding Finland
Becoming Scarlett
Starting up : archieving success with professional business planning
Weighing the value of continuity management : analysis of disaster recovery planning in organizations
Marketing Plan for a SME
Peter Zumthor : Buildings and Projects / Vol. 5., 2008-2013
Strategic market planning : problems and analytical approaches
Exporting and Importing Used Car and Spare Parts from Europe to Africa a Business Plan for a New Company
Care planning and delivery in intellectual disability nursing
Marketing and pricing strategies in the service industry : case study: Elinkautinen
Warduff : and the corncob caper
BUSINESS PLAN BLUEPRINT OF A CAFE IN RUSSIA
Marketing Plan  : Abacus breaking into the Finnish market
Marketing made easy
Marketing for small tourism enterprises : case study Kinnalan Koukku
The architecture of Enric Miralles and Carme Pinós
Laadunhallintajärjestelmät. Opastusta laatusuunnitelmista = Quality management systems. Guidelines for quality plans
The process and challenges of establishing a consulting business : Tmi Helpperi
Hospitality marketing management
The irrelevance of stated plans in predicting farm successions in Finland
Marketing communications plan to support the launch of the MBA degree under the Federation University brand
Marketing plan for Datasteel's new product, Futuran
Business Plan for Café ''Bulevaardi''
Marketing Plan for Finnish Food Oy
The purpose of this thesis is to create a digital marketing communication plan for InStyle. InStyle is a company, which sells clothes and accessories through their online store and in their brick-and-mortar store located in Savonlinna. The company has thought their target group to be 15 to 25 year old women, who use alternative fashion. The idea for this thesis comes from a friend, who knows entrepreneurs of InStyle's. At first the thesis was discussed to be marketing communication plan for InStyle. However, after a while it was discussed to be more efficient for the company to have marketing communication plan, which would concentrate on digital Media. This changes the thesis topic to be digital marketing communication plan for InStyle. The thesis was conducted as secondary research, where researches, such as reports, press articles or previous market researches, are studied and utilised to form a conclusion. The theoretical framework consist theory of marketing, strategic marketing, marketing communications, integrated marketing communications and digital marketing communications. The third chapter of the thesis contains the starting point analysis of the business. This analysis contains company analysis, 4P's marketing mix, company's environment analysis and competitor analysis. Company's SWOT-analysis has been based on these analyses. As a result of this thesis process, the company was provided with digital marketing communications plan, which contained objectives, strategy, methods, marketing communications mix, resources, scheduling, control and evaluation and feedback. With the plan InStyle is able to develop their current digital marketing communication to be more effective to try attracting customers to their online store through various digital channels. By following this plan InStyle can increase the number of visitors in their web page, increase the number of followers in their social media channels and hence visibility and awareness on customers.
Business Plan     : Case: Liujun Consulting Service
Chapel of Vuotso
The race
National plan for the organization of social welfare and health care service in 1993-1996
Marketing plan for Huaji Hotel in Hangzhou China
Improving ice hockey development plan in Japan
Guideline for companies : creating digital marketing communications plan
Suggestions for a Marketing Plan for Guardian of the Baltic Sea
Examining effectiveness of an immigrant labor market integration intervention : the role of acculturation, discrimination, self-efficacy, outcome expectances, action and coping planning
Business plans that work : a guide for small business
The conservation centre : Masterplan
Marketing concepts in practise : case study: Company X
The management of change in Finland's wooden historic urban landscapes : Old Rauma
For marketing courses that focus on creating a marketing plan. A step-by-step guide to creating a customized marketing plan. The Marketing Plan Handbook is the only planning handbook to guide readers, step-by-step, through the complete development of a realistic, customized marketing plan.
E-marketing plan- Case study E.Luhta Oy Ltd
An illustrated life : drawing inspiration from the private sketchbooks of artists, illustrators and designers
Scenario-driven planning : learning to manage strategic uncertainty
B2B marketing plan for Flying Stars
Scenes from an impending marriage : A prenuptial memoir
Developing a marketing plan for Japanese brand to enter Germany : case: Imabari Towel
Marketing Plan for a Scuba Diving Company
Peter Zumthor : Buildings and Projects / Vol. 1., 1985-1989
Marketing plan and marketing research for KUAS Game studies
Summer at Tiffany's
Marketing plan for Kuuskajaskari Island
International Marketing Strategy for Herborist
Designing user acceptance testing plan for ERP implementation
Finnish national workplace development programme 1996-99 : final report of the management group to the Economic Council Helsinki, December 15, 1999.
