http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17530 pulpwood
pulpwood
Smart fibres, fabrics and clothing
Forest plantations on Imperata grasslands in Indonesia : establishment, silviculture and utilization potential
Quality and yield of pulpwood in drained peatland forests : pulpwood properties of Scots pine in stands of first commercial thinnings
The use of first-thinning Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) as fiber raw material for the kraft pulp and paper industry
"Bringing together widely scattered information on the fundamental concepts and technological applications for the manufacture of wood and natural fiber composites, this reference provides a much needed overview of this rapidly evolving field in a way that is accessible for advanced undergraduates, graduate students, and practicing professionals alike. After first covering the fundamental concepts, the book then moves on to discuss technical applications and finally concludes with a discussion on environmental considerations, sustainability, and methods of evaluating product properties and performance"--
Variation in tracheid properties of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.)
Plants for man
Economical evaluation of fast-growing trees : case study on Eucalyptus camaldulensis, Acacia mangium and Melia azedarach northeast Thailand
Electron microscopic and spectroscopic studies on the surface ultrastructure of kraft pulp fibres
Basic density and conversion factors for industrial and pulpwood chips
Dry-storage and water sprinkling of spruce pulpwood. 1, Effects on wood properties
Illustrared dictionary of fabrics
Wood fiber contents of different materials in the paper industry material chain expressed in roundwood equivalents (RWEs)
Variation of Norway spruce (Picea abies L. Karst.) fibre properties within trees and estimation of fibre length and width with certain tree and wood properties
The intrinsic mechanisms of softwood fiber damage in brown stock fiber line unit operations
Fibre properties as control variables in papermaking?. Part 2, Strengthening interfibre bonds and reducing grammage
Long-term supply and demand projections for wood products in Austria until 2020 : a contribution to the UN-ECE/FAO "European forest sector outlook study" = Langfristige Vorausschau für das Angebot von und die Nachfrage nach Holzprodukten in Österreich bis 2020
Fibre properties as control variables in papermaking?. Part 1, Fibre properties of key importance in the network
Tribology of natural fiber polymer composites
Friction in textile materials
Materiology : the creative industry's guide to materials and technologies
Wood-based boards : response to attack by mould and stain fungi
Handbook of wood chemistry and wood composites
Information flow model for Swedish pulp wood supply
Cotton fibers : developmental biology, quality improvement, and textile processing
Pretreatments of Norway spruce pulpwood for pressure groundwood production
At present, there are no means for reliably comparing the wood fiber contents of different material streams within the paper industry material chain with each other. The aim of this article is to introduce conversion factors that make it possible to quantify the volume of wood expressed in roundwood equivalent (RWE) values for different paper industry-related materials in the material chain. These conversion factors apply to wood pulp, paper, and recovered paper. European data are used in quantifying the paper industry material streams and calculating the RWE conversion factors. The introduced conversion factors can be used to estimate RWE volumes at a global scale. With assumption that paper recycling did not occur and that paper production volume remained unchanged, an additional volume of 666 million m3 RWEs would be required globally per annum to produce 167 million tons of virgin wood pulp to replace 222 million tons of recovered paper utilized by the paper industry in 2010. This volume is approximately the same as 1.6 times the total removal of wood in Europe (EU27), or the total annual removal of wood in the USA, Canada, and Brazil combined..
Testing for oligopsony power in the Finnish pulpwood market
Energy wood and pulpwood harvesting from young stands using a prototype whole-tree bundler
Econometric models on the Finnish roundwood market
"This book explores the fascinating history and present-day practices associated with cotton. This is a story of commercial and cultural enterprise, of war between East and West, of technological and industrial revolution, social modernisation, colonialism and slavery. And yet cotton remains one of the most significant mass commodities today. Cotton's history and track record on labour conditions and the environment have tarnished its history and reputation, even as cotton clothes have become the mark of modern industrialised society. Yet cottons also take other cultural forms and cotton textiles and artifacts are part of a vibrant craft tradition in many parts of the world. This book explores the history, impact and ongoing life of this hugely influential textile"--
Variation in tracheid properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Screening and cleaning of pulp : a study to the parameters affecting separation
Storage of spruce pulpwood for mechanical pulping. Part 1, Effects on wood properties and industrially produced pulp
Drying of pulpwood in northern Finland
Integrated production method of wood fuel and pulp wood
Global review of commercialized transgenic crops : 2001 feature: Bt cotton
Equilibria and balances of metal ions in kraft pulping
Fibre supply: the achilles heel of the global pulp and paper industry
Digital image analysis for wood fiber images
Analyzing the views of wood harvesting professionals related to the approaches for increasing the cost-efficiency of wood harvesting from young stands
Introduction to wood and natural fiber composites
Handbook of fiber chemistry
Projecting pulpwood prices under different assumptions on future capacities in the pulp and paper industry
Modern particleboard and dry-process fiberboard manufacturing
Pulpwoods of the United States and Canada. Vol. 1, Conifers
The relative solid content of Finnish pulpwood and the factors affecting it.
Outlook on mechanical wood processing in Estonia
Diversity in the plant genus Chaenomeles
Accessibility and enzymatic degradation of native and model cellulose substrates
2009 Wood and Fiber Product Seminar : VTT and USDA joint activity : September 22-23, 2009
The effects of thinning and fertilisation on wood and tracheid properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies) : the results of long-term experiments
Wood material science year book 2004 : Finnish-Swedish research programme 2003-2007
World wood fibre study. Vol. 1, Analysis and forecast
Modern machine shop's guide to engineering materials
Pulp and paper manufacture. Vol. 1, Properties of fibrous raw materials and their preparation for pulping
Pitch control, wood resin and deresination
Process chemistry in chemithermomechanical pulping
Brightness, bleachability and colour reversion of groundwood made of wet- and dry-stored Norway spruce (Picea abies) pulpwood
Timber quality preservation
Eucalypt debarking at the stump with harvester head technology
Storage of spruce pulpwood for mechanical pulping. Part 2, Effects of different sprinkling parameters on wood properties and pulp produced using a laboratory grinder
Wood and fiber properties of Norway spruce and its suitability for thermomechanical pulping
Fibre guide : fibre analysis and process applications in the pulp and paper industry : a handbook
Storage of spruce pulpwood : effects on wood and mechanical pulp
Cotton : science and technology
The Russian forest resource physical accessibility by economic region
Econometric forecasting model of the Finnish rounwood market
Interdependence of the sawlog, pulpwood and sawmill chip markets : an oligopsony model with an application to Finland
Roadside storage of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.) pulpwood - effect on moisture content of climate conditions, felling season and exposure
Characterisation of wood properties for improved utilisation of Norway and Scots pine
Harvesting undelimbed Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) from first thinnings for integrated production of kraft pulp and energy
A history of textile art
Density, modulus of elasticity, creep, and durability of hardboard : a bibliography
On the seasoning and decay of aspen pulpwood prepared in summertime.
Export price and exchange rate effects in roundwood markets of Finland, Sweden and Austria
Optimization of pulpwood assortments - a simulation approach applied by Metsä-Botnia and STFI
Pulpwood quality control : classification of logs due to fiber dimensions
Wood and fiber science
Raw material balance for debarking and chipping of pine pulpwood from first thinnings at a Finnish pulp mill
Pulpwood production : a textbook for use in courses in pulpwood harvesting at the high school and post high school levels
Estimating supply and demand for roundwood : how to incorporate the data and theory?
Econometric analyses of forest products markets and wood processing industries
Effect of compression wood on dimensional stability of medium density fiberboard
Wood fibre cell walls : methods to study their formation, structure and properties
Wood material science and engineering research programme : year book 2006
Dry-storage and water sprinkling of spruce pulpwood. Part 2, Effects on groundwood pulp properties
Fiber atlas : identification of papermaking fibers
Meeting the challenge in the world cotton market and the Chinese cotton industry : proceedings of the 1999 China International Cotton Conference, Xi'an, China, 1-3 September 1999
Summary.
Effects of sale-specific factors on stumpage prices in Finland
The MASSAHAKE method pulp chips and high-grade wood fuel from whole-tree chips
Modelling of variations in wood and fibre properties in Norway spruce = Modellering av variasjoner i ved og fiberegenskaper hos gran (Picea abies)
Effect of compression wood on surface roughness and surface absorption of medium density fiberboard
All about cotton : a fabric dictionary & swatchbook
Stumpage and delivery trade in the Finnish pulpwood market
Wood material science and research programme : year book 2005
Carbon dioxide permeability of cellulose-insulated wall structures
Sorting Norway spruce pulpwood
The fibre chain for paper making : a company approach
