http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17500 war orphans
war orphans
These dark wings
From the highly acclaimed, multiple award-winning Anthony Doerr, a stunningly ambitious and beautiful novel about a blind French girl and a German boy whose paths collide in occupied France as both try to survive the devastation of World War II. Marie Laure lives with her father in Paris within walking distance of the Museum of Natural History where he works as the master of the locks (there are thousands of locks in the museum). When she is six, she goes blind, and her father builds her a model of their neighborhood, every house, every manhole, so she can memorize it with her fingers and navigate the real streets with her feet and cane. When the Germans occupy Paris, father and daughter flee to Saint-Malo on the Brittany coast, where Marie-Laure's agoraphobic great uncle lives in a tall, narrow house by the sea wall. In another world in Germany, an orphan boy, Werner, grows up with his younger sister, Jutta, both enchanted by a crude radio Werner finds. He becomes a master at building and fixing radios, a talent that wins him a place at an elite and brutal military academy and, ultimately, makes him a highly specialized tracker of the Resistance. Werner travels through the heart of Hitler Youth to the far-flung outskirts of Russia, and finally into Saint-Malo, where his path converges with Marie-Laure. Doerr's gorgeous combination of soaring imagination with observation is electric. Deftly interweaving the lives of Marie-Laure and Werner, Doerr illuminates the ways, against all odds, people try to be good to one another. Ten years in the writing, All the Light We Cannot See is his most ambitious and dazzling work.
News of the world : a novel
Aftermath
The path to the nest of spiders
Tulik채rp채sten hauta : Grave of the fireflies
The burning bridge
The drowned cities
Once & Then
The icebound land
The tigers wife
The German boy
Then
The mirror empire
Plague child
Through the eyes of innocents : children witness World War II
Tulik채rp채sten hauta = Grave of the fireflies
Tampere 1918 : a town in the civil war
A Leaf on the wind of all hallows : an outlander novella
The tiger's wife
Beyond Anne Frank : hidden children and postwar families in Holland
The book of Aron
In the country of Carthya, a devious nobleman engages four orphans in a brutal competition to be selected to impersonate the king's long-missing son in an effort to avoid a civil war.
Respect!
The silvered heart
Hannibal rising : a novel
Goliath
Destiny of a man
Leviathan
Summary.
Alone on a wide wide sea
The man in the Moon
The false prince
Whitethorn
The search
All the light we cannot see : a novel
My name's not Friday
In a dark future America that has devolved into unending civil wars, orphans Mahlia and Mouse barely escape the war-torn lands of the Drowned Cities, but their fragile safety is soon threatened and Mahlia will have to risk everything if she is to save Mouse, as he once saved her / Library off Congress.
Behemoth
The mascot : the extraordinary story of a young Jewish boy and an SS extermination squad
