http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17598 presidents
presidents
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 8, 25 Februaryto 31 October 1785
Mandela's way : fifteen lessons on life, love, and courage
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Reflections on Nelson Mandela : icon of peace
The man without a face : the unlikely rise of Vladimir Putin
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 21, 1943.
The papers of Thomas Jefferson : Index, volumes 1-6
Personal : [A Jack Reacher thriller]
It can't happen here
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The american presidents
Abraham Lincoln : a biography
Abraham Lincoln : the prairie years
Rendezvous with destiny : how Franklin D. Roosevelt and five extraordinary men took America into the War and into the world
Nelson Mandela
Israel at fifty 1848-1998 : the presidents of the state of Israel
Behind the president : a study of executive office agencies
Mandela : a film and historical companion : a major motion picture based on Nelson Mandela's bestselling autobiography Long walk to freedom
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 11, 1 January to 6 August 1787
From out of the city
Abraham Lincoln : vampire hunter
Lincoln, the man
Our country's presidents
No one left to lie to : the triangulations of William Jefferson Clinton
Bill Clinton as they know him : an oral biography
JFK's last hundred days : the transformation of a man and the emergence of a great president
The papers of Woodrow Wilson. Vol. 36, January 27 - May 8, 1916
The presidency of Benjamin Harrison
Neutrality : the Finnish position : speeches by Dr Urho Kekkonen president of Finland
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 19, 1942.
Saucer country. [Vol. 1] : Run
Bushspeak : the curious wit & wisdom of George W. Bush
Winter is coming : why Vladimir Putin and the enemies of the free world must be stopped
The life and selected writings of Thomas Jefferson
I have a dream : the speeches that changed history
The presidency today
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 7, 2 March 1784 to 25 February 1785
The papers of George Washington. Colonial series, 9 : January 1772 - March 1774
The inner circle
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 5, 1935.
The Lyndon Johnson story
Wilson. [4], Confusions and crises 1915-1916
"Brother Woodrow" : a memoir of Woodrow Wilson
Love him or hate him, Trump's influence is undeniable. A man of great media savvy, entrepreneurial spirit, and political clout, Trump's career has been plagued by legal troubles and mounting controversy. Johnston tells the full story of how a boy from a quiet section of Queens, NY would become an entirely new, and complex, breed of public figure. Drawing on decades of interviews, financial records, court documents, and public statements, Johnston gives us the most in-depth look yet at the man who would be president.
Barack & Michelle : the love story
"Admiral James G Stavridis, US Navy, former Supreme Allied Commander Europe. Closely modelled on his NATO experience of war gaming future conflicts, 2017 War With Russia is a chilling account of where we are heading if we fail to recognise the threat posed by the Russian president. Written by the recently retired Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe and endorsed by senior military figures, this book shows how war with Russia could erupt with the bloodiest and most appalling consequences if the necessary steps are not taken urgently... "--Publisher description.
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 23, January, 1944-June, 1944.
The chief executive
Theodore Roosevelt and the progressive movement
The Kennedys
Good morning, Mr Mandela : a young woman, a president, a life-changing friendship
The presidental veto : touchstone of the American presidency
Waging peace, 1956-1961 : the White House years (2)
The Obama White House : through the lens
Korea's quest for reform & globalization : selected speeches of president Kim Young Sam
Parliamentary oversight of the exceptional situations in a presidential system : debating the reassertion of the constitutional powers of the US Congress
The pleasure of Eliza Lynch
Personal : a Jack Reacher novel
The Amateur : Barack Obama in the White House
J. K. Paasikivi : a pictorial biography
Demystifying Duterte’s Populism in the Philippines
Appealing to women : a rhetoric analysis of Mitt Romney's and Barack Obama's election debates in the 2012 presidential election
The American presidency
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 9, 1 November 1785 to 22 June 1786
Tom Clancy Support and Defend : a Campus novel
The promise : president Obama, year one
At ease : stories I tell to friends
Let us prevent a national split and reunify the country : speech at the Pyongyang Mass Rally to welcome the Party and Government Delegation of the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic, June 23, 1973
Atatürk's Legacy : A Worldview in Historical Context
Presidential leadership, illness, and decision making
John Kennedy : a political profile
The Hopkins touch : Harry Hopkins and the forging of the alliance to defeat Hitler
The triumph of improvisation : Gorbachev's adaptability, Reagan's engagement and the end of the Cold War
American wife : a novel
Leonìd Kutšma: ljudina ì prezident = Leonid Kuchma: personality and president : [fotoalbom ]
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Mrs. Grant and Madame Jule : a novel
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
American wife
Big agenda : President Trump's Plan to Save America
2017 war with Russia : an urgent warning from senior military command
Presidential power in focus : the case of the Finnish president
"When Bernie Sanders began his race for the presidency, it was considered by the political establishment and the media to be a "fringe" campaign, something not to be taken seriously. After all, he was just an independent senator from a small state with little name recognition. His campaign had no money, no political organization, and it was taking on the entire Democratic Party establishment. By the time Sanders's campaign came to a close, however, it was clear that the pundits had gotten it wrong. Bernie had run one of the most consequential campaigns in the modern history of the country. He had received more than 13 million votes in primaries and caucuses throughout the country, won twenty-two states, and more than 1.4 million people had attended his public meetings. Most important, he showed that the American people were prepared to take on the greed and irresponsibility of corporate America and the 1 percent. In Our Revolution, Sanders shares his personal experiences from the campaign trail, recounting the details of his historic primary fight and the people who made it possible. And for the millions looking to continue the political revolution, he outlines a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that will create jobs, raise wages, protect the environment, and provide health care for all--and ultimately transform our country and our world for the better. For him, the political revolution has just started. The campaign may be over, but the struggle goes on."--Provided by publisher.
Dinner with Mugabe : the untold story of a freedom fighter who became a tyrant
Two Americans : Truman, Eisenhower and a dangerous world
The fifth assasin
Presidential power : the politics of leadership
Always a reckoning, and other poems
Killing Reagan : the violent assault that changed a presidency
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 11, 1938.
The twilight of the presidency
George Washington
Guide to the presidency. Vol. 1
From might to mandate : values in rulers' public speeches in Finland 1809-2000
American weather
The good son : JFK Jr. and the mother he loved
The impeachment and trial of Andrew Johnson
Citizen soldier : a life of Harry S. Truman
The American political process
Maybe : a Donovan Creed novel
The 1980s : meeting a new challenge : selected speeches of president Chun Doo Hwan. [1]
The president's shadow
The modern presidency
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 3, 1934.
Calvin Coolidge : the quiet president
Presidential leadership : politics and policy making
So you want to be president?
JFK : conspiracy of silence
Tom Clancys support and defend
American presidents and presidency
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 17, 1941.
The second year of the Nixon watch
Profiles in courage for our time
Team of rivals : the political genius of Abraham Lincoln
Facts about the presidents : a compilation of biographical and historical information
The papers of Thomas Jefferson : Index, volumes 7-12
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 10, 22 June to 31 December 1786
Eisenhower : the White House years
Aspects of Indian thought
The rise and decline of Jacksonian democracy
Saucer country. [Vol. 2] : The reticulan candidate
The audacity of hope : thoughts on reclaiming the American dream
Age of assassins : a history of conspiracy and political violence 1865-1981
Greatness in the White House : rating the presidents, Washington through Carter
The presidency A to Z
Vice : Dick Cheney and the hijacking of the American presidency
Woodrow Wilson and the politics of morality
Wilson. [1], The road to the White House
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : the cabinet and the presidency 1920-1933
The making of Donald Trump
Boris Yeltsin : from bolshevik to democrat
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 9, 1937.
For a better future
Mitterand : a study in ambiguity
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : the great depression 1929-1941
CEO, China : the rise of Xi Jinping
The unwitting
President vs. parliament : the elite struggle in the attempt to privatize Russia
Mr. Putin : operative in the Kremlin
George & Martha Washington : a revolutionary marriage
Debriefing the president : the interrogation of Saddam Hussein
Guide to the presidency. Vol. 2
Bat Boy : The complete weekly world news comic strips
The presidencies of Grover Cleveland
Semi-presidential aspects in the year 2000 Constitution of Finland
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 7, 1936.
American Caesars : lives of the presidents from Franklin D. Roosevelt to George W. Bush
Presidential power in focus : The case of the Finnish president
Roosevelt and the Holocaust : How FDR saved the Jews and brought hope to a nation
Killing Kennedy : the end of Camelot
Towards a new India
Trump revealed : an American journey of ambition, ego, money, and power
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 12, 7 August 1787 to 31 March 1788
The essential Abraham Lincoln
The position of the president of the republic in Finnish parliamentarism : presented May 13, 1966
Our revolution : a future to believe in
President Kennedy : boyhood to White House
The Nixon watch
L. B. J. : the man from Johnson City
The loving heart of a mother or a greedy politician? : media representations of female presidents in Liberia and Malawi
The Jason Fly case
Palestine : the Tunisian position : presidential address at the closing session of "Palestine Weeks" organised by the Tunisian General Students' Union, Carthage Palace, 15th March 1969
The presidency of Andrew Jackson
The papers of Thomas Jefferson
Presidentti Lyndon B. Johnsonin puhe kongressille marraskuun 27. pnä 1963 = The address of president Lyndon B. Johnson to the Congress November 27, 1963
The memoirs of Herbert Hoover : years of adventure 1874-1920
Wilson. [3], The struggle for neutrality 1914-1915
The presidential character : predicting performance in the White House
Horizons of Indian education
Bernie Sanders stormed to international headlines after running an extraordinary campaign for the Democratic primaries that saw over 13 million people turn out to vote for him, and changing the global discussion surrounding US politics. But how did a complete unknown and an avowed socialist make such waves? In Our Revolution, Sanders provides a unique insight into the campaign that galvanized a movement, sharing experiences from the campaign trail and the techniques that shaped it. And it wasn't just his use of new media; Sanders' message resonated with millions. His supporters are young and old, dissatisfied with expanding social inequality, struggling with economic instability and who rebelled against a political elite who has long ignored them. This is a global phenomenon, driving movements from Syriza in Greece to Podemos in Spain and Jeremy Corbyn in the UK. Drawing on decades of experience as activist and politician, Sanders outlines his ideas for continuing this political revolution.
Founders as fathers : the private lives and politics of the American revolutionaries
In sickness and in power : illness in heads of government during the last 100 years
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 15, 1940.
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 13, 1939.
Freedom and development : Uhuru na Maendeleo. A selection from writings and speeches 1968-1973
Public papers of the presidents of the United States
Wilson. [2], The new freedom
Freedom betrayed : Herbert Hoover's secret history of the second world war and its aftermath
Linna = The Presidential Palace
In December 2003, after one of the largest, most aggressive manhunts in history, US military forces captured Iraqi president Saddam Hussein near his hometown of Tikrit. Beset by body-double rumors and false alarms during a nine-month search, the Bush administration needed positive identification of the prisoner before it could make the announcement that would rocket around the world. At the time, John Nixon was a senior CIA leadership analyst who had spent years studying the Iraqi dictator. Called upon to make the official ID, Nixon looked for telltale scars and tribal tattoos and asked Hussein a list of questions only he could answer. The man was indeed Saddam Hussein, but as Nixon learned in the ensuing weeks, both he and America had greatly misunderstood just who Saddam Hussein really was. Debriefing the President presents an astounding, candid portrait of one of our era's most notorious strongmen.
Zuma : a biography
No end save victory : how FDR led the nation into war
In Trump we trust : e pluribus awesome!
Against the grain : an autobiography
The head and heart of Thomas Jefferson
Abraham Lincoln : the United States president who abolished the curse of slavery in his country
Trial and error : the autobiography
The age of assassins : the rise and rise of Vladimir Putin
Presidential leadership : personality and political style
The Jefferson key
Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis : the untold story
Complete presidential press conferences of Franklin D. Roosevelt. Vol. 1, 1933.
This is Nixon
The papers of Thomas Jefferson. Vol. 6, 21 May 1781 to 1 March 1784
