http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17541 palaces
palaces
Index to The Palace of Minos
Palaces of Kyoto
Pythagorean palaces : magic and architecture in the Italian renaissance
The Alhambra and Generalife : official guide
The World's greatest royal palaces
Masks and shadows
Knossos : the palace of Minos : a survey of the Minoan civilization, mythology - archaeology - history - museum - excavations
Red fortress : the secret heart of Russia's history
Royal Britain : historic palaces, castles and houses
The Ducal Palace in Venice : small historic-artistical guide
The royal rabbits of London
Visible harmony : Palladio's Villa Foscari at Malcontenta
The story of Britain's best buildings
Yiheyuan = the Summer Palace
Tsarskoye selo : the Imperial summer residence
The Palazzo Pamphilj in Piazza Navona : constructing identity in early modern Rome
World architecture : the masterworks
Eva the enchanted ball fairy
The writing on the wall : studies in the architectural context of late Assyrian palace inscriptions
Angkor : an illustrated guide to the monuments
The fact of John the Baptist's imprisonment is attested by all the Gospels and their accounts are consistent with and complement that of Josephus. The intention of the author is to situate the archaeological site in its New Testament context, in order ot elucidate the blurred scene of the biblical site, and reconstruct it as clearly as possible.
The glory of the sultans  : Islamic architecture in India
Yiheyuan = the summer palace
Royal palaces of Europe
Ancient monuments revealed
Castles and palaces of Europe
"The palace complex of the Persian King Darius I, the Great (522-486 BCE), provides unique evidence of the sophistication of Achaemenid architecture and construction. This palace, built 2500 years ago in western Iran, lay at the centre of the Persian Empire that stretched from the Nile and the Aegean to the Indus Valley. First rediscovered in 1851, the palace of Darius was partly excavated over the next century. But it was only field research between 1969 and 1979 by the noted French archaeologist Jean Perrot which revealed the site's full dimension and complexity. Its bull-headed capitals, enamel friezes of richly-clad archers holding spears, figures of noble lions and winged monsters, introduced a new iconography into the ancient Persian world. The discovery and excavation of the palace, which this book records, thus casts a new light on the beginnings of the Achaemenid period. Edited by the distinguished scholar of ancient Persia, John Curtis, the lavishly illustrated volume is a work of seminal importance for the understanding of ancient Persia, likely to be radically altered by Perrot's research and findings."--Publisher's website.
The Amber Room : the fate of the world's greatest lost treasure
Preobrazbe Turjaške palače = Metamorphoses of Auersperg Palace
Architecture, ceremonial and power : The Topkapi Palace in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries
The Rhine : culture and landscapes at the heart of Europe
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
A peep through the Hazarduary Palace of Murshidabad
Dream palaces : the last royal courts of Europe
CASTLES AND MANSIONS
Yuanmingyuan = the Yuanmingyuan
Royal palaces, residences, and pavilions of India : 13th through 18th centuries : an iconographic consideration
Palaces of Europe
The Mountain Resort and Outlying Temples
Buckingham palace : the place and the people
Saint Petersburg and its environs : [a tour of the northern capital]
The Palace of Darius at Susa : the great royal residence of Achaemenid Persia
The royal palaces of India
The Palazzo Vecchio, 1298-1532 : government, architecture, and imagery in the Civic Palace of the Florentine Republic
Palaces of Florence
Buckingham Palace: the palace and its residents in historical photographs
See inside famous buildings
Pictures of Montecitorio : the chamber of Deputies
Palaces and gardens of the Russian Museum
The recent excavations at Phaistos
The Chinese palace at Oranienbaum : Catherine the Great's private passion
Topkapi palace : an illustrated guide to its life and personalities
Islam. Vol. 1 : Early architecture from Baghdad to Cordoba
Kensington Palace : the official illustrated history
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
Royal Naurūz in Samarkand : proceedings of the conference held in Venice on the pre-Islamic paintings at Afrasiab
The complete illustrated history of the Aztec & Maya
The secret of Crete
On the history and architecture of a nineteenth century palace of the Nawab of Murshidabad, India, with brief biographies of its occupants until 1963.
My life as emperor
Palazzi of Tuscany
Machaerus I : history, archaeology and architecture of the fortified Herodian royal palace and city overlooking the Dead Sea in Transjordan : final report of the excavations and surveys, 1807-2012
Palaces : masterpieces of architecture
The great palace of Constantinople
The Russian Museum now comprises four of St. Petersburg's great palaces: the Stroganov Palace of the 1750s by the great architect of Russian baroque F. Rastrelli (with early nineteenth-century interiors by A. Voronikhin); the Marble Palace of the 1780s designed by A. Rinaldi; the Archangel Michael Castle (Engineers Castle) of the 1790s built to plans of V. Bazhenov and V. Brenna, and C. Rossi's Michael Palace of the 1820s. Together the buildings and interiors provide an excellent overview of several styles of Russian architecture and design. The last chapter, on the Summer Gardens, displays the early eighteenth-century Summer Palace built for Peter the Great, G. F. Felton's monumental iron fence, and some of the works of Italian sculpture exhibited in the gardens. -- Summary written by John W. Emerich, Bronze Horseman Literary Agency.
Caricyno : dvorcovo-parkovyj ansambl' = Tsaritsyno : palace and park ensamble
Imperial palace ; published by The Japan Times
Real Alcazar of Seville / visitors guide
Chinese architecture
See inside famous palaces
Women, gender, and the palace households in Ottoman Tunisia
1893. In the following account of the Palace of Constantinople, the Hippodrome, and the neighboring Augustaion, I often recall the difficulties of the task. Students of the Palace as it is presented in the latest works of Greek and Western writers, can form some idea of the confused nature of the subject, which, indeed, none admit more frequently than the writers themselves.
Granada and the Alhambra
World heritage in Beijing
Architecture of Thailand : a guide to traditional and contemporary forms
The best gardens in Italy : a traveller's guide
The royal palace in Brussels
Knossos : a complete guide to the palace of Minos
The Palace Museum : Peking  : treasures of the Forbidden City
Sinan : architect of Süleyman the Magnificent and the Ottoman golden age
Palaces and parks : the State Museum-Reserve Oranienbaum
Palazzi of Rome
The new palaces of Medieval Venice
Konstantinovsky Palace : National Palace of Congress. Strelna
Burke's royal palaces of Europe
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. 1, The buildings and their contents, pt. 1-2
Royal palace and gothic statues of medieval Buda : guide to the exhibition of the Budapest Historical Museum
World's (The) greatest royal palaces : Including the royal palaces of Oslo, Stockholm and Copenhagen
Topkapi : the palace of felicity
Royal palaces : Buckingham Palace : A short history
Tradition & architecture : palaces, public buildings & houses
Splendors of Versailles
Gugong = the palace museum
The Environs of St Petersburg : Peterhof, Tsarskoye Selo, Pavlovsk, Pavlovsk, Oranienbaum, Gatchina
Madrid : the Royal Palace
Gugong = The palace museum
Seventeenth-century Roman palaces : use and the art of the plan
Maddie the playtime fairy
Coming to the Summer Palace
Secrets of the past : Czartoryski-Potocki Palace : home of the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage
Chinese chess : internationalized version XiangQi
The current monograph is the direct continuation of the initial volume in the Machaerus academic monograph-series: "Machaerus I: History, Archaeology and Architecture of the Fortified Herodian Royal Palace and City Overlooking the Dead Sea in Transjordan" (Collectio Maior Series No. 53). The intention of the author unbrokenly remained the same: to elucidate the blurred, historical scene of the Gospels, and present it as authentic as possible for the future generations. The Reader through these pages will be convinced that since the spring of 1968, when Machaerus was still a virgin, untouched archaeological site, the development of the excavation field work can be tracked consistently, the uncovered monuments in the archaeological site are genuine and reliable, and all deriving from the archaeological time capsule from ca. 90 BC to 71 AD. As archaeology is a visual discipline, we had to use a lot of illustration once again. The present work has five integral parts, all of which are the artistic, scientific and field research results of the last three years: 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Versailles and the mechanics of power : the subjugation of Circe
Kanbujian de Gugong = The invisible palace
The palaces of Crete
Lupo and the curse at Buckingham Palace
Great Irish houses and castles
The Grand Canal
Leningrad : House of Peter I : Summer gardens & Palace of Peter I
The land of Ludwig II : the royal castles and residences in upper Bavaria and Swabia
Great houses of Europe
Palace architecture : imperial palaces of the Last Dynasty
Blenheim palace : Woodstock, Oxfordshire
The Palace of Nestor at Pylos in western Messenia. Vol. 2, The frescoes
Sofia Albertina : the palace of a princess
RISEN FROM THE ASHES : PETRODVORETS, PUSHKIN ..
Machaerus II : the Hungarian arhaeological mission in the light of the American-Babtist and Italian-Franciscan excavations and surveys : final report 1968-2015
The environs of St. Petersburg : Petrodvorets-Lomonosov, Pushkin-Pavlovsk
Katsura : a princely retreat
Includes an alphabetically arranged list of major rulers of various regions of India for the period covered.
Dvorec-muzej A. D. Menšikova = The Palace Museum of Alexander Menshikov
In the palaces of the sultan
See inside houses long ago
Chinese architecture : palaces, gardens, temples and dwellings
The former imperial palace in Beijing
The world's greatest royal palaces including the royal places of Oslo, Stockholm and Copenhagen
Mansions of Paris
European garden design : from classical antiguity to the present day
Royal gardens : extraordinary Edens from around the world
The house
Ruskin's Venice : the stones revisited
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
Power and women in the Neo-Assyrian palaces
