http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1754 flora
flora
Wildflowers of the Pacific Northwest
A guide to the flowering plants and ferns
A Flora of Cambridgeshire
Coral reefs
Composition of seed banks of roadsides, stream verges and agricultural fields in southern Norway
Field guide to the wild plants of the Benelux
Plants of Angola = Plantas de Angola
Finnish botanists on the Kola Peninsula (Russia) up to 1918.
Water quality assessments : a guide to the use of biota, sediments and water in environmental monitoring
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
Flora of Mustang, Nepal
Flora of tropical East Africa. Thelypteridaceae
Steyermark's flora of Missouri. Vol. 2
Monographs of the Upper Silesian Museum
Annotated checklist of the vascular plants of the Washington - Baltimore Area. Part 1, Ferns, fern allies, gymnosperms, and dicotyledons
Geologica : earth's dynamic forces : geological time, supercontinents, climate, landforms, animals, plants
Christian Steven made several excursions to the Caucasus, Crimea and the southern provinces of Russia. He visited occasionally also Lower Volga area and did botanical collections, jointly with Marschall von Bieberstein in 1800. In this article, we present Stevens activity here. He collected plant specimens in Lower Volga area in 1800, 1806, 1811 and 1816. Based on specimens collected here, and in some cases additionally also elsewhere, Steven described Adonis volgensis (1817), Ceratocephala incurva (1848), C. leiocarpa (1848), C. reflexa (1848) and Centaurea gerberi (Steven 1856). Further, Allium sabulosum (Steven ex Bunge 1838) and Delphinium cuneatum (Steven ex DC. 1818) were described based on material Steven collected in this region.
Flora of Bangladesh. 57, Capparaceae
Canary Islands. II : Tenerife and La Comera, Spain
To sail beyond the sunset : natural history in Australia 1699-1829
Flora of China. 1, Introduction
A revision of the tribe Ambelanieae (Apocynaceae-Plumerioideae) : series of revision of Apocynaceae part XXIV
Tropical African flowering plants : ecology and distribution. 8, Monocotyledons 2 (Anthericaceae-Palmae)
Australian vegetation
Plants of West Pakistan and Afghanistan
Travel guide to Tibet of China
An illustrated guide to the flowers of Saudi Arabia
Rspb children's guide to nature watching
The North American species of Physalis and related genera
Flowering plants of the Galápagos
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Cryopreservation in Horticultural Species : Leuven, Belgium, April 5-8, 2009
Flora of tropical East Africa. Gesneriaceae
Flowers of Greece
East African wildlife
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Flora of Taiwan. 6
Biodiversity profile of the middhills physiographic zone
Lichens of Uttar Pradesh
Flora Baltijskih respublik : svodka sosudistyh rastenij = Flora of the Baltic countries : compendium of vascular plants. 2
A handbook of the Yemen flora
Flora of Taiwan. 5, Angiosperms. Monocotyledons : [Alismataceae - Triuridaceae]
Art of nature : three centuries of natural history art from around the world
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
Flora of Panama. Part 7, fasc. 3, Melastomataceae
Flora of tropical East Africa. Blechnaceae
The flora of Natal
Six new Taraxacum (sect. Taraxacum) species (Asteraceae) from Finland and Sweden
Excursion flora of the British Isles
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
The Åland Islands in SW Finland are known for their luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants. Ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a ruderal site in the centre of the village of Godby, municipality of Finström, in 2002. Most of the organic topsoil had been removed and several rare ruderal species grew then on the open ruderal site. The site became more closed, resembling a meadow rather than a ruderal ground already in 2006 and later the vegetation developed into a tall and rough grown meadow with some shrubs and young trees. The following ruderal plants are treated more in detail: Agrostemma githago, Anthemis tinctoria, Centaurea cyanus, Cichorium intybus, Dianthus deltoides (cultivar), Echium vulgare, Holcus lanatus, Leontodon hispidus, Lotus corniculatus var. sativus, Papaver dubium subsp. dubium, P. rhoeas, Phleum phleoides, Rumex thyrsiflorus, Senecio jacobaea, Thymus pulegioides, Trifolium dubium and Vicia tenuifolia. Besides some trees and shrubs, 133 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing in the ruderal site during the period 2002-2015. The origin of the ruderal flora is not known. It is suggested that at least some of the plants have originated from seeds in the former cultivated field. A deliberate sowing of flower seeds of foreign provenance cannot, however, be excluded, although we have not been able to prove it.
Plants of western Oregon, Washington & British Columbia
Flora of Pakistan. 211, Asphodelaceae
The flora of Lincolnshire
Flora of Maine : a manual for identification of native and naturalized vascular plants of Maine
Flora of tropical East Africa. Asparagaceae
European Code of Conduct for Botanic Gardens on Invasive alien species
Threatened plants and lichens on the northwest shore of Lake Ladoga, Republic of Karelia, Russia
Flora of Pakistan. 208, Cynomoriaceae
Flora of Pakistan. 212, Hemerocallidaceae
The ballast site of Lassdal was known for its exotic plants brought with soil from abroad by sailing ships. The ballast site was more or less abandoned already at the beginning of the 20th century, at the latest. However, several ballast plants grew in Lassdal in 1946. A few of them were still growing there in 2015. The vascular plant flora comprised 17 taxa of trees and shrubs and 59 field layer taxa in 2009-2015. The following are dealt with more in detail: Allium oleraceum, Arabis glabra, Campanula rapunculoides, Carex hirta, cf. Draba incana, Hercaleum sphondylium, Medi­cago lupulina var. willdenowiana, Melilotus albus, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata. Of these, Campanula rapunculoides, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata have not been observed earlier in Lassdal.
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
A review of Taraxacum (Asteraceae) in eastern Finland (Ladoga Karelia and North Karelia)
Flora of Taiwan, second edition. Supplement, Gymnospermae - Angiospermae
Atlas över skärgårds-Finland = Saaristo-Suomen kartasto = Atlas of the archipelago of Southwestern Finland
Ruderals and weeds in Godby, Åland Islands, SW Finland
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Flora of the Sultanate of Oman. Volume 3, Loganiaceae - Asteraceae
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 7, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
Flora of New Zealand. Vol. 4, Naturalized pteridophytes, gymnosperms, dicotyledons
A field guide to the flora of South Georgia
Flora of Ashiu, Japan
Flora of tropical East Africa. Hypoxidaceae
The indigenous agroforestry systems of the south-eastern Rift Valley escarpment, Ethiopia : their biodiversity, carbon stocks, and litterfall
PLANTATT : attributes of British and Irish plants : status, size, life history, geography and habitats
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 2, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Orchidaceae, Juncaceae, Cyperaceae, Commelinaceae
Flora of Hong Kong
Rainforests
Flora of the Azores : a field guide
Living collections of botanic gardens as a means of ex situ conservation : a case study of African violets (Saintpaulia) in Europe
Flora of the Darwin region. Vol. 2
A review of Characeae (Charophyta) in Murmansk Region (Russia) with notes on a new record of Chara virgata
Hanaflora : Hanasaaren kasvimaailma = Hanaholmens växtvärld = plant life of Hanasaari island
Ranunculus cymbalaria Pursh in Finnland gefunden
Wild flowers of the Mediterranean
Flora of Bangladesh. 59, Sapindaceae
Christian Steven (1781-1863) at the Lower Volga
The Åland Islands, SW Finland, are known for luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants, but ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a waste ground in the island of Dånö, municipality of Geta, on which several non-familiar vascular plants grew. The waste ground has been used for dumping flower shop garbage and thus some unfamiliar plants have been dumped there. The following species have not been found previously as ruderal plants in the Åland Islands: Allium sativum, Cucumis melo, Dipsacus fullonum, Hedera helix, Inula helenium and Lactuca serriola. Several other more or less rare ruderals were also found on the waste ground: Bromus secalinus, Conyza canadensis, Holcus lanatus, Lepidium densiflorum subsp. neglectum and Senecio jacobaea. Three garden shrubs, Rosa spinosissima, Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus and Salix viminalis grew together with more common garden ruderals, such as Digitalis purpurea, Malva moschata and Saponaria officinalis. A total of 137 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing on the waste ground..
Epilobium hirsutum in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Biodiversity profile of the high mountains and high himal psysiographic zones
Flora of North America : north of Mexico. 9, Magnoliophyta : Picramniaceae to Rosaceae
Description and analysis of the vascular flora of the Cataraqui Marsh area
Guide to mountains
Cassell's wild flowers of Britain and Northern Europe
Wild orchids of the northeastern United States : a field and study guide to the orchids growing wild in New England, New York, and adjacent Pennsylvania and New Jersey
Flora of China. 22, Poaceae
Ruderal vascular plants on a waste ground in the island of Dånö, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Flora of tropical East Africa. Sterculiaceae
Flora of the Arabian Peninsula and Socotra. Vol. 5, part 1
The Galápagos : a natural history
Flora of Bangladesh. 56, Dilleniaceae
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 9, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
Little is known about changes in the abundance and species composition of dandelions (Taraxacum) in Finland. However, Eastern Finland, the biogeographical provinces of Karelia ladogensis and Karelia borealis, has been explored again since 1985. Carl-Erik Sonck collected dandelions there mainly in the 1940s and published his results later (Sonch 1964a). The comparison revealed that changes were considerable over this 60-year period. Species of the section Taraxacum had become more frequent, while those of the sections Borea and Erythrosperma had declined. After Sonck, 88 species were found to be new to North Karelia and 24 to Ladoga Karelia. Respectively, 16 and 33 species were not re-discovered in these provinces. The figures are approximate, particularly concerning Karelia ladogensis, because a larger part of this province has not been studied since 1945 when most of its territory was ceded to the former Soviet Union..
Field guide to the alpine plants of New Zealand
A field guide to Rocky Mountain wildflowers : from northern Arizona and New Mexico to British Columbia
Plants of China : a companion to the flora of China
Steyermark's flora of Missouri. Vol. 3.
Flora and vegetation of the Czech Republic = flóra a vegetace Českaé Republiky : introduction to special issue dedicated to the centenary of the Czech Botanical Society
The thistles of Canada
Flora of tropical East Africa. Dracaenaceae
Plant life of Edinburgh and the Lothians
The Usborne encyclopedia of planet Earth
Everyman's wild flowers and trees
Important transboundary Belarusian-Lithuanian and Lithuanian-Russian wetlands
Flowers of South-West Europe
Wildlife of East Africa
Flora of Pakistan. 214, Hyacinthaceae
Lassdal, an old ballast site in eastern Nyland, S Finland
A handbook of Scotland's coasts
Vascular plants of Greece : an annotated checklist
Wildflowers along the Alaska Highway
The flora of County Cavan
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 4, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (= Dicotyledones), Liliopsida (=Monocotyledones)
Flora of Macaronesia : checklist of vascular plants. Part 1
A unique addition to the botanical literature, this book presents the flora of China in its astonishing diversity.
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 8, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
Lichens of Maharashtra
Rock garden plants of North America : an anthology from the Bulletin of the North American Rock Garden Society
Collins flower guide
Finnish botanists actively studied the flora of Karelia (Karelian Republic) and the Kola Peninsula (Murmansk Region) when Finland was a Grand Duchy of Russia in 1809-1918. J. Fellman's expeditions in 1829 were the first notable botanical expeditions to the area. Geologically and floristically the area was similar to Finland, and exploring the area was considered to be a national duty for Finnish biologists. Almost 40 Finnish scientists who travelled on the Kola Peninsula collected significant amounts of herbarium specimens from there. The specimens are mostly in H, but duplicates were distributed widely. The collectors include M. Aschan, W. M. Axelson (Linnaniemi), V. Borg (Kivilinna), M. Brenner, V. F. Brotherus, R. Envald, J. Fellman, N. I. Fellman, C. W. Fontell, E. af Hällström, H. Hollmén, P. A. Karsten, A. Osw. Kihlman (Kairamo), F. W. Klingstedt, H. Lindberg, J. Lindén, A. J. Malmberg (Mela), J. Montell, F. Nylander, J. A. Palmén, V. Pesola, P. A. Rantaniemi, J. Sahlberg, and G. Selin. A short description is given of the biographies of the most important collectors with notes on their itineraries. Details of the collections from the Kola Peninsula are mostly taken from the vascular-plant specimens kept in the Finnish main herbaria and entered in the Floristic database Kastikka of the Finnish Museum of Natural History. As to bryophytes, lichens and other fungi, only a small proportion has been entered into the database. A network of biogeographic provinces for the Kola Peninsula was created by Finnish scientists in the mid 1800s, and it is still commonly used. Changes in the boundaries of provinces in the peninsula are discussed. The herbarium data are given according to the provinces.
Wild flowers of Greece
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 6, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
The flora of Samothraki
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 10 Part A, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
Flora of Macaronesia : checklist of vascular plants. Part 2: synonym index
Flora of Turkey and the East Aegean islands
Flora of New Zealand. Vol. 3, Adventive cyperaceous, petalous & spathaceous monocotyledons
Steyermark's flora of Missouri. Vol. 1
Flora Capensis : being a systematic description of the plants of the Cape Colony, Caffraria and Port Natal. Vol. 4:1- Part IV
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 3, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (= Dicotyledones)
Schoenus ferrugineus L. is one of the diagnostic species of calcareous fens, which are floristically rich and scattered locally in Europe. 25 new occurrences, most of them recent ones, have been found in Russia, mostly from the eastern border areas of the species. The new locality in Murmansk Region, reported here, corresponds to the northern limit of this species in Europe, and is situated about 60 km north of the Arctic Circle. The new site is described and the distribution and ecology of the species in Murmansk Region are discussed. It is proposed to change the status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book to 'Critically Endangered'..
A checklist of Ex Situ cultivated flora of China
Flowering plants of Wales
Flora of tropical East Africa. Begoniaceae
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Population biology of the Primula sibirica group species inhabiting frequently disturbed seashore meadows : implications for management
Tropical forest community ecology
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Schoenus ferrugineus (Cyperaceae) in Murmansk Region (Russia)
Five species of Characeae are known in Murmansk Region from five biogeographic provinces (Lps, Lt, Lim, Ks, Lv). One of them, Chara strigosa A.Braun, is included in the Red Data Book of the Russian Federation. A new site for C. virgata Kütz. is described from a rich fen in the province of Lim. This is the second record of the species in the Region. The new site is situated about 100 km NW of the previous one in a lake near the White Sea coast. The status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book should be 'Vulnerable'..
Enhanced processing of SPOT multispectral satellite imagery for environmental monitoring and modelling
Flora of Guatemala : [osa teosta:] Melastomataceae
Flora of Bangladesh. 60, Lecythidaceae
Plants of the western boreal forest and Aspen Parkland
Arctic & Antarctic
Philip's guide to wild flowers of Britain and northern Europe
Flowers of Greece and the Balkans : a field guide
Flora of tropical East Africa. Polygalaceae
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 1, Lycopodiophyta, Equisetophyta, Polypodiophyta, Pinophyta (=Gymnospermae), Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae)
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Flora of Great Britain and Ireland. Vol. 3, Mimosaceae - Lentibulariaceae
Fieldbook of native Illinois shrubs
Flora of China. 2-3, Lycopodiaceae through Polypodiaceae
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Flora of the County Wicklow :b flowering plants, higher cryptograms and characeæ
Flora of Glamorgan
Vegetation and altitudinal zonation in continental West Greenland
Adaptation, population viability and colonization-extinction dynamics of Silene tatarica in riparian habitats
Flora of Pakistan. 213, Convallariaceae
Flora of Bangladesh. 58, Lamiaceae
A survey of the European buckthorn and common barberry in Southern Manitoba, 1957.
Rocky Mountain Alpines : choice rock garden plants of the Rocky Mountains in the wild and in the garden
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
Ocean : the world's last wilderness revealed
Flora of New Zealand. Vol. 2, Indigenous Tracheophyta : Monocotyledones except Gramineae
Flowers in Thailand
Biodiversity profile of the Terai and Siwalik physiograhic zones
National Audubon Society field guide to Florida
Maine mosses : Drummondiaceae - Polytrichaceae
The flowers of Crete
Flora of Russia : The European part and bordering regions. Vol. 5, Magnoliophyta (=Angiospermae) : Magnoliopsida (=Dicotyledones)
A bilingual handbook on Japanese culture
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Vegetation ecology
Scottish wild flowers
Flowers of Turkey : a photo guide
Epilobium hirsutum L. is an introduced species in Finland with the first reliable findings made in the late 19th century. The number of new findings accumulated slowly during the period 1900-1929. From the 1930's onwards, the number of findings grew rapidly and E. hirsutum has been found in 153 grid squares of 10 km × 10 km size in the southern part of Finland until 2012. The first information of the species in the Åland Islands is a note in the literature from 1821 and the first collected specimen in the Åland Islands is from the municipality of Sund in 1873. However, both these are doubtful as they were not noticed in Finnish vascular plant floras later on. The first reliable finding is from 1973 and thereafter the localities with E. hirsutum increased with four more during the 1970's, eight new during the 1980's, fourteen new during the 1990's and 35 new localities during the period 2000-2013. It thrives chiefly in man-made habitats in the cultural landscape and the most common habitats in the Åland Islands seem to be roadsides and road ditches. Although E. hirsutum has expanded during the last fifty years in Åland, it is not common yet and it has not been found in most of the eastern archipelago area. As an immigrant in our flora, E. hirsutum is now well established in the Åland Islands and it will probably be more common in the future. However, it seems that it is not a harmful invasive weed in Åland..
Rainforest
Botanical report of Liberia
The exotic flora of the Canary Islands
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
