http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1756 vegetation
vegetation
Botany of the Canadian eastern arctic. Part 3, Vegetation and ecology
The Alaska vegetation classification
The aims of this study were to explore the mires (peatlands) in Terceira Island of Azores, invent their vegetation and ecology, and classify the mires to the ecological groups. In the field, totally 300 mires were identified and mapped, of which 58 were selected for the detailed analysis of this study. Physical, chemical, floristic, hydrological and geomorphologic data of the mires were collected in 1997-2004. The data were organized and analysed using ordination methods (CA). A detailed distribution map of the mires in the Island is presented. Three major mire site groups occurring in Azores were identified: (1) Basin mires; (2) Transition and raised mires and (3) Hillside and blanket mires. The profiles and the plant species of these site type groups are presented.
Effects of UV-B and ozone on northern forest
An introduction to vegetation analysis : principles, practice and interpretation
The Russian North : geographical and ecological studies on the Kola peninsula
Rondane : mountain vegetation in south Norway and its relation to the environment
Vegetation in civil and landscape engineering
Alteration of native Hawaiian vegetation : effects of humans, their activities and introductions
Multispectral satellite image understanding : from land classification to building and road detection
Vanishing habitats and species
Vegetation and flora of temperate zones : European natural and semi-natural vegetation and spontaneous flora
Mires on the map of Russia
Flora and vegetation of Saaremaa Island : XX Consilium-excursio botanicorum rerum Baltiae
The plant cover of the boreal uplands of Central Norway. 1, Vegetation ecology of Sølendet nature reserve; haymaking fens and birch woodlands
Data report of the 2007 and 2008 Yamal expeditions : Nadym, Laborovaya, Vaskiny, Dachi, and Kharasavey
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Seasonality of Ixodes ricinus and Ixodes trianguliceps tick on the bank vole (Myodes glareolus) and on vegetation in Central Finland
Die Pflanzenwelt Irlands = The flora and vegetation of Ireland : Ergebnisse der 9. Internationalen Pflanzengeographischen Exkursion durch Irland 1949
Studies scale issues from three interrelated perspectives: land surface properties, patterns, and processes. Addresses the impact of new frontiers in Earth observation technology (high-resolution, hyperspectral, Lidar sensing, and their synergy with existing technologies) and advances in remote sensing imaging science (object-oriented image analysis and data fusion).
Vegetation and land-use history of the Haanja Heights (SE-Estonia) during the Holocene
Using a botanic garden collection to test a bioclimatic vegetation scheme
Anthropogenic disturbance favors regional generalists over specialists
The soils of Iceland : with a generalized soil map
This study was carried out in South Finland, in Hollola. The sample areas are situated in the middle of an open cut area. I took the samples in 1991 and 2009. Five species disappeared and five new species was observed. The species that increased the most are Discus ruderatus, Vitrina pellucida and Columella edentula. The variation in species of vascular plants has been noticeable. The moisture close to the soil surface is important to land snails, especially the remaining of ferns suffices for land snails.
Reef invertebrates : an essential guide to selection, care and compatibility
Plants of China : a companion to the flora of China
Guide to the Polish International Excursion 1-20 June 1978 : Polish Assembly 1978
The influence of voles and lemmings on the vegetation in a coniferous forest during a 4-year period in northern Sweden
Biodiversity through time:coherence, stability and species turnover in boreal stream communities
Mosses, epiphytic lichens and tree bark as biomonitors for air pollutants : specifically for heavy metals in regional surveys
Boreal peatland ecosystems
Canada's changing North
Progress in biometeorology. Division C, Progress in plant biometeorology : the effect of weather and climate on plants : volume 1: period 1963-1974
Vascular plants from Erik Raude's land (East Greenland 71°30-́75°40 ́lat. N)
Shifts in Arctic phenology in response to  climate and anthropogenic factors as  detected from multiple satellite time series
Desert vegetation of Israel and Sinai
Forest zones of Siberia as determined by climatic zones and their possible transformation trends under global change
A study of the vegetational history of the Kuusamo district (North East Finland) during the late-quarternary period. 1, Yleinen osa
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
Modeling dynamics of tundra plant communities on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia, in response to climate change and grazing pressure : focus on dynamics of Arctic and Sub-Arctic vegetation
Australia's wilderness heritage. Volume 2, flora and fauna
Advanced remote sensing : terrestrial information extraction and applications
Understorey vegetation in fresh and Herb-Rich upland forests in South-west Lapland
Socotra : the lost island
Vegetation and climate : a selection of contributions presented at the 42nd symposium of the International Association of Vegetation Science, Bilbao (Spain), 26-30 July 1999
Remote sensing image fusion : a practical guide
A unique addition to the botanical literature, this book presents the flora of China in its astonishing diversity.
The vegetation of Scotland
Photographic documentation of vegetational changes in Africa over a third of a century
A vegetation map of Malesia at scale 1:5 million
The great divide : history and human nature in the old world and the new
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 8, Botany : part 1, The vegetation of western Patagonia - part 2, Hepaticæ - part 3, Bryophyta - part 4, Pteridophyta
The changing mile revisited : an ecological study of vegetation change with time in the lower mile of an arid and semiarid region
Shrub expansion in tundra ecosystems : dynamics, impacts and research priorities
Adaptation, population viability and colonization-extinction dynamics of Silene tatarica in riparian habitats
Visualization of digital terrain and landscape data : a manual
Plant life in the world's mediterranean climates : the Mediterranean basin, South Africa, Australia, Chile, and California
Optimal sample and plot size for inventory of field and ground layer vegetation in a mature Myrtillus-type boreal spruce forest
North American terrestrial vegetation
Invasive plant ecology
Global change and the terrestrial biosphere : achievements and challenges
The history of vegetation in Eastern Karelia (USSR) during the Holocene
Wildland recreation : ecology and management
"This book on Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is needed because there is currently no single graduate level text with sufficient breadth across the hydrological and meteorological sciences that provides understanding with sufficient depth and detail in both disciples for use (a) in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology; (b) in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of surface hydrology; and (c) to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology".
Holocene vegetation history of the Riisitunturi fell area in NE Finland, traced by the palynostratigraphy of two disgenic upland lakes
On the determinants of structure and diversity in Herbaceous plant communities
Restoring ecosystem structure and functions : results from Sphagnum peatlands degraded by forestry drainage
What are the impacts of reindeer/caribou (Rangifer tarandus L.) on arctic and alpine vegetation? : A systematic review protocol
Restoration of the naturalness of boreal forests
Vegetation changes after cessation of grazing management in the Jizerské Mountains (Czech Republic)
Heritage of the Russian Arctic : research, conservation, and international co-operation : proceedings of the International Scientific Willem Barents Memorial Arctic Conservation Symposium, held in Moscow, Russia, 10-14 March 1998
The conservation of the British flora : being the report of the conference held in 1963 ..
Vegetation of Lishkmokh mire in Vodlozersky National Park, eastern Karelian republic, Russia
Flowering shrubs in India
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Ecology of wildfire residuals in boreal forests
Vascular plant species richness in grazed and ungrazed coastal meadows, SW Finland
Forest inventory-based large-scale forest biomass and carbon budget assessment : new enhanced methods and use of remote sensing for verification
The continental element in the flora of South Sweden
Growth limitation of trees and carbon balance of the vegetation in the treeline zone in north eastern Lapland
Analysis of the phenology in the Mongolian Plateau by inter-comparison of global vegetation datasets
Predictions of forest inventory cover type proportions using Landsat TM
Flora and vegetation types in agricultural buffer zones in Finland
Linking range health assessment methodology with science : rough fescue grasslands of British Columbia
Plants and vegetation : origins, processes, consequences
Remote sensing of leaf area index : enhanced retrieval from close-range and remotely sensed optical observations
Understorey vegetation on the Level II plots during 1998-2004 = Aluskasvillisuus tason II havaintoaloilla vuosina 1998-2004
Manual of environmental analysis
"Preface Invasion is not a novel phenomenon; however, it is one that has increased tremendously during the past few years due to rapidly expanding trade and transport among countries. It is one of the most important impact humans have ever produced on the earth's ecosystems. In fact, it has led to globalization of world biota, further resulting in biotic homogenization. While some argue that invasion biologists should adopt a more objective and dispassionate stance towards invasive species, everyone agrees that it is a problem that needs attention and action. Recognizing that a deeper understanding of biological characteristics of invasive species and the ecological principles that underpin the invasion process is critical in formulating management decisions, the scientific community has dome an exemplary job in publishing original research as well as synthesis articles on the subject in recent years. Unfortunately, the science is still lagging behind, necessitating a reactive rather than a proactive response to the problem. The body of knowledge is growing so fast, including our ability to predict invasions. This will accelerate the science-based decision making, whether it is for reactive or proactive management or for developing effective public policies. The idea for this book began back in 2009 when the editors organized a regional IUFRO conference on invasive plants in Chandigarh, India. They met again in 2010 at the XXIII IUFOR World Congress in Seoul and finalized the plan for a book that would focus on invasive plant ecology. In addition to selected presentations from the IUFRO conference and the Congress, several prominent authors were invited to contribute chapters on specific topics. In the end, we accepted 18 chapters in the current volume"--
Climate and plant distribution
Karte der natürlichen Vegetation Europas = Map of the Natural Vegetation of Europe : scale 1: 2 500 000.. 3, Karten = Maps
The vegetation of the Sibirian-Mongolian frontiers (the Sayansk region)
Directing ecological succession
Labour consumption models applied to motor-manual pre-commercial thinning in Finland
Enchanting Australia
The Alpine flowers of Britain and Europe
Flora of Suriname. Vol. 3, parts 1-2, additions and corrections
Plant and vegetation mapping
Guide to the check sheet for IBP areas
Spatial and temporal patterns of greenness on the Yamal Peninsula, Russia : interactions of ecological and social factors affecting the Arctic normalized difference vegetation index
Recent spatiotemporal changes and main determinants of aquatic macrophyte vegetation in large lakes in Finland
Anthropogenic effects on understorey vegetation in Myrtillus type urban forests in southern Finland
Where do camels belong? : the story and science of invasive species
The Sunday Times book of woodland and wildflower gardening
Terrestrial hydrometeorology
Tropical forest biomes
Phytogeography of Middle West Greenland
Vegetation and Fauna of Tisza River Basin. 1
Communities of sessile algae in some rivers flowing into Lake Ladoga
The vegetation of the Siberian-Mongolian frontiers : the Sayansk region
Alpine flowers of Britain and Europe
Effects of nitrogen fertilization on the humus layer and ground vegetation under closed canopy in boreal coniferous stands
Characterisation of two unique unifloral honeys from the boreal coniferous zone : lingonberry and mire honeys
Vegetation patterns of boreal herb-rich forests in the Koli region, eastern Finland : classification, environmental factors and conservation aspects
Seashore
Canada's vegetation : a world perspective
Country-scale carbon accounting of the vegetation and mineral soils of Finland
A comparative flora of Staten Island including the 1879 and 1930 floras by Arthur Hollick and Nathaniel Lord Britton
Remote sensing of soils and vegetation in the USSR
Nursing plants in peatland restoration : on their potential use to alleviate frost heaving problems
Responses of non-methane biogenic volatile organic compound emissions to climate change in boreal and subarctic ecosystems
Successional changes in vegetation and carbon dynamics during boreal mire development
Results of the third "Iter Mediterraneum" in Sicily, May-June 1990
Scale issues in remote sensing
An ecological approach to vegetation management : CP Rail
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 8, Botany : part 5, Flora Patagonica : section 2, Santalaceæ-Cactaceæ
Change in Siberian phytomass predicted for global warming
Summary.
Vegetation of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland : a companion to the Vegetation map of South Africa, Lesotho and Swaziland
Soil and decomposer responses to grazing exclusion are weak in mountain snow-beds
Reduced simple ratio better than NDVI for estimating LAI in Finnish pine and spruce stands
"Both hydrologists and meteorologists need to speak a common scientific language, and this has given rise to the new scientific discipline of hydrometeorology, which deals with the transfer of water and energy across the land/atmosphere interface.Terrestrial Hydrometeorology is the first graduate-level text with sufficient breadth and depth to be used in hydrology departments to teach relevant aspects of meteorology, and in meteorological departments to teach relevant aspects of hydrology, and to serve as an introductory text to teach the emerging discipline of hydrometeorology.The book will be essential reading for graduate students studying surface water hydrology, meteorology, and hydrometeorology. It can also be used in advanced undergraduate courses, and will be welcomed by academic and professional hydrologists and meteorologists worldwide".
Environmental change in Siberia : earth observation, field studies and modelling
Plant community dynamics in tundra : propagule availability, biotic andenvironmental control
Flora of the Russian Arctic. 1 : Polypodiaceae - Gramineae
Inventory of sparse forest populations using adaptive cluster sampling
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 8, Botany : part 5, Flora Patagonica, section 4, Compositæ (concl.) - part 6, Analysis of orders and families - part 7, Collectors and bibliography - part 8, Topography : part 9, Character and origin of the Patagonian flora
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Managing ingrown Douglas-fir stands for biodiversity, forage, and timber : the Farwell Canyon Project fifth-year post-treatment results
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 8, Botany : part 5, Flora Patagonica : section 3, Cactaceæ-Compositæ
The vascular plant flora of shell gravel deposits on the Åland Islands, SW Finland : community structure in relation to calcium
Recent advances in remote sensing and geoinformation processing for land degradation assessment
Scots pine needle longevity and other shoot characteristics along pollution gradients
Mediterranean land cover change : modelling and monitoring natural vegetation using GIS and remote sensing
Summary
Vegetation dynamics of Mongolia
The vascular plants of the Rastigaissa area (Finnmark, Northern Norway)
Vegetation development and sheep grazing in limestone grasslands of south Öland, Sweden
Vegetational and landscape level responses to water level fluctuations in Finnish, mid-boreal aapa mire - aro wetland environments
Patterns in polygon mires in northeastern Yakutia, Siberia : The Role of Vegetation and Water
Nature's cornucopia : our stake in plant diversity
Impacts of winter feeding of reindeer on vegetation and soil in  the sub-Arctic : insights from a feeding experiment
Green planet : how plants keep the Earth alive
Aquatic macrophytes in status assessment and monitoring of boreal lakes
Short-term changes in vegetation on pine mires after drainage for forestry
Gróđukort af Íslandi : yfirlitskort = Vegetation map of Iceland
Plant population biology and vegetation processes
Irish topographical botany
Biotic interactions and vegetation management on coastal meadows
Handbook of vegetation science. 10, Vegetation mapping
Circumpolar Arctic vegetation 1:7,500,000.. Map No. 1
Visual obstruction of herb vegetation defining standards for natural barriers
Fifteen-year response of weed control intensity and seedling type on Norway spruce survival and growth on arable land
Sustainability of nature-based tourism
Environment, vegetation and greenness (NDVI) along the North America and Eurasia Arctic transects : focus on dynamics of arctic and sub-arctic vegetation
Predicting outdoor sound
Linking water and carbon cycles : modeling latent heat exchange and dissolved organic carbon
The poisoned island
Production of structural matter by a plant community in successional environment
Sichuan : a land of lush vegetation
Results and data from an ecological study of Garry Oak (Quercus garryana) ecosystems in southwestern British Columbia
Vegetation and altitudinal zonation in continental West Greenland
Annotated checklist and distribution of the vascular plants of El Hierro, Canary Islands, Spain
Floristic phytogeography of South-Western Lule Lappmark (Swedish Lapland). 1
Flora of Suriname : (Netherlands Guyana). Vol. 3, pt 1, Dialypetalae
Management of roadside verges : vegetation changes and species diversity
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Vegetation and soils : a world picture
The planting design handbook
Cryptogamous plants in the forest communities of Białlowieża National Park : functional groups analysis and general synthesis (project CRYPTO 3)
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Carbon stocks, greenhouse gas emissions and water balance of Sudanese savannah woodlands in relation to climate change
Natural regeneration of alpine tundra vegetation afterhuman trampling : a 42-year data set from Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado, U.S.A
The biogeochemical impacts of forests and the implications for climate change mitigation
Vegetation structure and function at multiple spatial, temporal and conceptual scales
Changes in a Land Snail community (Gastropoda) in an open cut forest area
Plant climate and irrigation
The conservation potential of brook-side key habitats in managed boreal forests
The vegetation of the forest-alpine transition in the Grunningsdalen area, Telemark, S. Norway
Conservation genetics and phylogeography of endangered boreoarctic seashore plant species
Exchange of mercury between atmosphere and vegetation under contaminated conditions
Studies of unifloral honeys are rare in Finland, and thus there are no common traits accepted for their characterization. In our study lingonberry and mire were characterized. The physico-chemical, organoleptic and melissopalynological properties and phenolic composition of the honeys were analysed and the floral origin of the mire honey was considered. Lingonberry honey is reddish and has a flavour of toffee, whereas mire honey has very strong aroma and reddish colour. Both honeys have high electrical conductivity and pH when compared to Finnish polyfloral honeys. They are both rich in fructose, while the number of disaccharides in lingonberry honey is four and in mire honey six. Lingonberry honey has three unifloral specific phenolic compounds. Mire honey has no unifloral-specific phenolic compounds, and its floral origin is not clearly defined.
Past and present vegetation of the far Northwest of Canada
A classification of plants
Human influence on the vegetation of Katinhäntä bog, Vihti, S. Finland
Site types at Lakkasuo mire complex : field guide
Land use and land cover mapping in Europe : practices & trends
Trees : photographs of Magnum Photos : photographies de Magnum Photos : fotografien von Magnum Photos = Arbres = Bäume
The vegetation of Egypt
The book of Iran : a survey of the geography of Iran
Wildlife of East Africa
A circumboreal system of climatic-phytogeographical regions
Genetic structure at different spatial scales in metapopulations of Silene tatarica
Collins coral reef guide : Red Sea to Gulf of Aden, South Oman
Geometrically accurate time series of archived aerial images and airborne lidar data in a forest environment
Early European researches into the flora of China
Forest monitoring : methods for terrestrial investigations in Europe with an overview of North America and Asia
Eurasian Arctic greening reveals teleconnections and the potential for novel ecosystems
Classification of Sphagnum peatlands in Azores — cases from Terceira Island. (Tiivistelmä: Azorien rahkasuot - esimerkkinä Terceira-saaren suot
Mire plants and carbon dioxide dynamics under increased tropospheric ozone concentration and UV-B radiation
Grazing management for Nordic organic dairy farming
Reports of the Princeton University expeditions to Patagonia, 1896-1899. Vol. 8, Botany : part 5, Flora Patagonica : section 1, Pinaceæ-Santalaceæ
Logging residues and ground vegetation in nutrient dynamic forest
The plant cover of the Estonian SSR : flora, vegetation and ecology
