http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17512 feminist media studies
feminist media studies
The handbook of gender, sex, and media
The handbook of communication ethics
Sites of female terror = En torno a la mujer y el terror
Local violence, global media : feminist analyses of gendered representations
Gender Communication Theories and Analyses surveys the field of gender and communication with a particular focus on gender and communication theories and methods. How have theories about gender and communication evolved and been influenced by first-, second-, and third-wave feminisms? And similarly, how have feminist communication scholars been inspired by existing methods and aspired to generate their own? The goal of the text is to help readers develop analytic focus and knowledge about their underlying assumptions that gender communication scholars use in their work.
Neo-feminist cinema : girly films, chick flicks, and consumer culture
Women and media : a critical introduction
Gender and the media
Talking with television : women, talk shows, and modern self-reflexivity
Women, feminism and media
Redesigning women : television after the network era
The praxis of social inequality in media : a global perspective
The cinematic life of the gene
Figuring age : women, bodies, generations
Queer girls and popular culture : reading, resisting, and creating media
Gendered journalism cultures : strategies and tactics in the fields of journalism in Britain and Sweden
The warrior women of television : a feminist cultural analysis of the new female body in popular media
Gender, modernity, and the popular press in inter-war Britain
An integrated approach to communication theory and research
Gender in the media
Bad girls : cultural politics and media representations of transgressive women
Figures of Resistance brings together crucial essays and unpublished lectures of internationally renowned theorist Teresa de Lauretis, spanning twenty years of her finest work. De Lauretis's rigorous thought and elegant writing interrogate how cinema, literature, and psychoanalytic theory construct and deconstruct gender, sexuality, and ways of knowing. This collection invites us to reflect on the history of feminist theory and its power to envision anew issues of representation, reading, and epistemology. Essays include "Sexual Indifference and Lesbian Representation," "The Lure of the Mannish Lesbian," "Eccentric Subjects," "Habit Changes," "The Intractability of Desire," and the unpublished title essay "Figures of Resistance."
The female complaint : the unfinished business of sentimentality in American culture
"The Female Complaint" is part of Lauren Berlant's groundbreaking 'national sentimentality' project charting the emergence of the U.S. political sphere as an affective space of attachment and identification. In this book, Berlant chronicles the origins and conventions of the first mass-cultural 'intimate public' in the United States, a 'women's culture' distinguished by a view that women inevitably have something in common and are in need of a conversation that feels intimate and revelatory. As Berlant explains, 'women's' books, films, and television shows enact a fantasy that a woman's life is not just her own, but an experience understood by other women, no matter how dissimilar they are. The commodified genres of intimacy, such as 'chick lit, ' circulate among strangers, enabling insider self-help talk to flourish in an intimate public.Sentimentality and complaint are central to this commercial convention of critique; their relation to the political realm is ambivalent, as politics seems both to threaten sentimental values and to provide certain opportunities for their extension. Pairing literary criticism and historical analysis, Berlant explores the territory of this intimate public sphere through close readings of U.S. women's literary works and their stage and film adaptations. Her interpretation of Uncle Tom's "Cabin" and its literary descendants reaches from Harriet Beecher Stowe to Toni Morrison's "Beloved", touching on Shirley Temple, James Baldwin, and "The Bridges of Madison County" along the way.Berlant illuminates different permutations of the women's intimate public through her readings of Edna Ferber's Show Boat; Fannie Hurst's "Imitation of Life"; Olive Higgins Prouty's feminist melodrama "Now, Voyager"; Dorothy Parker's poetry, prose, and Academy Award-winning screenplay for "A Star Is Born"; the Fay Weldon novel and Roseanne Barr film "The Life and Loves of a She-Devil"; and the queer, avant-garde film "Showboat" 1988 - "The Remake". The Female Complaint is a major contribution from a leading Americanist.
Figures of resistance : essays in feminist theory
Comedy as a vehicle of subversion : Smack the pony's feminist discourse
Doing gender in media, art and culture
Current perspectives in feminist media studies
The Cambridge companion to narrative
Reel knockouts : violent women in the movies
Gender, violence and popular culture : telling stories
Current Perspectives in Feminist Media Studies features contributions written by a diverse group of stellar feminist scholars from around the world. Each contributor has authored a brief, thought-provoking commentary on the current status and future directions of feminist media studies. Although contributors write about numerous, discrete subjects within the field of feminist media studies, their various ideas and concerns can be merged into six broad, overlapping subject areas that allow us to gain a strong sense of the expansive contours of current feminist communication scholarship and activism which the authors have identified as generally illustrative of the field. Specifically, authors encourage feminist media scholars to engage with issues of political economy, new ICTs and cybercultures as well as digital media policy, media and identity, sexuality and sexualisation, and postfeminism. They stress that feminist media scholars must broaden and deepen our theoretical frameworks and methodologies so as to provide a better sense of the conceptual complexities of feminist media studies and empirical realities of contemporary media forms, practices and audiences.
The gender and media reader
This book examines the intersection of gender and violence in popular culture. Drawing on the latest thinking in critical international relations, media and cultural studies and gender studies, it focuses in particular on a number of popular TV shows including Angel, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Firefly, Generation Kill, The Corner and The West Wing. The book makes a unique theoretical contribution to the 'narrative turn' in International Relations by illustrating the ways in which popular culture and global politics are intertwined and how we make sense of our worlds through these two frames. Methodologically, the book enhances discourse-theoretical analysis in IR through its incorporation of methods from narratology and film studies. The book proposes an aesthetic ethicopolitical approach to global politics which challenges us to interrogate how it becomes possible that we think what we think, it challenges the truths that we hold to be self-evident and that which we take to be common sense. It demands that we think carefully, critically, uncomfortably, about our world(s) – even when we're 'only' watching television.
Gender communication theories & analyses : from silence to performance
Mediated girlhoods : new explorations of girls' media culture
Conference proceedings for affective encounters : rethinking embodiment in feminist media studies
Theorising desire : from Freud to feminism to film
Women in mass communication
The gendered newsroom : how journalists experience the changing world of media
How is desire presented on screen and through popular culture? How can we theorise desire without falling into pre-subscribed notions of lack and loss? Theorising Desire offers an innovative approach to understanding the concept of desire through its presentation in film, television and popular culture. It examines the concept as it is theorised in psychoanalytic, feminist and film studies and presented in a diverse range of films and television programmes such as Code 46, In the Mood for Love, Safe and Sex and the City. Anchoring its theorisation around concepts such as risk, hysteria, the gaze, shame and melancholia, this book considers what desire does rather than what it is, and argues that movement is central to the concept of desire and to its radical potential to transform those affected by it.
Women who made the news : female journalists in Canada, 1880-1945
