http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17517 masses (compositions)
masses (compositions)
We come before you : the jazz mass
Who are these angels? : new choral music
Music and language : the rise of western music as exemplified in settings of the mass
The Phoenix rising
Gracious Father : from the New hope jazz mass
Gracious father : from the New hope jazz mass
Early Music 1996:3 : Early music from around the world
The Spirits of England and France. 5 : Missa Veterem hominem
The great service
The Music of William Lloyd Webber
Missa Euge bone
The cultural life of the early polyphonic Mass : medieval context to modern revival
Taverner & Tudor Music I : The Western Wind
Mass in B minor : in full score
Mass in G minor
The world of the oratorio : oratorio, mass, requiem, Te Deum, Stabat Mater, and large cantatas
The important contribution of Heinrich Isaac (ca. 1455-1517) to polyphonic settings of the proper of the mass has long been recognised. The monumental posthumously published collection of his work in the genre, the Choralis Constantinus, was considered as a landmark even in the sixteenth century. Isaac's striking cultivation of polyphonic mass proper settings has its roots in his task, as Hofcomponist to Emperor Maximilian I, of building a musical repertoire for the Imperial court chapel. The repertoire he created awakened a demand for analogous music at other European courts and institutions and led, in 1508, to the commissioning of an extraordinary series of proper cycles from him by the authorities of Constance cathedral.
The 50 greatest pieces of classical music
Choral music of
Mass of the Sea opus 47
The world of the oratorio : oratorio, mass, requiem, Te Deum, Stabat Mater and large cantatas
Six masses : In full score
The Mess We Made
Gregorian chants : an illustrated history of religious chanting
From the vaults of Westminster Cathedral : a procession of chant & polyphony from Advent to Christmas & the Epiphany and presentation of our Lord
We come before you : jazz mass
Counterpoint technique in the two-part sections of the masses of Josquin des Prez
Mass : a theatre piece for singers, players and dancers : text from the liturgy of the Roman Mass with additional texts by Stephen Schwarz and Leonard Bernstein
I am the true vine
Heavenly harmonies
The Art of the Netherlanders
Holy, holy : from the New hope jazz mass
Voices from heaven
Mass of the children
Mass of the sea : opus 47
Laus angelica : poetry in the medieval mass
Missa Celtica : with texts from 6th to 11th-century Ireland and Wales, 16th to 19th-century Scotland, Brittany and Cornwall, and the ordinary of the mass
Holy, Holy : from the New hope jazz mass
Choral music of the church
Mass in G minor, and other a cappella works
A choral tapestry
Choral music
The phoenix rising
Duke Ellington's third sacred concert : the majesty of God
I am the True Vine
In this house, on this morning
The Spirits of England and France. 4 : Missa caput and the story of the Salve regina
African sanctus
Missa super l'homme arme : for voice and chamber ensemble
Eternal light : Music of inner peace
Mass "Cantate"
William Byrd 1543-1623 : commemorating the 450th anniversary of his birth
In the heart of things
Life and breath : choral works
The greatest choral classics : eighteen of the best loved choruses for mixed voices
Theatre Works. Vol. II
Capolavori sacri : per soprano = Sacred masterpieces : for soprano. Volume 3.
Choral edition. Volume 2
Heinrich Isaac and polyphony for the proper of the mass in the Late Middle Ages and the Renaissance
The Golden Age of English Polyphony
The Musical world of a medieval monk : Adémar de Chabannes in eleventh-century Aquitane
Messiah : highlights from Händel's oratorio and other Christmas music
Mass of the Holy Spirit : communion service for mixed voices, unaccompanied
Second Sacred Concert
Living voices and other choral works
Misa Criolla : Folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of Hispanic America : For mixed choir and soloist with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsicord accompaniment
Mass : a theatre piece for singers, players and dancers
Mass : mixed choir and organ
New Hope Jazz Mass
Jonah-man Jazz : a cantata-musical for unison voices and piano with guitar chords
Masses and motets : based on Raffaele Casimiri's edition
Kaddish (Symphony No. 3)
Voices from Heaven
Requiem . Opus 45 : for soprano & baritone soli, SATB & orchestra
African sanctus : for soprano solo, mixed chorus, instrumental ensemble and pre-recorded tape : vocal score
The genius of Mozart : His choral music SATB
Missa papae Marcelli : for six voices
Choral music : a Norton Historical Anthology
Duke Ellington's Sacred concert
Misa criolla : folk mass based on the rhythms and traditions of Hispanic America : for mixed chorus and soloists with percussion, guitar and piano or harpsichord accompaniment
Missa conceptio tua : medieval and renaissance music for Advent
Hymn for the day : from the New hope jazz mass
The Complete Works. Volume 2, Music at the Reformation
