http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17567 equality (fundamental rights)
equality (fundamental rights)
At the intersection of race and gender : A master ́s thesis on women ́s constitutional equality in the particular context of South Africa
"Are you fed up with the status quo? Do you ask yourself why 1% of the world owns nearly half the wealth? Are you appalled that in a year of recession, banker's bonuses rose by around 64%? Does it anger you that multi-million dollar corporations pay hardly any tax? Do you trust your government? Always insightful, irreverent but funny, Russell Brand is asking the questions the public wants answered. This is his call to arms. This is Russell Brand's Revolution". Provided by publisher.
Building principles of equality in the Finnish temporary agency work sector  : How can the Finnish temporary agency work policies be developed to encourage fair and equal treatment of temporary agency employees?
Rights and deprivation
Make way for the superhumans : how the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Cultural diversity and the schools. Volume 1, Education for cultural diversity: convergence and divergence
Takeover bids and squeeze outs in relation to the principle of equal treatment of shareholders
Capabilities equality : basic issues and problems
Social justice reconsidered : the problem of appropriate precision in a theory of justice
The social summit ten years later
Overcoming exclusion : social justice through education
"A narrative examining how elites have been able to skirt the system with impunity"--
The doctrine of the legal equality of states : an inquiry into the foundations of international law
Affective legal analysis : on the resolution of conflict
Reflexive democracy : political equality and the welfare state
Combating racial discrimination : affirmative action as a model for Europe
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Feminist perspectives on the foundational subjects of law
Legal capacity in Europe : a call to action to governments and to the EU
Mitigating inequality : higher education research, policy, and practice in an era of massification and stratification
Equality and the modern economy. Seminar 7, The individual and the world
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Migrants at work : immigration and vulnerability in labour law
Discrimination and human rights : the case of racism
Doing Justice, Doing Gender: Women in Legal and Criminal Justice Occupations is a highly readable, sociologically grounded analysis of women working in traditionally male dominant justice occupations of law, policing, and corrections. This Second Edition represents not only a thorough update of research on women in these fields, but a careful reconsideration of changes in justice organizations and occupations and their impact on women's justice work roles over the past 40 years.
Equality before the law : deaf people's access to justice
To what ends and by what means? : the social justice implications of contemporary school finance theory and policy
Japanese constitutional law
Understanding human rights : manual on human rights education
Providing public goods in transitional China
American education
Engineering equality : an essay on European anti-discrimination law
Pornography and sexual violence : evidence of the links : the complete transcript of public hearings on ordinances to add pornography as discrimination against women: Minneapolis City Council, Government Operations Committee, December 12 and 13, 1983.
Women in the world : 1975-1985 : the women's decade
In this book a leading theorist on sex and gender discusses how hidden assumptions embedded in our cultural discourses, social institutions, and individual psyches perpetuate male power and oppress women and sexual minorities. Sandra Lipsitz Bem argues that these assumptions, which she calls the lenses of gender, shape not only perceptions of social reality but also the more material things - like unequal pay and inadequate daycare - that constitute social reality itself. Her penetrating and articulate examination of these hidden cultural lenses enables us to look at them rather than through them and to better understand recent debates on gender and sexuality. According to Bem, the first lens, androcentrism (male-centredness), defines males and male experience as a standard or norm and females and female experience as a deviation from that norm. The second lens, gender polarization, superimposes male-female differences on virtually every aspect of human experience, from modes of dress and social roles to ways of expressing emotion and sexual desire. The third lens, biological essentialism, rationalizes and legitimizes the other two lenses by treating them as the inevitable consequences of the intrinsic biological natures of women and men. After illustrating the pervasiveness of these three lenses in both historical and contemporary discourses of Western culture, Bem presents her own theory of how the individual either acquires cultural gender lenses and constructs a conventional gender identity or resists cultural lenses and constructs that we must reframe the debate on sexual inequality so that it focuses not only on the differences between men and women but on how male-centred discourses and institutions transform male-female difference into female disadvantage.
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
On justice in society
Human rights in islam, tradition and modernism
Race, equity, and the learning environment : the global relevance of critical and inclusive pedagogies in higher education
With liberty and justice for some : how the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful
Law, lawyers and race : critical race theory from the United States to Europe
Judging social rights
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The affirmative action debate
Rethinking the reasonable person : an egalitarian reconstruction of the objective standard
Introduction and summary (s. 1-12).
From Jim Crow to civil rights : the Supreme Court and the struggle for racial equality
The end of social inequality? : class, status and power under state socialism
Schooling, childhood, and bureaucracy : bureaucratizing the child
Equality and diversity in social work practice
Inclusive religious education : international perspectives
Gender equality : dimensions of women's equal citizenship
Modeling the distribution and intergenerational transmission of wealth
It is so ordered : the Supreme Court rules on school segregation
Levelling the playing field : the idea of equal opportunity and its place in egalitarian thought
Sexual divisions in law
Three Cartesian feminist treatises
The distribution and redistribution of income : a mathematical analysis
Educational assessment and evaluation : major themes in education. Volume 2, The social construction of assessment, equity and globalisation
Gendered imagery in criminal law : equalizing images?
We are all born free : the universal declaration of human rights in pictures
Arguing for equality
Equal pay in Finland
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Portugal
One of the most radical feminist theorists in Europe before the nineteenth century, François Poullain de la Barre (1647-1723) was a man way ahead of his time. Applying Cartesian principles to "the Woman Question," Poullain demonstrated by rational deduction that the supposedly "self-evident" inequality of the sexes was nothing more than unfounded prejudice. Poullain published three books (anonymously) on this topic in the 1670s, all of which are included in English translation in this volume. In On the Equality of the Two Sexes he argued that the supposedly "natural" inferiority of women was culturally produced. To help women recognize and combat this prejudice, Poullain advocated a modern, enlightened feminine education in On the Education of Ladies. Finally, since his contemporaries largely ignored Poullain's writings, he offered a rebuttal to his own arguments in On the Excellence of Men - a rebuttal that he promptly countered, strengthening his original positions. A truly modern feminist, Poullain laid the intellectual groundwork for the women's liberation movement centuries before it happened.
Joel Spring's American Education introduces readers to the historical, political, social, and legal foundations of education and to the profession of teaching in the United States. In his signature straightforward and concise approach to describing complex issues, Spring illuminates events and topics and that are often overlooked or whitewashed, giving students the opportunity to engage in critical thinking about education. In this edition he looks closely at the global context of education in the U.S. Featuring current information and challenging perspectives―with scholarship that is often cited as a primary source, students will come away from this clear, authoritative text informed on the latest topics, issues, and data and with a strong knowledge of the forces shaping of the American educational system. Changes in the 17th Edition include new and updated material and statistics on economic theories related to "skills" education and employability, the conflict between a skills approach and cultural diversity, political differences regarding education among the Republican, Democratic, Libertarian and Green parties, social mobility and equality of opportunity as related to schooling, global migration and student diversity in US schools, charter schools and home schooling.
Interim report of the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions on the implementation of the medium-term Community action programme on equal opportunities for men and women (1996 to 2000)
Education for the people : concepts of Grundtvig, Tagore, Gandhi and Freire
Critical Race Theory is a familiar and important strand of North American legal scholarship, but it is virtually unknown in Europe. This book aims to bring Critical Race Theory to a European context. Outlining its development in North America, and bringing its insights to bear upon European law and legal scholarship, the book considers Critical Race Theorys relevance in Europe, and particularly in civil law traditions, where the relationship between race and law is often presented as anodyne. Redressing the almost exclusive European focus and reading of anti-racism in terms of anti-Semitism, the conflation of race and racism with issues related to citizenship and religion, and the more general reluctance to speak of race, the book outlines the elements of a European Critical Race Theory. For law, it is demonstrated, is just as deeply involved in constructing, discriminating and subordinating racial minorities in the European context as it is in the American one even if, as this book shows, it does so in different ways /
Caring democracy : markets, equality, and justice
Encyclopedia of diversity in education. Volume 1-4
The school of tomorrow centred on pupils
The lenses of gender : transforming the debate on sexual inequality
Women in a changing world : proceedings : Asahi International Symposium : October 23-25, 1985/Tokyo, Japan
The implementation of the equal pay principle and gendered pay structures
Despite the welfare state : a report on the SSRC/DHSS programme of research into transmitted deprivation
Sourcebook on feminist jurisprudence
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Reverse discrimination : the constitutional debate
Liberty in the age of terror : a defence of civil liberties and enlightenment values
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
Justice, equal opportunity, and the family
Community law centres : a critical apprisal
The unheard : a memoir of deafness and Africa
Men and gender equality policy in Finland
Genderware : the Council of Europe and the participation of women in political life
Analysing the Finnish homecare allowance system : challenges to research and problems of interpretation
Feminist legal theory : readings in law and gender
Child and youth policy programme 2012-2015
Dialogue on the conflict between religious fundamentalism and women's rights is often stymied by an “all or nothing” approach: fundamentalists claim absolute religious freedom, while some feminists dismiss religion entirely as patriarchal. Courtney Howland provides a forum for scholars, both religious and non-religious, to meet and seek common ground in their fight against fundamentalism. Through an examination of international human rights, national law, grass roots activism, and theology, this volume explores the acute problems that contemporary fundamentalist movements pose for women's equality and liberty rights.
Gender action plans and gender equality results : rapid gender assessments of ADB projects : synthesis report
Individual interests and collective action : selected essays
Leadership for social justice : making revolutions in education
The Act on Equality Between Women and Men
American Savage : insights, slights, anf fights on faith, sex, love, and politics
Doing justice, doing gender : women in legal and criminal justice occupations
The equal status and human rights of women : a compilation of country reports from the Advanced International Programme in Lund, Sweden, 27 September to 14 October 1994.
Autism equality in the workplace : removing barriers and challenging discrimination
The pursuit of inequality
Supporting identity, diversity and language in the early years
Governing land for women and men : a technical guide to support the achievement of responsible gender-equitable governance of land tenure
The no-nonsense guide to equality
Making women count : integrating gender into law and policy-making
Gender roles and sex equality : European solutions to social security disputes
"From "the most important voice to have entered the political discourse in years" (Bill Moyers), a scathing critique of the two-tiered system of justice that has emerged in AmericaFrom the nation's beginnings, the law was to be the great equalizer in American life, the guarantor of a common set of rules for all. But over the past four decades, the principle of equality before the law has been effectively abolished. Instead, a two-tiered system of justice ensures that the country's political and financial class is virtually immune from prosecution, licensed to act without restraint, while the politically powerless are imprisoned with greater ease and in greater numbers than in any other country in the world. Starting with Watergate, continuing on through the Iran-Contra scandal, and culminating with the crimes of the Bush era, Glenn Greenwald lays bare the mechanisms that have come to shield the elite from accountability. He shows how the media, both political parties, and the courts have abetted a process that has produced torture, war crimes, domestic spying, and financial fraud. Cogent, sharp, and urgent, this is a no-holds-barred indictment of a profoundly un-American system that sanctions immunity at the top and mercilessness for everyone else"--
The harmonisation of European private law
Living as equals
Handbook of education politics and policy
Law in the service of peace : two concepts
Human rights of women from a Finnish perspective
Meeting in Mexico : the story of the World Conference of the International Women's Year (Mexico City, 19 June - 2 July 1975)
Family law and parental patterns of time allocation
Religious fundamentalisms and the human rights of women
The United Nations and the international womens movement 1945-2000
Paying for inequality : the economic cost of social injustice
Equal opportunity counsellors : professional training and profile : report on a seminar organized by CEDEFOP on 30 and 31 October 1985
Conclusions (s. 193-198).
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. United Kingdom
Conclusions (s. 243-250).
Empowering science and mathematics education in urban schools
Disparities in sentencing : causes and solutions : reports presented to the 8. Criminological Colloquium (1987)
Summary (s. 3).
A fair globalization : the role of the ILO
Bibliographic guide to studies on the status of women : development and population trends
Sex roles and education : a status report
Access and expansion post-massification : opportunities and barriers to further growth in higher education participation
Parity and democracy : a theoretical approach to the compatibility of gender parity with democracy
These findings from the Durham University research project which observed court cases involving Deaf people over three years, and carried out in-depth interviews with Deaf people and Interpreters, reveal that sign language court interpreters are often not qualified interpreters, or have had no specialist legal interpreting training. The highly skilled task is often poorly understood by other participants in court proceedings, and the difference between BSL and English imposes particular constraints and demands on the interpreter.
On equality between international criminal defendants
Equality planning guide
Engendering the global agenda : the story of women and the United Nations
Participatory dialogue : towards a stable, safe and just society for all
Researching learning cultures and educational identities in communities : the impact of adult learning
Critical approaches to the study of higher education : a practical introduction
Ronald Dworkin's theory of equality : domestic and global perspectives
Equality in action : a way forward with persona dolls
Report. 3, part 4B, Equality in Employment and Occupation : general survey of the reports on the Discrimination (Employment and Occupation) Convention (no. 111) and Recommendation (no. 111), 1958 : report
Adapting to change : occupational pension schemes, women and migrant workers : an examination of the extent to which occupational pension schemes in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany enable women and migrant workers to accrue adequate pensions
Human resource management : an experiential approach
An elephant in the room : an equality and diversity training manual
Data to promote equality : proceedings of the European conference
Crime, inequality and the state
Women in politics and decision-making in the late twentieth century : a United Nations study
Equality and exclusion - challenges related to law
Make way for the superhumans : How the science of bio enhancement is transforming our world, and how we need to deal with it
Sukupuolitetut rajat = Gendered borders and boundaries
Law and gender
Education and equality of opportunity for girls and women : data report
In Brown's wake : legacies of America's educational landmark
Creating culturally considerate schools : educating without bias
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Denmark
Criminal judges : legitimacy, courts and state-induced guilty pleas in Britain
Minimizing marriage : marriage, morality, and the law
The Fourteenth Amendment : from political principle to judical doctrine
Beijing declaration and platform for action with the Beijing+5 political declaration and outcome document
On the limits of the concept of equality : arguments for a dynamic reading
Gender equality in European contract law
Women's legal rights : international covenants as an alternative to ERA?
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Ireland
Unspeakable things : Sex, lies and revolution
The virtual university & educational opportunity : issues of equity and access for the next generation
Gender and the open method of coordination : perspectives on law, governance and equality in the EU
The critique of law : independent legal studies. Vol. 3, Equality = Krytyka prawa : niezależne studia nad prawem. Tom. 3, Równość
Report on equality between women and men - 2009
Global citizens : how our vision of the world is outdated, and what we can do about it
Justice and reverse discrimination
Race and sex discrimination
Web accessibility for people with disabilities
Equality : selected readings
The law of freedom in a platform : or, True magistracy restored
Working women and the law : equality and discrimination in theory and practice
The politics of diversity in Europe
Barack Obama's speech on race : "A more perfect union"
With liberty and justice for some ; how the law is used to destroy equality and protect the powerful
Widening the circle : the power of inclusive classrooms
Differential treatment in international environmental law
Few would dispute that we live in an unequal and unjust world, but what causes this inequality to persist? Leading social commentator and academic Danny Dorling claims in this timely book that in rich countries inequality is no longer caused by not having enough resources to share, but by unrecognised and unacknowledged beliefs which actually propagate it. Based on significant research across a range of fields, in Injustice Dorling argues that, as the five social evils identified by Beveridge at the dawn of the British welfare state are gradually being eradicated (ignorance, want, idleness, squalor and disease), they are being replaced by five new tenets of injustice, that: elitism is efficient; exclusion is necessary;prejudice is natural;greed is good and despair is inevitable. In an informal yet authoritative style, Dorling examines who is most harmed by these injustices and why, and what happens to those who most benefit. Hard-hitting and uncompromising in its call to action, this is essential reading for everyone concerned with social justice.
The spirit level : why more equal societes almost always do better
The sex of labour law in Europe
Declaration of Mexico : plans of action : World Conference of the International Women's Year, 19 June - 2 July 1975.
The rights of non-citizens
The New Press education reader : leading educators speak out
Me medicine vs. we medicine : reclaiming biotechnology for the common good
Equality and sex discrimination law
Report of the World Conference to Review and Appraise the Achievements of the United Nations Decade for Women : Equality, Development and Peace : Nairobi, 15-26 July 1985.
Equality in law between men and women in the European Community. Germany
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Promoting Educational Equity through Teacher Empowerment:web-assisted Transformative Action Research as a Counter-Heteronormative Praxis
Enacting equity in education : towards a comparison of equitable practices in different European local contexts
Implementing excellence in your health care organization : managing, leading and collaborating
Promoting equality in the workplace: legislative intent and reality
The law of the charter : equality rights
The margins of European law
Equality and inequality of man in ancient thought : papers read at the Colloquium in connection with the Assemblée générale of the Fédération internationale des études classiques held in Helsinki in August, 1982
Equality : from theory to action
Justifications for sex discrimination in employment
Principles of equal educational opportunity in post independence Jamaica : 1962-2008
Injustice : why social inequality persists
Philosophy of law
Equality and discrimination : essays in freedom and justice : United Kingdom Association for Legal and Social Philosophy 11. annual conference at University College, London, 6.-8-4.1984
Gender and human rights in Islam and international law : equal before Allah, unequal before man?
Now more than ever, the issue of access to higher education for all is a matter of global importance. As colleges and universities worldwide increasingly extend their academic programs abroad, develop internationally mixed research teams and create international curricular initiatives, it is essential to ensure that equitable access to a high quality education remains a key component of the research and policy agenda transnationally. In this book, leading scholars from around the globe offer the most current knowledge about postsecondary access and success, offering fertile ground for new directions in higher education. A critical read for scholars, practitioners, and policymakers, this book offers interdisciplinary perspectives on key priorities and action steps for the higher education community to help mitigate economic, social, and political inequality.
The myth of property : toward an egalitarian theory of ownership
Working out of poverty : report of the Director-General
Equality and authority : a study of class, status and power in Australia
The inequality of pay
Equality
Gender, sex and the law
Fair isn't always equal : assessing & grading in the differentiated classroom
Basic equality and discrimination : reconciling theory and law
Regional development of anti-discrimination advisory services : experiences from the implementation of advisory services and results on the identification and tackling of discrimination
Handbook on HIV and human rights for national human rights institutions
The spirit level delusion : fact-checking the Left's new theory of everything
EU-MIDIS European Union minorities and discrimination survey : data in focus report : police stops and minorities
Power and inequality in interpersonal relations
