http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17597 organisational behaviour
organisational behaviour
Group effectiveness in organizations
Leadership that matters : the critical factors for making a difference in people's lives and organizations' success
Employment relations : fairness & trust in the workplace
Modern approaches to understanding and managing organizations
Authors Gerald W. Driskill and Angela Laird Brenton have created a stimulating workbook to guide students through data collection, analysis, interpretation, and application of organizational culture data using a practical five-step process. Based on more than 20 years of experience in using this approach with hundreds of students, the authors help students apply cultural insights to fostering diversity, supporting organizational change, making leadership more dynamic, exploring the link between ethics and culture, and making organizations more effective overall. Organizational Culture in Action is an excellent supplemental text for advanced undergraduate or graduate students studying organizational communication, organizational culture, organizational development, leadership development, or managerial communication.
Rethinking organizational change : the role of dialogue, dialectic & polyphony in the organization
Elephant in the room : how relationships make or break the success of leaders and organizations
Management & organisational behaviour
Why human capital is important for organizations : people come first
Followership in action : cases and commentaries
Throughout the history of business employees had to adapt to managers and managers had to adapt to organizations. In the future this is reversed with managers and organizations adapting to employees. This means that in order to succeed and thrive organizations must rethink and challenge everything they know about work. The demographics of employees are changing and so are employee expectations, values, attitudes, and styles of working. Conventional management models must be replaced with leadership approaches adapted to the future employee. Organizations must also rethink their traditional structure, how they empower employees, and what they need to do to remain competitive in a rapidly changing world. This is a book about how employees of the future will work, how managers will lead, and what organizations of the future will look like. -- Publisher website.
Organisational behaviour : theory and practice
Award-winning psychologist Ron Friedman uses the latest research from the fields of motivation, creativity, behavioral economics, neuroscience, and management to reveal what really makes us successful at work. Combining powerful stories with cutting-edge findings, Friedman shows leaders at every level how they can use scientifically proven techniques to promote smarter thinking, greater innovation, and stronger performance.
Research companion to emotion in organisations
Organizational behavior and administration : cases, concepts, and research findings
Developing organizations : diagnosis and action
Simply putting wellness programs in place does not guarantee employee participation. Putnam shows how to design wellness programs that are effective and stimulate voluntary compliance. She provides examples, resources, and action items for a variety of programs, and helps you identify what will work in your situation.
Making change work : how to create behavioural change in organizations to drive impact and ROI
Finding a voice at work? : new perspectives on employment relations
Understanding organizational behavior
The agile organization : how to build an innovative, sustainable and resilient business
Workplace wellness that works : 10 steps to infuse well-being and vitality into any organization
Organizing relationships : traditional and emerging perspectives on workplace relationships
Organizational culture and climate continues to engage academic interest and debate. Culture has increasingly been linked to a diverse range of individuals and organizational behaviours. However, despite the international interest and importance of the concept, the dominant literature in this field has tended to reflect an Anglo–US model and perspective. There are no significant texts which have attempted to combine and integrate the more traditional with the more emergent perspective. This book will be the first volume to offer authoritative, critical and comprehensive discussion and information on the topic. It will review the current state of the art in terms of the theoretical and methodological issues and problems and it will consider future research directions.
ASTD handbook for workplace learning professionals
Problematic talk : the role of multiple understandings in project meetings
Organizational behavior : using film to visualize principles and practices
Long considered the standard for all organizational behavior textbooks, this text provides the research you want, in the language your students understand. This text continues its tradition of making current, relevant research come alive for students. This edition has been thoroughly updated to reflect the most current recent research for Organizational Behavior, while maintaining its hallmark features -clear writing style, cutting-edge content, and engaging pedagogy. This text is commited to provide the kind of engaging, cutting-edge material that helps students understand and connect with organizational behavior.
Organizational behavior : foundations, theories, and analyses
Originally part of Berrett-Koehler Communication's "Collaborating for Change" series, this short introduction to Appreciative Inquiry is the best way for organisations to be introduced to AI by the originators and leaders of the movement itself. Now with a new introduction and updated with revisions throughout, "Appreciative Inquiry" offers an approach that works because it acknowledges the prevailing attitudes toward change. It offers a fresh view based on the possibility of a more desirable future, experience with the whole system and activities that signal "something different is happening this time." That difference systematically taps the potential of human beings to make themselves, their organisations and their communities more adaptive and more effective. This approach is based on solid, proven principles for unleashing people's creativity, knowledge and spirit toward a common purpose.
"Businesses are built by growing relationships with customers. Culture is created by the stories those relationships tell. Two of the most important differentiators of a business are its talent and its culture. Talent energized by a compelling culture will drive organizational success and provide innovative growth opportunities for both the business and the individual. Based on her more than thirty years at Chick-fil-A, most of which have been spent as Vice President, Corporate Talent, Dee Ann Turner shares how Chick-fil-A has built a devoted talent and fan base that spans generations. It's My Pleasure tells powerful stories and provides practical applications on how to develop extraordinary talent able to build and/or stimulate a company's culture"--Jacket.
Organizational dissent and workplace freedom of speech : a qualitative study of young professional intra-urban migrant workers in Shanghai
Organizing and organizations
Mapping dialogue : essential tools for social change
The psychology of work : theoretically based empirical research
Explores the changing business landscape of the 21st century and what it means for organizations. The author presents a new model for how to think about and handle the complex world of business from a managerial and innovative perspective with tips and tools for motivating and engaging your organization, clients and customers.
"An international security expert shows how competitive organizations can get-and stay-ahead by thinking like their adversaries"--
The game changer : how to use the science of motivation with the power of game design to shift behaviour, shape culture and make clever happen
Organizational behavior : a diagnostic approach
Organizational behavior and management
To enter or not to enter is not the question : a qualitative inquiry into the career experiences of next generation family members
Qualitative methods and analysis in organizational research : a practical guide
The handbook of organizational economics
Trends in organizational behavior. Vol. 7, Time in organizational behavior
Managing organizations for sport and physical activity : a systems perspective
Human resource management ethics
Appreciative inquiry : a positive revolution in change
"As the pace of change in organizations increases, leaders and HR personnel must support their employees, show understanding as to why employees might react in a certain way, what they need from their working relationships, and how staff might be better motivated. Neuroscience can offer insights into all these issues. Neuroscience for Organizational Change shows how to take the findings from neuroscience and put them into action by looking at the importance of communicating change effectively through storytelling, explaining how better understanding of the brain enables better planning of organizational change, managing emotions, and creating a feeling of social connection that employees can draw on for support during times of change. Each chapter includes illustrations, solutions and examples of what other companies have done, and questions/checklist at the end"--
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Understanding organizational behaviour
Making change irresistible : overcoming resistance to change in your organization
Creating WE : change I-thinking to we-thinking build a healthy, thriving organization
Collaborate : the art of we
Images of schools : structures and roles in organizational behavior
Organizational behavior and industrial psychology : readings with commentary
Political behavior in organizations
Organizational behavior
Business process engineering : advancing the state of the art
Onboarding for a large and agile software develpment project.
Managerial process and organizational behavior
"Understanding how employees' brains work enables organizations to build cultures, design structures and processes that help people to be more innovative, productive and engaged. This has lasting impact in terms of meeting business objectives and becoming an employer of choice. We need to change the way we manage change in organizations: by understanding the brain we can do this better. Neuroscience brings a new lens through which to look at people and to understand why they react to situations in a certain way, what they need from work relationships to perform at their best, and how they might be better motivated. Neuroscience for Organizational Change not only provides evidence that will persuade the most sceptical of leaders but also provides many practical examples of how to apply the insights. The book provides a 'win-win': it will enable the organization to improve performance and also help to support the mental and emotional well-being of employees. Amongst other areas, Neuroscience for Organizational Change explores why we find organizational change difficult and what we can do to keep people focused and performing at their best. It looks at our need for social connection at work, the essential role that leaders and managers play, how best to manage emotions and reduce bias to avoid making flawed decisions, and why we need communication, involvement and storytelling to help us through change. It also sets out a new science-based planning tool, SPACES, to enhance motivation"--
Human resource management and organization behavior : selected perspectives
Essays on the behavioral foundations of competitive interaction
Competing values leadership
Sustainable protein production and consumption : pigs or peas?
Black box thinking : the surprising truth about success (and why some people never learn from their mistakes)
Reframing organizations : artistry, choice, and leadership
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook / Gerald W. Driskill, Angela Laird Brenton
Organizational behavior : core consepts
Organisational behaviour and organisational studies in health care : reflections on the future
Trends in organizational behavior. Vol. 5
Positive organizational scholarship : foundations of a new discipline
Project team dynamics : enhancing performance, improving results
The Wiley-Blackwell handbook of mindfulness
Organisational behaviour : core concepts and applications
Management and organizational behavior
Industrial organization : behaviour and control
It's my pleasure : the impact of extraordinary talent and a compelling culture
Introduction to organizational behaviour
Basic organizational behavior
The decoded company : know your talent better than you know your customers
Improving employees' information systems (IS) security behavior : toward a meta-theory of IS security training and a new framework for understanding employees' IS security behavior
Understanding work motivation through goal setting and adoption
Tongued with fire : groups in experience
Essentials of organizational behavior
This thesis was developed in order to help the commissionaire, the Microscopy and Nanotechnology Centre at Oulu University (MNT), acquire a better understanding of the current state of the market for material analyses services in Northern Bothnia region. The main purpose of this research paper is, by using applied marketing research tools- a quantitative survey, to collect as much information possible about the customers who are purchasing material analyses in the region. The main research areas have been value creation and customers’ satisfaction, regular customer behaviour and information channels used in the purchasing process. The background analyses included a theory review of B2B marketing and the organizational behaviour in specific. Moreover a SME framework has been drawn, also the buying behaviour in organizations and the value creation has been discussed to provide to the reader a theoretical fundament for the research to come. The conveyed survey managed to successfully attract respondents in order to provide valid answers to the preliminary objectives. The main conclusions have been made in reference with the building ideal material analyses service and in considerations with the future trends on the market. A material service provider that is fast, reliable, cooperative, versatile and experienced has been stated to be the most desired research partner. Furthermore, as outsourcing seems to be the future trend in the area, the importance of heterogenic service provider has been described. There is still a demand for further analyses in the area of start-up material analyses research and the exploration of the decision making in regards with buying behaviour.
This text provides a comprehensive treatment using multiple theoretical perspectives to understand and examine all workplace relationships. It helps readers broaden and enrich the ways they think about workplace relationships and their role in organizational processes.
Neuroscience for organizational change : an evidence-based practical guide to managing change
The corporate environment : a guide for human resource managers
Service quality measurement : issues and perspectives
Human resources in the foodservice industry : organizational behavior management approaches
Organisational behaviour for dummies
Organizational behavior modification and beyond : an operant and social learning approach
The individual, work and organization : behavioural studies for business and management students
Dynamic capabilities : how organizational structures affect knowledge processes
Managing behavioral processes : applications of theory and research
"Organization development is the systematic method of taking an objective look at how an organization is operating and gathering information, and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization develop and improve. Written by two leading experts in the field, this updated second edition of Organization Development includes new coverage of complexity and chaos theory, new case studies describing OD practices and attitudes in countries outside of the U.S. and U.K., and new chapters on change and culture and employee engagement and wellbeing. The authors have also re-structured the book's format, creating greater cross-referencing between the HR and OD sections and an added emphasis on the collaborations between OD and HR functions. "--
Behavior in organizations
THE RETAILER’S PERSPECTIVE OF A SHOE AGENCY’S SALES AND SERVICES, CASE: BRANDED SHOES LTD.
Organizational culture in action : a cultural analysis workbook
Strategic communication, social media and democracy : the challenge of the digital naturals
ETD - realizer and enabler of learning : an interpretive conceptual approach
KEY FACTORS IN PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT : Employee point of view
"In Red Team, security expert Micah Zenko provides an in-depth investigation into the work of red teams, revealing the best practices, most common pitfalls, and most effective strategies of these modern-day Devil's Advocates. He shows how competitive organizations, from private corporations to whole governments, can and should mitigate risk by red teaming. A growing number of institutions are already using this approach, Zenko shows, but he argues that the potential of red teaming far exceeds its current applications. Drawing on hundreds of interviews and his own training at the U.S. Army's Red Team University (which he was the first civilian to attend), Zenko traces the history of red teaming, describes its current uses, and explores its vast potential in today's interconnected, multipolar world. The basic techniques of red teaming remain the same whether applied to the CIA, IBM, or the NFL, and executed correctly they can yield impressive results: red teams have given businesses an edge over their competition, confirmed vital CIA intelligence, and troubleshot dangerous military missions long before there were boots on the ground. But red teams are only as good as the leaders who commission them, and Zenko shows not only how to create an empowered red team, but also what to do with its advice. Essential reading for policy wonks and business leaders alike, Red Team will revolutionize the way organizations think about, exploit, compensate for, and correct their institutional strengths and weaknesses. Through illuminating case studies and never-before-told stories, Zenko shows how any group--from army units to credit card companies to sports teams--can win by thinking like the enemy"--
Organization development : a practitioner's guide for OD and HR
Organizational behavior : contingency views
Readings in organizational behavior
New thinking in organizational behaviour : from social engineering to reflective action
Management and organisational behaviour
Understanding and managing organizational behavior
Bureaucratic behavior in the executive branch : an analysis of organizational change
Organizational Behavior
Organizational behavior : a management challenge
Theories of organizational behavior
Organizational behavior : foundations, realities and challenges
HR to the rescue : case studies of HR solutions to business challenges
Processing people : cases in organizational behaviour
Organizational behavior : core concepts
Cases in organisational behaviour
Interpersonal skills in organizations
Understanding management customs across cultures : a comparative study of Finland and Poland
Supplier selection process : criteria and methods case study analysis in ALMACO Group : an example of shipbuilding industry
Organizational behavior : improving performance and commitment in the workplace
Organizational behavior : understanding life at work
Trends in organizational behavior. Vol. 4
Changeology : how to enable groups, communities, and societies to do things they've never done before
The corporate culture survival guide
Darwin and Ethics : Using Natural Selection to Understand Ethical Business and Organizational Behavior
Talent : making people your competitive advantage
Red team : how to succeed by thinking like the enemy
Principles of organizational behavior
Identifying needs and buying behaviour for material analyses services by SMEs dealing with tangible products in Northern Bothnia region : a quantitative study
"Positive Organizational Scholarship" is a book that helps establish a new field of study in the organizational sciences. It examines a variety of positive dynamics in organizations that give rise to extraordinary outcomes, often described by words, such as excellence, thriving, flourishing, abundance, vitality, and resilience. POS has a bias toward life-giving, generative, and ennobling human phenomena. It represents a value perspective based on ideas of "goodness" and positive human potential. POS is distinguished from traditional organizational studies in that it seeks to understand what represents the best of the human condition, and it does so in rigorous ways, based on scholarly research and theory. Chapters in this volume will serve as the key reference material for those interested in understanding exceptional, virtuous, life-giving, and flourishing individual and organizational behavior.
21st century management : leadership and innovation in the thought economy
Appreciative inquiry handbook : for leaders of change
As the study of followership further escalates into the global mainstream of leadership studies, this book proactively engages future leaders and followers in issues that they are likely to face in various everyday human resource development, management, and leadership contexts.
Critical cases in organisational behaviour
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Errors in organizations
Introduction to educational leadership and organizational behavior : theory into practice
Bullish on uncertainty : how organizational cultures transform participants
Organizational behavior in education : leadership and school reform
Organisational behaviour : individuals, groups and organisation
Approaches to training and development : new perspectives in organizational learning, performance, and change
Organizational health : integrated approach to building optimum performance
An introduction to work and organizational psychology : a European perspective
Harvard business review on management. 1, Classic advice on aspects of organizational life
A primer on organizational behavior
Classics in critical management studies
The international handbook of organizational culture and climate
Talk, inc. : how trusted leaders use conversation to power their organizations
Perceived organizational support : fostering enthusiastic and productive employees
Information and cognition in organizations
Practical problems in organizations : cases in leadership, organizational behavior, and human resources
The other at the workplace : power and language in a multicultural workplace
Organisational behaviour in health care : the research agenda
Case study : the impact of financial and non-financial rewards on employee motivation
Organizational change and temporality : bending the arrow of time
Negotiating in organizations
The employer brand : keeping faith with the deal
Organizational behaviour in its context : the Aston programme III
"Google amazes us by generating answers before we even finish asking a question. Netflix delights us with spot-on recommendations. These companies use the power of Big Data-the collection and analysis of massive amounts of information. It's one of the hottest concepts in business. But while many companies are embracing Big Data to understand their customers, very few are applying it to their own employees. One of the pioneers in that effort has been acclaimed digital marketing agency Klick Health. Now Klick's leaders share the principles that guided their fast growth and low turnover. Klick CEO Leerom Segal and his colleagues show how personalizing each employee's experience can increase their engagement, help them learn new skills faster, and be placed with the right teams. The authors outline the three transformative ideas they've developed for "decoding" any company or department-figuring out what really makes it tick, so you can maximize its potential. The authors share success stories from Klick and other organizations, and offer a bold new approach to designing and managing a workplace. The result is a groundbreaking book for any company that wants the best from its people"--
Handbook of principles of organizational behavior : indispensable knowledge for evidence-based management
Diversity management
That's not how we do it here : a story about how organizations rise and fall - and can rise again
Principles of organizational behavior : realities and challenges
An introduction to organisational behaviour for managers and engineers : a group and multicultural approach
The changing of organizational behavior patterns : a case study of decentralization
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
Organizational behavior : managing people and organizations
"Why Human Capital Is Important for Organizations is an innovative book that derives from the casual meeting of people, scholars, and practitioners who live and work in many different parts of the world. The 'fil rouge' among them is their interpretation of how human resource management actually works in the present organizational context. Concretely, this book encompasses eleven chapters dealing with some of the most important issues in the field of human resource management through the exploration of four key themes: drawing the scenario, the pivots of human capital, measuring human capital, and good practices from abroad"--
Under new management : the unexpected truths about leading great organizations
Organizational behaviour
Readings and exercises in organizational behavior
Organizations in action : social science bases of administrative theory
A handbook of human resource management practice
Organizations
In the shadow of organization
Organizational Justice During Strategic Change : The Employee's Perspective
Organizational realities : studies of strategizing and organizing
Organizational behavior : solutions for management
Managing to manage : the essential guide to people management
The future of work : attract new talent, build better leaders, and create a competitive organization
The silo effect : why every organisation needs to disrupt itself to survive
Case studies in organizational behaviour
Managing human behavior in public and nonprofit organizations
Cultural diversity in organizations : theory, research & practice
Research methods for studying groups and teams : a guide to approaches, tools, and technologies
New directions for organization theory : problems and prospects
Identifying needs and buying behaviour for material analyses services by SMEs dealing with tangible products in Northern Bothnia region
Gold medal strategies : business lessons from America's miracle team
"Organization Development is concerned with using planned and systematic approaches to help develop more effective organizations. This is done by taking an objective look at how an organization is operating, gathering information and then deciding on the most appropriate action to help that organization change and develop. Written by two of the leading experts in the field, Organization Development defines OD and describes how it can be used effectively in today's economy to create organizations which maximise organizational capability. The authors provide practical advice on using diagnostics techniques to identify an organization's needs and explain how to use them across a range of areas including change, culture and organization design. Bridging the gap between theory and practice, Organization Development provides a wealth of helpful advice for OD practitioners, HR professionals and those with an interest in helping develop their organization"--
Organization theory : from Chester Barnard to the present and beyond
Groups within organizations : applications of social psychology to organizational behaviour
Organizing boundaries in early phases of product development : the case of an interorganizational vehicle platform project setting
"Agility" is the ability to continuously adapt to rapidly changing circumstances, while "resilience" is being able to bounce back from setbacks. Resilience is essential if a company's benefits are to endure in the long run and if their employees' loyalty is to be kept.The Agile Organization focuses on how to build both agility and resilience at individual, team, and organizational levels. Author Linda Holbeche puts the process of developing agile strategy, structures, and processes into the big picture context.This book provides OD/HR practitioners with ways to be effective in a 24/7 business culture, to recognize and avoid the pitfalls of achieving agility without also building organizational resilience, and to understand the importance of involving people in transforming organizations for greater agility.Combining case studies, self-assessment tools, guidelines, and practical checklists with theory, Holbeche explains how to achieve organizational agility while also maintaining and enhancing employee engagement and resilience. "--
Behavioral problems in organizations
The best place to work : the art and science of creating an extraordinary workplace
Black box thinkers see failure as the very best way to learn. They interrogate their errors as part of their future strategy for success. Using case studies, interviews and practical takeaways, Matthew Syed explains how to turn failure into success.
