http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17534 Bantu languages
Bantu languages
Studies in the classification of Eastern Bantu languages
Bantu historical linguistics : theoretical and empirical perspectives
Specimens of Bantu folklore from Northern Rhodesia : texts (collected with the help of the Phonograph) and English translations
The Southern Bantu languages
A grammar of Nzadi [B865] : a Bantu language of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
First lessons in Kikuyu
Bantu languages and linguistics : papers in memory of Dr. Rugatiri D.K. Mekacha
Chichewa
Notes on comparative bantuistics : some notes based on the colloqium "The Main Problems of Bantuistics", April 23-25, Dept. of African and Asian Studies, University of Helsinki, led by Prof. Ernst Dammann
The phonology and morphology of Ri̧mi
Disambiguation of morphological analysis in Bantu languages
Kuverenga Chishóna : an introductory Shona reader with grammatical sketch
Lexico-phonological comparative analysis of selected dialects of the Meru-Tharaka group
Cyclicity in the phrasal phonology of KiVunjo Chaga
Outline grammar of Bantu
The Ha language of Tanzania : grammar, texts and vocabulary
Semantic assignment rules in Bantu classes : a reanalysis based on Kiswahili
Relative clauses in Luganda
Early Records on Bantu
The Bantu languages
Indices to Bantu languages
Introductory Bantu
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 2
Introduction to the morphology of Setswana
Linguistic survey of the northern Bantu borderland. Vol. 1.
Aspects of accent and tone in Ci-Ruri
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 4
Kisangani Swahili : choices and variation in a multilingual urban space
Call me by my name : more than 2000 Xhosa, Zulu, Swazi and Ndebele names
Lucazi grammar : a morphosemantic analysis
Morpho-Syntactic aspects of the verb in Gikuyu : A Bantu language : a syntactic analysis of verbal extensions
The classification of the Bantu languages
Swahili and Sabaki : a linguistic history
Tones in Vunjo (Chaga) : a descriptive analysis of the tones of the Vunjo dialect of Chaga (Bantu) with emphasis of the phonetic realisation of the major parts of speech : a report submitted to UNESCO being a result of research carried in the Departement of Phonetics (University of Helsinki) during the fellowship period October 1976 - July 1978
The historical reconstruction of Great Lakes Bantu cultural vocabulary : etymologies and distributions
Mbundu-English-Portugues dictionary : with grammar and syntax. 1-3
Bantu word division : a new study of an old problem
Ovambo riddles : with comments and vocabularies
Bantu phonology and morphology
Tense and aspect in Chichewa, Citumbuka and Cisena : a description and comparison of the tense-aspect systems in three southeastern Bantu languages
Theoretical aspects of Bantu grammar. 1
Collected papers on Bantu linguistics. Malcolm Guthrie
Tense and aspect in Bantu
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 3
Tense, aspect, modality and negation in Kinyakyusa : a Bantu language of Tanzania and Malawi
Bantu : modern grammatical, phonetical, and lexicographical studies since 1860
The Bantu-Romance connection : a comparative investigation of verbal agreement, DPs, and information structure
Solutions for handling non-concatenative processes in Bantu languages
Syntactic structures and morphological information
Linguistic survey of the northern Bantu borderland. Vol. 2
Inheritance, contact, and change in two East African languages
Autosegmental studies in Bantu tone
A Grammatical Overview of Lingála
The Bantu speaking heritage of the United States
An autosegmental analysis of Venda tonology
Introduction to the phonology of the Bantu languages
No abstract
Tones in Vunjo (Chaga) : a descriptive analysis of the tones of the Vunjo dialect of Chaga (Bantu) with emphasis on the phonetic realisation of the major parts of speech : a report submitted to UNESCO being a result of research carried in the Departement of Phonetics (University of Helsinki) during the fellowship period October 1976 - July 1978
Collins Zulu phrasebook
Contributions to Bantu lexicography
Theoretical aspects of Bantu tone
Papers from the workshop on Bantu relative clauses
The applied affix and transitivity : a historical study in Bantu
The nomenclature of cattle in the south-eastern Bantu languages
Encoding motion case studies from Africa : in memory of Ursula Drolc
Contributions to the history of Bantu linguistics
Swahili : the complete course. 1, Beginners /part A.
The Kagulu language of Tanzania : grammar, texts and vocabulary
Notes on form and structure in Bantu speech
A comparative study of Bantu noun classes
An introduction to Tswana grammar
African mosaic : festschrift for J. A. Louw
A comparative grammar of the South-African Bantu languages : comprising those of Zanzibar, Mozambique, The Zambesi, Kafirland, Benguela, Angola, The Kongo, The Ogowe, The Cameroons, The Lake Region, etc
The phonology and morphology of Kimatuumbi
Rough road to dynamism : Bible translating in northern Namibia, 1954-1987: Kwanyama, Kwangali and Ndonga
Studies in African comparative linguistics : with special focus on Bantu and Mande
Ovambo proverbs with African parallels
The Ha noun class system revisited
The making of a mixed language : the case of Ma'a--Mbugu
The Ndengeleko language of Tanzania
A glossary of terms for Bantu verbal categories : with special emphasis on tense and aspect
Mapping between disjoining and conjoining writing systems in Bantu langagues : implementation on Kwanyama
Swahili : the complete course. 1, Beginners /part B.
Between distinction & extinction : the harmonisation and standardisation of African languages
Bantu languages : analyses, description and theory
A modern Runyoro-Rutooro grammar
Ambiguity of morphological and syntactic analyses
The Greater dictionary of isiXhosa
Comparative Bantu : an introduction to the comparative linguistics and prehistory of the Bantu languages. 1
Theoretical issues in the grammar of Kikamba : a Bantu language
Issues in Bantu tonology
The origin of the Bantu : a preliminary study
The Manenguba languages (Bantu A.15, Mbo cluster) of Cameroon
Describing verbs in disjoining writing systems
The role of tone in the structure of Su̧kú̧ma
