http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17563 commercial code
commercial code
Common European Sales Law (CESL) : commentary
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 2, Deutsch-English
Legal harmonization and the business enterprise : corporate and capital market law harmonization policy in Europe and the U.S.A
MBA fundamentals business law
The customs law of the European economic community
European Union law for international business : an introduction
Legal reforms in China and Vietnam : a comparison of Asian communist regimes
Legal responses to trafficking in women for sexual exploitation in the European Union
Security for debt in ancient Near Eastern law
Trading with America
Justice delayed : judicial reform in Latin America
The WTO dispute settlement system : challenges of the environment, legitimacy and fragmentation
Globalization and the harmonization of law
It is commonly recognised that commercial security, in its different forms, has become an important element in societies as a provider of private and public security. The reasons for this development are manifold but can be seen to well from the changes in individual societies and their governance structures. Because of the growth of the security industry, many regulatory regimes have considered some form of industry regulation to be necessary. Some private security research has been carried out during the last 40 years. Most of the published texts have handled the situation in individual countries. The published studies are in most cases theoretical and based on existing documentary sources. In this study local interviews in six regulatory regimes; Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden, as well as transnational sources are used to make comparisons of different regulation solutions.
Principles of French law
English as a legal language
Finnish law as an option : private international law in Finland
Law for European Business Studies
International trade and business : law, policy and ethics
Fundamentals of international business transactions : documents
E.C. financial market regulation and company law
Abstract (1 s.).
Blackstone's statutes : commercial & consumer law : 2005/2006
Contract and tort law : twenty cases from Finnish Supreme Court
Creating the virtual store : taking your web site from browsing to buying
Commentary on the UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods (CISG)
Seafarers' rights in the globalized maritime industry
Doing business 2013 : smarter regulations for small and medium-size enterprises
Atiyah and Adams' sale of goods
Lakikielen sanakirja : suomi - englanti = Finnish-English law dictionary
Using the Web to compete in a global marketplace
The world trading system : law and policy of international economic relations
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 13, Business and private organizations
Lun guoji jingji faxue = An Chen on international economic law
Law of International Trade
Diversity in secondary rules and the unity of international law
Schmitthoff's export trade : the law and practice of international trade
There is, however, a basic problem with definitions, vocabulary and statistics concerning private and commercial security. A common platform is missing, which means that in this study some basic elements have been defined in order to be able to make structured analyses. The existing situation and interview comments concerning private security regulation have been used to analyse the industry, its challenges and its future development. The thesis tries to answer the questions why, what/who and how to regulate in general and more specifically in the six chosen regulatory regimes. Many of the industry’s challenges and trends can be understood through an examination of existing systems of private security regulation: legal apparatus that reveals how commercial security is positioned in different societies.
Protection of the environment and the free movement of goods
The effects of institutional determinants on entrepreneurial intentions of Finnish business school graduates
Guide to European company laws
The UNIDROIT Principles 2004 : their impact on contractual practice, jurisprudence and codification ; reports of the ISDC Colloquium (8/9 June 2006)
Chinese company and securities law : investment vehicles, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance in China
European business law : legal and economic analyses on integration and harmonization
International trade in water rights : the next step
Regulation of manned commercial security services : a transnational comparative study of Belgium, Estonia, New York, Queensland, South Africa and Sweden
Russian law in transition : law and institutional change
Lakikielen sanakirja : suomi-englanti = Finnish-English law dictionary
The findings of this thesis confirm that private as well as commercial security regulation is very much a ‘command and control’ and ‘top-down’ procedure, bound to the general situation in each individual regulatory regime, and reflecting the cultures of the societies. The regulation texts as such may look quite similar, but the actual reasons for and practical implementations of them are locally specific and related to individual states’ overall governance practices and administrative maturity.
The food system : a guide
The liability of banks under letters of credit
How culture, law, and language are all barriers to effective cross-cultural legal communication, specifically international commercial contracts
Beautiful days : a bright young things novel
Handbook on electronic commerce
Law and integration : Sweden and the European community
The bootlegger
Law and practice of international commercial arbitration
National constitutions and international economic law
The interpretation of contracts
Law and revolution : the formation of the western legal tradition
Electronic signatures law and regulation
China trade law : code of the foreign trade law of the People's Republic of China = Code du droit du commerce extérieur de la République populaire de Chine
Law, labour, and empire : comparative perspectives on seafarers, c. 1500-1800
Access to Finnish law
Women and immigration law : new variations on classical feminist themes
Introduction to Swiss law
European takeovers : law and practice
Debate about globalization has raised some serious questions about the viability of the state. Jarrod Wiener argues here that there is a danger of making generalizations that the state has lost authority across a range of sovereignty issues. Concentrating on one aspect of sovereignty, that of protective jurisdiction, Wiener examines the USA and the states of the European Union as actors that are highly integrated into transnational practices, and takes international banking, money laundering, and the Internet as case studies. Wiener believes that the challenge to sovereignty from these practices comes from deregulation and liberalization of public policy, with the consequent empowerment of civil society actors who are transnationally mobile. In response, states are pursuing a two-fold strategy to assert control. The first is "domestication", which is the formulation of municipal law to control the activities of individuals and to localize control on the territory of the state. The second process is that of "harmonization" of laws across borders, which standardizes the means of controlling civil society actors.
The Internet and crime
International trade in professional services : assessing barriers and encouraging reform
UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) : [commentary]
Secured credit in Europe : from conflicts to compatibility
Perpectives [!] on China : papers from the Nordic Association for China Studies Conference at the University of Helsinki, June 7-9, 2005.
"Seafarers were the first workers to inhabit a truly international labour market, a sector of industry which, throughout the early modern period, drove European economic and imperial expansion, technological and scientific development, and cultural and material exchanges around the world. This volume adopts a comparative perspective, presenting current research about maritime labourers across three centuries, in the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic and Indian Oceans, to understand how seafarers contributed to legal and economic transformation within Europe and across the world. Focusing on the three related themes of legal systems, labouring conditions, and imperial power, these essays explore the dynamic and reciprocal relationship between seafarers' individual and collective agency, and the social and economic frameworks which structured their lives"--
Russian foreign relations and investment law
Japanese commercial law in an era of internationalization
Securities regulation at the level of the European Community
Doing business 2015 : comparing business regulations for domestic firms in 189 economies /.
Includes bibliographical references and index
Unification and harmonization of international commercial law : interaction or deharmonization?
The Sale of Goods Act
Wörterbuch der Rechts- und Wirtschaftssprache = Dictionary of legal and commercial terms. T. 1, Englisch-Deutsch = English-German
Chinese civil law for business
Introduction to business law in Russia
Europa-Glossar der Rechts- und Verwaltungssprache = European glossary of legal and administrative terminology. 13, Ausgewählte Begriffe des Niederlassungsrecht = Law of establishment
Swedish intellectual property and market legislation : collection of statutory texts
Interpreting CISG Article 79 (1): Economic Impediment and the Reasonability Requirement
Drafting : its application to conveyancing and commercial documents
The Securities Markets Act and other securities legislation
Deepening integration in the food industry : prices, productivity and export
1990 supplement to the German commercial code : as amended to Jan. 1, 1989.
