http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1757 donations
donations
Multiple moralities and religions in post-Soviet Russia
Liberty  : the French-American Statue in art and history
The languages of gift in the early Middle Ages
Managing the public's trust in non-profit organizations
Charity, endowments, and charitable institutions in medieval Islam
Grant to Eisenhower : political givaways unlimited
Do ut des : gift giving, memoria, and conflict management in the medieval low countries
Marking a departure in our understanding of Christian views of the afterlife from 250 to 650 CE, The Ransom of the Soul explores a revolutionary shift in thinking about the fate of the soul that occurred around the time of Rome's fall. Peter Brown describes how this shift transformed the church's institutional relationship to money and set the stage for its domination of medieval society in the West. Early Christian doctrine held that the living and the dead, as equally sinful beings, needed each other in order to achieve redemption. The devotional intercessions of the living could tip the balance between heaven and hell for the deceased. In the third century, money began to play a decisive role in these practices, as wealthy Christians took ever more elaborate steps to protect their own souls and the souls of their loved ones in the afterlife. They secured privileged burial sites and made lavish donations to churches. By the seventh century, Europe was dotted with richly endowed monasteries and funerary chapels displaying in marble splendor the Christian devotion of the wealthy dead. In response to the growing influence of money, church doctrine concerning the afterlife evolved from speculation to firm reality, and personal wealth in the pursuit of redemption led to extraordinary feats of architecture and acts of generosity. But it also prompted stormy debates about money's proper use -- debates that resonated through the centuries and kept alive the fundamental question of how heaven and earth could be joined by human agency.
The university was founded by private donors : the 80th anniversary
The Saatchi gift to the arts council collection
Turun taidemuseo : 101 vuotta nykytaidetta : nutidskonst i 101 år = Turku Art Museum : 101 years of contemporary art = Åbo konstmuseum
The world of the gift
Given time. 1, Counterfeit money
In 2000, Bill and Hillary Clinton owed millions of dollars in legal debt. Since then, they've earned over $130 million. Where did the money come from? Most people assume that the Clintons amassed their wealth through lucrative book deals and high-six figure fees for speaking gigs. Now, Peter Schweizer shows who is really behind those enormous payments
Risk assessment on change of testing requirements for partner donation of reproductive cells
Lasin taide : Kaj Franck 100 vuotta = The art of glass : Kaj Franck 100 years : Kyösti Kakkonen Collection
The wisdom of generosity : a reader in American philanthropy
Reflections of the imperial court : mementoes and gifts of the czars from the monasteries of Lake Ladoga : exhibition of the Orthodox Church Museum 26.11.1988-31.08.1989
On the donation of Constantine
THE USE OF SOCIAL NETWORKING AS A MEANS OF FUNDRAISING – ANALYSIS OF UNICEF’S INTERNET-BASED DONATION TOOL
The ransom of the soul : afterlife and wealth in early western Christianity
Compassionate capitalism : how corporations can make doing good an integral part of doing well
Analysis of deviations and delays in aid disbursements
Mr. Deeds goes to town
Foundations in Europe
Negotiating the gift : pre-modern figurations of exchange
Collections donated by the Academy of Sciences of St Petersburg to the Alexander University of Finland in 1829 : an annotated catalogue
Lady Liberty : a biography
Gifts, corruption, philanthropy : the ambiguity of gift practices in business
Fundraising management : analysis, planning and practice
Developing your case for support
Kansallisesta kansainväliseksi : Kouri-kokoelma Kiasman peruskooelman muotoutumisessa = From national to international : the Kouri collection in the formation of Kiasma's collection
Julian Schnabel : the conscious gaze of frightened young nuns = Nuorten pelokkaiden nunnien tietoinen katse
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 1, Foundations
The cost of democracy : party funding in modern British politics
Women and the gift economy : a radically different worldview is possible
For charitable organizations seeking relationships with donors, trust is as critical a factor as reputation. Simply put, people are reluctant to give if they can't be sure of where their money is going. Building trust is fast becoming recognized as a key not only to attracting donors, but to keeping them as well. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations analyzes the intricate psychological processes behind trust and philanthropy and applies this knowledge to best-practice guidelines for nonprofits. This monograph explores cognitive, affective, societal, and other contexts for trust, and how these influence giving in the short and long term. On the practical level, chapters offer new research-based methods of assessing and gauging donor trust, and a real-world framework for building trust with donors, communities, and the public at large. These organization-level ideas are also related to larger policy initiatives such as the Millennium Development Goals. Among the book's core topics: The role of trust in donating money. Understanding and measuring donors' trust in a charity. Improving charity efficiency and accountability in building trust. Communicating effectively with donors. Dealing with violations of trust. The future of charities and nonprofit organizations, especially in the digital age. The current climate demands more of the nonprofit sector as a major player in poverty reduction around the globe. Managing the Publics Trust in Non-Profit Organizations brings innovative thinking on philanthropy to researchers and academics, professionals in charity and nonprofit management, and policymakers.
Living rich for less money : create the lifestyle you want by giving, saving, and spending smart
Beyond tithing
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 2, Applications
Medieval transformations : texts, power, and gifts in context
Marina Tsvetaeva : the woman, her world and her poetry
Strategy of giving : how giving makes good business
The Dahlström brothers - Turku's art patrons / Rolf Nummelin
Clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make Bill and Hillary rich
Lorenzo Valla (1407-1457) was the leading theorist of the Renaissance humanist movement and the author of major works on Latin style, scholastic logic, and other topics. In On the Donation of Constantine he uses new philological methods to attack the authenticity of the most important document justifying the papacy's claims to temporal rule, in a brilliant analysis that is often seen as marking the beginning of modern textual criticism. Widely translated throughout Europe during the Reformation, the work was placed on the Church's Index of Prohibited Books. This volume provides a new translation with introduction and notes by G. W. Bowersock, commissioned for the I Tatti Renaissance Library, along with a translation of the Donation of Constantine document itself.
War games : the story of aid and war in modern times
Philanthropy in a flat world : inspiration through globalization
Bibliotheca Wrightiana
Reaching potential donors : fundraising advice for Cape Windjammers Education Trust
Sociology of giving
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 1, Foundations [Elektronisk resurs]
Strategic giving : the art and science of philanthropy
Giving--God's way
Kouri-kokoelma Nykytaiteenmuseo Kiasmassa = The Kouri collection in the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma
The charm bracelet
American foundations : an investigative history
How to increase giving in your church
The family in political thought
Women and the Gift Economy (2007), edited by Genevieve Vaughan, is a collection of papers given at a conference on the gift economy held in 2004 in Las Vegas, Nevada. It presents the many perspectives, of Native American, Hawaiian, African, South American, European, Canadian and US women regarding a woman-based economy and women as the bringers of another possible world.
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 2, Applications [Elektronisk resurs]
Liber daticus Bibliothecae Universitatis Tartuensis : 1988-1993
The museum time-machine : putting cultures on display
The love of an engineer
Nanny and Yrjö Kaunisto Donation Collection : Ateneum
Legal bribes? : an analysis of corporate donations to electoral campaigns
Project sponsorship : an essential guide for those sponsoring projects within their organizations
Attracting and maintaining funders after an internal crisis in an arts organization case : dance theatre of Harlem
Mäzenatentum für Bibliotheken = Philantropy [sic] for libraries
Palau Museum bai : traditional men's meeting house (adjunct to Palau Museum) constructed and dedicated 1969 = Bai ra Ngesechel ar Cherchar
Philanthropy in Russia : public attitudes and participation
Gifts for the collections: guidelines for libraries
