http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17596 counter-terrorism operations
counter-terrorism operations
Killer Elite : the inside story of America's most secret special operations team
Contemporary debates on terrorism
Anti-terrorist measures and human rights
Media and terrorism : global perspectives
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : Xbox One
Ending terrorism : lessons for defeating al-Qaeda
The dangerous landscape : international perspectives on twenty-first century terrorism; transnational challenge, international responses : analysis and commentary from the Partnership for Peace Consortium's Combating Terrorism Working Group (CTWG)
"Eleven powerful pieces first published in The New Yorker recall the path terror in the Middle East has taken from a more peaceful time in 1990s Israel to the recent beheadings of reporters by ISIS. With the Pulitzer Prize-winning The Looming Tower, Lawrence Wright became generally acknowledged as one of our major journalists writing on terrorism in the Middle East. This collection draws on several articles he wrote while researching that book as well as many that he's written since, following where and how al-Qaeda and its core cult-like beliefs have morphed and spread. They include: a picture of Saudi Arabia under the control of the religious police; the Syrian film industry, then compliant at the edges but already exuding a feeling of the barely masked fury that erupted into civil war; Israel and Hamas waging war over Gaza. Others continue to look into al-Qaeda as it forms a master plan for its future, experiences a rebellion from within the organization, and spins off a growing web of terror in the world. The American response is covered in profiles of two FBI agents and a head of the CIA. It ends with the recent devastating capture and beheadings by ISIS of four American journalists and how our government handled the situation"--
Pursuit of honour
The last man
Confronting terrorism : European experiences, threat perceptions, and policies
Definition of terrorism
The concept of pre-emption : the changing structure of international order concerning the maintenance of international peace and security
Extreme risk : a life fighting the bombmakers
Tom Clancy's Commander-in-Chief
Sniper : ghost shooter
Judgments of the Israel Supreme Court : fighting terrorism within the law. Vol. 2
Tom Clancy's Splinter cell : double agent : PlayStation 3
Hunt the scorpion
Security and game theory : algorithms, deployed systems, lessons learned
A most wanted man
Black ops
Holy terror
Why we're losing the war on terror
Business under fire : how Israeli companies are succeeding in the face of terror--and what we can learn from them
Dirty wars : the world is a battlefield
Warrior elite : 31 heroic special-ops missions from the raid on Son Tay to the killing of Osama Bin Laden
On liberty
Voices of sanity : reaching out for peace
Tom Clancy's Rainbow six : Vegas. 2 : Xbox 360
Retribution
The operative
Off the grid
National laws and regulations on the prevention and suppression of international terrorism = Dispositions législatives et réglemementaires nationales relatives à la prévention et à l'élimination du terrorisme international. Part 2, (A-L)
Guantánamo : why the illegal US base should be returned to Cuba
Deep black : death wave
Tom Clancy under fire
Human rights and the fight against terrorism : the Council of Europe guidelines
Jason Bourne is in Moscow to attend the wedding of his old friend and covert brother-in-arms Colonel Boris Karpov. But something is terribly amiss and during the gala reception, Karpov's throat is slit from ear to ear. Embedded in the wound is the Star of David worn by Bourne's friend and lover, Mossad's most deadly field agent, Sara Yadin. Did Sara kill Karpov? The FSB thinks so, and sends out a world-wide kill order. Russia's new war is going well. Incursions into Ukraine, the counter-insurgency, the Kremlin-led disinformation campaign are all escalating smoothly. But with the price of oil and gas plummeting, along with the ruble, where is Russia getting the money needed to fund this war? Two mysteries only Jason Bourne can solve. And solve them he must, both to head off a full-scale invasion of Ukraine and to keep Sara alive.
Code of conduct
American global strategy and the 'war on terrorism'
Terrorism and counter-terrorism : ethics and liberal democracy
The increment : a novel
Human rights and non-discrimination in the 'War on terror'
Terrorism in perspective
Global threats of terrorism, drug-smuggling and other crimes have led to a significant increase in research on game theory for security. Game theory provides a sound mathematical approach to deploy limited security resources to maximize their effectiveness. A typical approach is to randomize security schedules to avoid predictability, with the randomization using artificial intelligence techniques to take into account the importance of different targets and potential adversary reactions. This book distills the forefront of this research to provide the first and only study of long-term deployed applications of game theory for security for key organizations such as the Los Angeles International Airport police and the US Federal Air Marshals Service. The author and his research group draw from their extensive experience working with security officials to intelligently allocate limited security resources to protect targets, outlining the applications of these algorithms in research and the real world.
The counter- and antiterrorist operations in the Northern Caucasus : main lessons and conclusions
Deathwing
Transfer of power
A time of terror : how democratic societies respond to revolutionary violence
The trials
Captain America vol. 1 : the new deal
Tom Clancy's Rainbow six : Vegas. 2 : PlayStation 3
Skin Deep - Chantel O'Hurley has parlayed talent, breathtaking beauty-and indominable will-into stardom. But though she needs Quinn Doran's protection now, the sexy, cynical P.I. Utterly infuriates her. . .threatening to melt her icy façade and ignite her heart. Without a Trace - A life of adventure and intrigue has left Trace O'Hurley bitter and world-weary. But in the innocent arms of spirited damsel-in-distress Gillian Fitzpatrick, Trace finds himself longing for the life-and family-he left behind / WorldCat.
Is all fair in law and war : the legality of collateral damage in targeted killings with drones : discussion particularly in the context of CIA drone attacks in Pakistan
The network
Functional security and crisis management capacity in the European Union
"Contemporary Debates on Terrorism is an innovative new textbook, addressing a number of key issues in contemporary terrorism studies from both 'traditional' and 'critical' perspectives. In recent years the terrorism studies field has grown significantly, with an increasing number of scholars beginning to debate the complex dynamics underlying this category of violence. Within the broader field, there are many identifiable controversies and issues which divide scholarly opinion, a number of which are discussed in this text: - Theoretical issues, such as the definition of terrorism and state terrorism; - Substantive issues, including the threat posed by al Qaeda and the utility of different responses to terrorism; - Ethical issues, encompassing the torture of terrorist suspects and targeted assassination The format of the volume involves a leading scholar taking a particular position on the controversy, followed by an opposing or alternative viewpoint written by another contributor. In addition to the pedagogic value of allowing students to read opposing arguments in one place, the volume will also be important for providing an overview of the state of the field and its key lines of debate. Contemporary Debates on Terrorism will be essential reading for all students of terrorism and political violence, critical terrorism studies, critical security studies, security studies and IR in general"--
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
Chechnya : from nationalism to jihad
Hearts of darkness : torturing children in the war on terror
Inauguration day : a thriller
Unmasking terror : a global review of terrorist activities
Nuclear terrorism : the ultimate preventable catastrophe
Wild storm
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Bloody Belfast : an oral history of the British army's war against the IRA
Terrorism : a look at the way the world is today
Labyrinth : The war on terror, 2001 - ?
September 11 : consequences for Canada
Threats and prospects in combating terrorism : a challenge for domestic or transnational cooperation?
The long and winding road : the EU's search for a role in counter-terrorism
International instruments related to the prevention and suppression of international terrorism
Contributed articles on diversity of voices against the voilent attacks on September 11, 2001 and its aftermath.
The Trans-Saharan counter-terrorism initiative : the US war on terrorism in Northwest Africa
The fight against terrorism : Council of Europe standards
O'Hurley's return
Terror and consent : the wars for the twenty-first century
Counter-terrorism networks in the European Union : maintaining democratic legitimacy after 9/11
Fighting terror in cyberspace
Human rights and terrorism : seminar in the Hall of Knights, The Hague, The Netherlands September 17-18, 2003
Elements of Finnish state practice in 2005-2006, with particular reference to Finland's presidency of the European Union
Tom Clancy's rainbow six : Siege : PlayStation 4
Iraq : the borrowed kettle
Dead or alive
The ghost writer
Counterterrorism
A war on terror : Afghanistan and after
Hunt the jackal
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
Takedown
Main topics of the European debate in 2008
Global war - local views : media images of the Iraq war
The terror years : from al-Qaeda to the Islamic State
The prisoner of Guantanamo
The ghost
The Bourne enigma
Terrorism : an investigator's handbook
Terrorists and terrorism in the contemporary world
Understanding lone wolf terrorism : global patterns, motivations and prevention
Academic efforts of Naif Arab University for Security Sciences (NAUSS) in combating terrorism and its manufacturers : a special report
European cooperation against terrorism : conference proceedings
Mitch Rapp is used to winning. But now the CIA operative finds himself chasing false leads from continent to continent in an effort to keep nukes from falling into the hands of terrorists. Together with friend and colleague Scott Coleman, Rapp struggles to prevent the loss of these lethal weapons, and soon it becomes alarmingly clear that forces in Moscow are hell-bent on creating even more chaos and turmoil in the Middle East. Rapp must go deep into Russian territory, posing as an American ISIS recruit, to stop a plan much more dangerous and insidious than he ever expected.
Not a good day to die : the untold story of Operation Anaconda
Unmodern men in the modern world : radical Islam, terrorism, and the war on modernity
