http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17522 fencing
fencing
This handbook is a primer for all students and teachers of Theatrical Combat. Detailed images depict basic hand to hand moves and the parry systems for Cutlass, Broadsword and Quarterstaff, along with notated drills for practicing attack and parry techniques. This book also includes a Sample Theatrical Combat Course Curriculum created by the sword masters of the Academy of Theatrical Combat. The goal of the Academy of Theatrical Combat is to give performers all the tools they need to feel confident in any action situation for stage, film, television, motion capture, or internet production. This includes knowing the basic theatrical combat techniques so well, they become second nature and allow actors to adapt safely and effectively to any and all situations they might face as performers. Stage Combat, Swordfighting
Mastering the art of arms. Volume 2, The medieval longsword
The Swordsman's Companion : a modern training manual for medieval longsword
Fencing : essential skills training
Martini A-Z of Fencing
Actors on guard : a practical guide for the use of the rapier and dagger for stage and screen
The art and science of fencing
The swords of Shakespeare : an illustrated guide to stage combat choreography in the plays of Shakespeare
The noble science : a study and transcription of Sloane Ms. 2530, papers of the Masters of Defence of London, Temp. Henry VIII to 1590
Iaido sword : kamimoto-ha techniques of muso shinden ryu
In 1604, a beautiful bounty hunter named Yuya Shina enlists the help of Mibu Kyoshiro, a traveling medicine seller, in capturing a gang of wanted criminals, which leads to Kyoshiro's exposure as Demon Eye Kyo, a terrible warrior of unspeakable power that was nicknamed "the unconquerable" during the civil war four years earlier / WorldCat.
Swashbuckling : a step-by-step guide to the art of stage combat and theatrical swordplay
Budö : the martial ways of Japan
Investigates the history and philosophy of the traditional form of Japanese sword fighting known as Kendo.
Forza : the samurai sword workout : kick butt and get buff with high-intensity sword fighting moves
Zen and confucius in the art of swordsmanship : the Tengu-geijutsu-son of Chozan Shissai
Medieval combat : a fifteenth-century illustrated manual of swordfighting and close-quarter combact
The martial arts and ways of Japan. Vol. 2, Classical budo
The Duellist's Companion : a training manual for 17th century Italian rapier
The sword and the centuries : or old sword days and old sword ways : being a description of the various swords used in civilized Europe during the last five centuries, and of single combats which have been fought with them
Puss in boots : PlayStation 3
The samurai sword : spirit, strategy, techniques
Secrets of German Medieval swordsmanship : Sigmund Ringeck's commentaries on Johannes Liechtenauer's verse
Mastering the Art of Arms. Volume 2, The Medieval Longsword
Bokken : art of the Japanese sword
Puss in boots : Wii
Kendo : the essential guide to mastering the art
The school of fencing : with a general explanation of the principal attitudes and positions peculiar to the art
Military swords of Japan : 1868-1945
An illustrated introduction to the martial arts
The book of five rings
Kendo : the definitive guide
Curses! : foiled again
Fighting with the German longsword
Mastering the samurai sword : a full-color, step-by-step guide
Japanese sword fighting : secrets of the samurai
Foil fencing : the techniques and tactics of modern foil fencing
Fight directing for the theatre
Kendo : a comprehensive guide to Japanese swordsmanship
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
Cut & thrust : European swords and swordsmanship
Codex Wallerstein : a medieval fighting book from the fifteenth century on the longsword, falchion, dagger, and wrestling
Legends and liars
Budo : the martial ways of Japan
Warlords and wastrels
The art of Japanese swordsmanship : a manual of eishin-ryu iaido
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
The connoisseur's book of Japanese swords
A book of five rings
Fencing : steps to success
Sharps
Fencer's start-up : a beginner's guide to traditional & sport fencing
Techniques and training for staged fighting
Kendo fundamentals : condensed publication. Vol. 2, Personal attack and defense skills, training (KEIKO)
Fencing : the skills of the game
The way of the warrior : the paradox of the martial arts
Puss in boots : Xbox 360, Xbox live, Kinect
The complete guide to fencing
The complete Book of five rings
Comprehensive Asian fighting arts
Mugai ryu : the classical samurai art of drawing the sword
Hétnyelvü sportszótár = Sports dictionary in seven languages. [6], Vívás = Fencing
Iaido : the way of the sword
Puss in boots : Nintendo DS
Training fencing
All about fencing : an introduction to the foil
Katori Shintō-ryū : warrior tradition
Medieval swordsmanship : illustrated methods and techniques
Medieval combat : a fifteenth-century illustrated manual of swordfighting and close-quarter combat
Swords and scoundrels
Academy of theatrical combat : basics level 1 : cutlass, broadsword, hand to hand, quarterstaff
Fight choreography : a practical guide for stage, film and television
Kendo fundamentals : condensed publication. Vol. 1, Kendo equipment, courtesies, basic movements
Sword fighting : a manual for actors & directors
In Saint George's name : an anthology of medieval German fighting arts
Chinese swordsmanship : the yang family taiji jian tradition
Japanese swordsmanship : technique and practice
Fencing : techniques of foil, épée and sabre
Combat sports
By the sword : gladiators, musketeers, samurai, swashbucklers, and olympic champions
Fight direction : for stage and screen
The heart of kendo
Veni, Vadi, vici : a transcription, translation and commentary of Philippo Vadi's De arte gladiatoria dimicandi
The martial arts of Renaissance Europe
This is kendo : the art of Japanese fencing
