http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17576 polyester
polyester
Tufted carpet : textile fibers, dyes, finishes, and processes
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery : mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Functional dendritic polyester compounds : synthesis and characterization of small bifunctional dendrimers and dyes
Handbook of fiber chemistry
Unsaturated polyesters : structure and properties
The influence of fillers on viscoelastic and thermal properties of polyester and vinylester resins
Kinetic investigations of polyesterification in microscale
Nylon : the manmade fashion revolution : a celebration of design from silk to nylon and thinking fibres
Regulation of bisphosphonate bone binding
Thermoreactive polymer composite with high particulate filler content
Synthetic fibres : nylon, polyester, acrylic, polyolefin
Engineering thermoplastics : polycarbonates, polyacetals, polyesters, cellulose esters
Microbial polyesters
Synthesis and characterization of lactic acid based poly(ester-urethanes)
Handbook of textile fibres : 2. man made fibres
Novel materials for controlled peptide delivery: mesoporous silicon and photocrosslinked poly(ester anhydride)s
Plastics for jewelry
Ab initio and dft derived potential energy functions in simulations of selected polyesters based on atomistic models
Bioabsorbable poly-L/D-lactide 96/4 (PLDLA) implant in hand and forefoot joint in chronic inflammatory arthritis
Futuro no. 001 : documentation and evaluation of preservation needs
Ab initio and DFT derived potential energy functions in simulations of selected polyesters based on atomistic models
Synthesis and characterization of novel side-chain liquid-crystalline polyesters
Branched and crosslinked resorbable polymers based on lactic acid, lactide and [epsilon]-caprolactone
Modified poly(ε-caprolactone) and poly(lactic acid) polymers for controlled and targeted drug delivery
Abstract: Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need. The purpose of this study was to document and evaluate the need for preservation of the plastic house called Futuro. For this purpose, a survey of condition was done, illustrated with damage mapping. The damage mapping helps to localize the damages and perceive the extent of the deterioration. Finally, a preliminary guideline for future possible conservation measures was drafted.  The documentation was carried out in writing and with photographs. Panoramic pictures of every room were digitally stitched together to enable the 360° rotational view. The condition survey was done in writing and drawing, observing the house visually. The evaluation of the preservation need was done considering Futuro's history, image, rareness and attractiveness.  The documentation of Futuro house no. 001 design, technology, materials and damages is now compiled in one study. Its damages have been noted down and and analysed. The house was estimated to be in surprisingly good condition. It has not been in constant use nor in regular maintenance. Preliminary recommendations for future possible conservation acts were given.  The Futuro house was considered to have architectural and cultural value and its preservation should be safeguarded for the future generations. There are only three other Futuros known to exist in Finland. The fact that Futuro no. 001 is the first Futuro ever made after manufacturing the prototype in the 1968 makes it even more valuable. It has also remained in its very authentic state.
Assessment of skin scars in clinical practice and scientific studies : introducing spectrocutometry, a new objective method
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
Polyesters and polyamides
Bioabsorbable self-reinforced poly-L-lactide screws for the fixation of femoral neck osteotomies in sheep and for clinical proximal femoral fractures
Isolation, characterization and osteogenic differentiation of dental stem cells in vitro for bone tissue engineering
Poly(ester-anhydrides) based on polylactone precursors
Synthetic modification and characterisation of unsaturated polyesters
Tiivistelmä: Marketing plan for ENVIROLITE©.
Polyester : the indestructible fashion
