http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17552 military cooperation
military cooperation
The Lombard League, 1164-1225
"Twenty-five years after the end of the Cold War, Euro-Atlantic security is under pressure. Faced with major geopolitical shifts, instability at its frontiers and financial crisis at home, the European nations and their American Allies will have to rethink how to design common security. Failure to animate the European Union (EU) and to reinvigorate the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) as efficient tools for peace and security might lead the West back to the spectre of divided security, to fragmentation and renationalisation. This book addresses the main challenges to Western security from the perspective of two European Allies: Germany and Norway"--Provided by publisher.
(Why on Earth) should small states do expeditionary operations?
Swedish forces to aid Norway? : the Nordic security question, 1948-49
Changing the history of Africa : Angola and Namibia
Military forces in 21st century peace operations : no job for a soldier?
The two o'clock war : the 1973 Yom Kippur conflict and the airlift that saved Israel
Arabia incognita : dispatches from Yemen and the Gulf
Finland's war of choice : the troubled German-Finnish coalition in WWII
Mitotic recombination in mammalian cells
Nordic partners of NATO : how similar are Finland and Sweden within NATO cooperation?
Security-political prospects in Northern Europe at the beginning of the millennium
Baltic states and NATO : looking beyond the Article V
Friends in need : towards a Swedish strategy of solidarity with her neighbours
Theories at a loss? : EU-NATO fusion and the "low-politicisation" of security and defence in European integration
The handbook of the law of visiting forces
From pooling & sharing to permanent structured cooperation
Russia-EU security cooperation
Military cooperation and its prospects in the Baltic Sea region
The many faces of military crisis management : lessons from the field
The Atlantic Community : an introductory bibliography : prepared by the Conference on Atlantic Community, Bruges. Vol. 1
"Fifteen years have passed since China and Russia formed a 'strategic cooperative partnership' in 1996, and 2011 marks the 10th anniversary of their 2001 Treaty of Good-Neighbourliness and Friendly Cooperation. Considering the significant changes that have taken place in China and Russia over this period, it is well worth assessing the meaning of the China-Russia 'strategic partnership' and their declared 'good-neighbourly' relations. The 'strategic partnership' falls short of the aspirational official rhetoric of both sides. There are three common threads in the views of Chinese policymakers and analysts regarding the China-Russia partnership: pragmatism, lack of political trust and the US factor. While some of the grander expectations of China-Russia relations are unlikely to develop, the two countries will nevertheless avoid antagonizing one another and will find common interests in a stable relationship. The relationship may encounter tension over specific issues, but it is relatively resistant to long-term damage because of the pragmatism of both parties and the willingness to discuss differences behind closed doors. China and Russia will continue to be pragmatic partners of convenience, but not partners based on deeper shared world views and strategic interests. In the coming years, while relations will remain close at the diplomatic level, the two cornerstones of the partnership over the past two decades -- military and energy cooperation -- will continue to crumble. As a result, Russia's significance to China will continue to diminish." --Provided by publisher.
Red stars. Vol. 2, German aircraft in USSR
Soviet military policy : a historical analysis
Europeanization of security and defence policy : a conference held at the Swedish National Defence College, December 5, 2001.
Britain's policy for West German rearmament 1950-1955
Finland in the EU
Syria and Iran : diplomatic alliance and power politics in the Middle East
Finnish software radio programme
The transformation of Europe's armed forces : from the Rhine to Afghanistan
Partnership in crisis : the US, Europe and the fall and rise of NATO
The rise of European security cooperation
NATO : towards a new strategic concept 2010
Finnish and Swedish security : comparing national policies
Embed : with the world's armies in Afghanistan
Development of rapid-reaction forces
The military challenges of transatlantic coalitions
Just good friends : Nordic social democracy and security policy 1945-50
Russian political language and public opinion on the West, NATO and Chechnya : securisation theory reconsidered
EU battlegroups : theory and development in the light of Finnish-Swedish co-operation
The mutual assistance and solidarity clauses : legal and political challenges of an integrated EU security system
The Finnish perspective : European defence - a way forward for EU and Nato defence cooperation
Uncertain trust : the British-Norwegian defence relationship
NATO : the first five years : 1949-1954
The Armed Forces of the Soviet Union
Reconstructing Finnish Defence in the post-cold war era
Open Skies : technical, organizational, operational, legal and political aspects
Common or divided security? : German and Norwegian perspectives on Euro-Atlantic security
The future of multilateral security co-operation in the new security environment
Developing future crisis management : an ethnographic journey into the community and practice of multinational experimentation
Approaching comprehensiveness : two grand strategic options and some of their consequences
Together we stand : America, Britain and the forging of an alliance
Challenges for co-operation in achieving maritime situation awareness (MSA) from the operator's perspective : lessons learned from MNE5 MSA experimentations
Security sector reform : issues, challenges and prospects
The transformation of Russian military doctrine : lessons learned from Kosovo and Chechnya
NATO - towards a new strategic concept 2010
The Nato handbook : 50th Anniversary edition
Alignment despite antagonism : the United States-Korea-Japan security triangle
The alliance between Syria and Iran has been an enduring feature on the political landscape of the Middle East. Since its inception after the Iranian Revolution, it has had a significant impact in terms of moulding events and bringing changes in the region. This study argues that the alliance between the two states has been defensive in nature.
Mannerheim without the mask 1940-1944
Eisenhower's armies : the American-British alliance during World War II
The Atlantic Alliance : a bibliography
Going global or going nowhere? : NATO's role in contemporary international security
Hitler's forgotten ally : Ion Antonescu and his regime, Romania 1940-44
Texts of statements and communiqués issued during 1998.
Reshaping defence diplomacy : new roles for military cooperation and assistance
Nato and Europe
Why NATO endures
Transforming America's military
Civilian-military cooperation in crisis management operations
Mission abroad : military experience from international operations
Enhancing Indo-US strategic cooperation
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization : the enduring alliance
Why Milosevic decided to settle when he did : the conflict over Kosovo
European security policy and strategic culture
Approaches to European security in the 1990s
Reassessing security cooperation in the Asia-Pacific : competition, congruence, and transformation
Motives for overseas missions : the good, the bad and the ugly
European security and defence policy : a European challenge
Background information on the use of U.S. Armed Forces in foreign countries
Turning point 1975 : US policy and northern flank security
China's energy and security relations with Russia : hopes, frustrations, and uncertainties
Red stars. Vol. 4, Lend-lease aircraft in Russia
NATO in Afghanistan : fighting together, fighting alone
Seminar publication on Comprehensive approach : trends, challenges and possibilities for cooperation in crisis prevention and management : based on Comprehensive Approach Seminar 17 June 2008 Helsinki / edited by Kristiina Rintakoski & Mikko Autti
Understanding transatlantic relations : whither the West?
The social battlespace of stabilization operations : action amongst the people
EU civilian crisis management : the record so far
African Standby Forces : a field report
Sweden and Finland : security perceptions and defence policy
NATO and the range of American choice
The Bush administration (1989-1993) and the development of a European security identity
The future of NATO : regional defense and global security
Red stars. Vol. 5, Baltic Fleet Air Force in Winter War = Itämeren laivaston ilmavoimat talvisodassa
The counterterror coalitions : cooperation with Europe, NATO, and the European Union
Reconstructing Finnish defence in the post-cold war era
European Union and strategy : an emerging actor
The social battlespace of stabilization operations - action amongst the people
The future of NATO : 140th Bergedorf Round Table, June 13-15, 2008, Berlin
