http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17560 nuclear energy
nuclear energy
Nuclear energy encyclopedia : science, technology, and applications
Management of depleted uranium : a joint report
Executive summary and recommendations (s. 9-20).
Executive summary (s. 9).
Nuclear energy in Finland
Nuclear energy and nuclear weapon proliferation
Economics of atomic energy
Alternative energy for dummies
The white-collar challenge to nuclear safeguards
Résumé: Nuclear power - the Korean way
The nuclear age
An appraisal of UK energy research, development, demonstration & dissemination
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2005
Nuclear research reactors : status and trends
Nuclear power, externalities and non-standard Pigouvian taxes : a dynamic analysis under uncertainty
Nuclear energy and the public
Summary (s. 1-15).
The independent nuclear state : the United States, Britain, and the military atom
Atomic shield, 1947/1952
Nuclear war, nuclear proliferation and their consequences : proceedings of the Vth international colloquium organized by the Groupe de Bellerive, Geneva 27-29 June 1985
Atoms to kilowatts
States and anti-nuclear movements
Nuclear power : is it too risky?
The doomsday machine : the high price of nuclear energy, the world's most dangerous fuel
Conclusions (s. 6-7).
The hazards arising out of the peaceful use of nuclear energy : selective bibliography = Les risques resultant de l'utilisation pacifique de l'energie nucleaire
Nuclear power economics and technology : an overview
Radiation Protection on the Threshold of the 21st Century : proceedings of an NEA workshop, Paris, 11-13 January 1993 = La radioprotection au seuil du XXIe siècle : compte rendu d'une reunion de travail de l'AEN
Report on the atom : what you should know about atom energy
Safety research needs for Russian-designed reactors
Model integration and the economics of nuclear power : a study in applied general equilibrium analysis
Physics
Military technology, armaments dynamics and disarmament : ABC weapons, military use of nuclear energy and of outer space and implications for international law
Convention on Early Notification of a Nuclear Accident and Convention on Assistance in the Case of a Nuclear Accident or Radiological Emergency
Nuclear power and energy policy : the limits to governance
The churches and the nuclear debate : a new priesthood?
Corrosion and alteration of nuclear materials
Continuous surveillance of reactor coolant circuit integrity : proceedings of a CSNI specialist meeting, London, 12-14 Aug. 1985 = Surveillance en continu de l'intégrité du circuit de refroidissement des réacteurs
Executive summary (s. 11-14).
Summary (s. 9-15).
A trilogy of mass A = 61 : superdeformed structures, exotic decay, and isospin symmetry
Negotiating supranational rules : the genesis of the International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards system
Evaluation of the Finnish nuclear safety research programme "SAFIR2014"
Nuclear energy : the accurancy of policy makers' perceptions of public beliefs
Third party liability
Will the atom unite the world? : economic, social and political aspects of the atomic age
Chain reaction : expert debate and public participation in American commercial nuclear power, 1945-1975
Technical co-operation for progress
Nuclear energy today
Nuclear energy
The A-to-Z reference resource for nuclear energy information A significant milestone in the history of nuclear technology, Nuclear Energy Encyclopedia: Science, Technology, and Applications is a comprehensive and authoritative reference guide written by a committee of the world's leading energy experts. The encyclopedia is packed with cutting-edge information about where nuclear energy science and technology came from, where they are today, and what the future may hold for this vital technology. Filled with figures, graphs, diagrams, formulas, and photographs, which accompany the short, easily
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2003
Insurmountable risks : the dangers of using nuclear power to combat global climate change
Nuclear legislation in Central and Eastern Europe and the NIS : 2003 overview
Milestones in the development of a national infrastructure for nuclear power
Teachers and nuclear energy = Les enseignants et l'énergie nucléaire : Oxford seminar (United Kingdom) 28-30 June 1993.
Executive summary (s. 7-11).
Science, technology and the military. Vol. 2.
Snake dance : journeys beneath a nuclear sky
The impact of nuclear power discontinuation in Sweden : a general equilibrium analysis
Alternative energy : an introduction to alternative & renewable energy sources
Future human actions at disposal sites : a report of the NEA Working Group on Assessment of Future Human Actions at Radioactive Waste Disposal Sites
Projected costs of generating electricity : 2005 update
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2004
Energy : the basics
Better active than radioactive! : anti-nuclear protest in 1970s France and West Germany
The implementation of short-term countermeasures after a nuclear accident (stable iodine, sheltering and evacuation) : proceedings of an NEA Workshop ..., Stockholm, Sweden, 1-3 June 1994.
Executive summary (s. 9-16).
For the good of society : public participation in the siting of nuclear and hydro power projects in Finland
Debris impact on emergency coolant recirculation : workshop proceedings, Albuquerque, NM, United States, 25-27 February 2004.
The church and the atom : a study of the moral and theological aspects of peace and war : being the report of a commission appointed by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York at the request of the Church Assembly to consider the Report of the British Council of Churches' commission entitled "The era of atomic power", and to report
Reduction of capital costs of nuclear power plants
Safeguards in Europe
Proceedings of the NEA Workshop on System Performance Assessments for Radioactive Waste Disposal : Paris 22nd-24th October 1985 = Compte rendu de la réunion de travail de l'AEN sur l'évaluation des performances des systèmes d'évacuation des déchtes radioactifs
Anti-nuclear movements : a world survey of opposition to nuclear energy
Lithium-6
Executive summary (s. 7-10).
Rationality and ritual : the Windscale Inquiry and nuclear decisions in Britain
The International Chernobyl Project : Proceedings of an International Conference held in Vienna, 21-24 May 1991 for presentation and discussion of the Technical Report
Contemporary security and strategy
Executive summary (s. 9-10).
Nuclear technology debates : proceedings from the 4S/EASST Conference in Göteborg
Proceedings of an NEA Symposium on Reducing the Frequency of Nuclear Reactor Scrams, Tokyo 14-18 April, 1986 = Compte rendu d'un symposium de l'AEN sur de la fréquence des arrêts d'urgence des réacteurs nucléaires
The economics of the nuclear fuel cycle
Nuclear power plant life management and longer-term operation
Iran and post-9/11 world order : reflections on Iranian nuclear programme
Safety analysis of disposal of spent nuclear fuel
The siting of major energy facilities
Updating international nuclear law : papers derived from the Conference on the Human Right to a Sae and healthful Environment and the responsibilities Under International law of Operators of Nuclear Facilities, held in Salzburg, Austria, October 20-23, 2005
Steam : its generation and use
Abstract: Knowledge readiness of first responders in Finnish nuclear power plants.
Utilisation and reliability of high power proton accelerators (HPPA5) : workshop proceedings, Mol, Belgium, 6-9 May 2007.
Sustainable development : case: energy production in Namibia
Physics for engineers and scientists
'Energiemix' versus 'Energiewende' : competing conceptualisations of nuclear energy policy in the German parliamentary debates of 1991-2001
Gandhi in the West : The Mahatma and the rise of radical protest
Storage with surveillance versus immediate decommissioning for nuclear reactors : proceedings of an NEA workshop, Paris, 22-24 October 1984 = Stockage sous surveillance ou déclassement immédiat des réacteurs nucléaires : compte rendu d'une réunion de travail de l'AEN
Summary (s. 7-10).
Reprocessing of spent nuclear fuels in OECD countries : a report
Proceedings of the seminar on thermal performance of high burn-up LWR fuel, 3-6 March 1998
Advances in applied social psychology. Vol. 2
Licensing and regulatory control of nuclear installations : a selection of papers presented at the Regional Seminar in Nuclear Law for Latin American Countries, Rio de Janeiro, 25-29 June 1973, and the Study Group Meeting on Regulations and Procedures for Licensing Nuclear Installations, Athens, 16-20 December 1974.
Atomic energy applications with reference to underdeveloped countries : a preliminary survey
Handbook on nuclear law
Executive summary (s. 9-14).
Critical flow modelling in nuclear safety : a state-of-the-art report
Regulatory control of nuclear safety in Finland : annual report 2002
Decommissioning of nuclear facilities : feasibility, needs and costs
Eureka! : physics of particles, matter and the universe
Summary (s. 395-416).
Sustainable nuclear power
Executive summary (s. 9-12).
The safety of the nuclear fuel cycle
The law and practices of the International Atomic Energy Agency
The worst accident in the world : Chernobyl : the end of the nuclear dream
Environmental remediation of uranium production facilities : a joint report
Towards improvement in quality assurance : report
Nuclear law for a developing world : lectures given at the Training Course on the Legal Aspects of Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy, held by the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, 16-26 April 1968.
Advanced reactors with innovative fuels : Second Workshop Proceedings, Chester, United Kingdom, 22-24 October 2001 : hosted by British Nuclear Fuels Limited (BNFL)
Environmentalists for nuclear energy
Infrastructure for nuclear energy deployment : proceedings of an NEA Workshop, Paris, France, 10-11 June 1996.
Selected safety aspects of WWER-440 model 213 nuclear power plants : final report of the IAEA Project on Evaluation of Safety Aspects for WWER-440 Model 213 Nuclear Power Plants : reference plant, Bohunice NPP V2 (Slovakia)
Overview of nuclear legislation in Central and Eastern Europe and the NIS
Energy resources, utilization and technologies
Decommissioning of nuclear facilities : an analysis of the variability of decommissioning cost estimates
Fundamentals of physics
Nuclear legislation : analytical study : nuclear third party liability 1976.
Kicking the carbon habit : global warming and the case for renewable and nuclear energy
Energy policies of IEA countries : Germany 1998 review
Stalin and the bomb : the Soviet Union and atomic energy, 1939-1956
Nuclear Tycoon : designing simulation rethoric for a persuasive game
Procedures for conducting probabilistic safety assessments of nuclear power plants (level 2) : accident progression, containment analysis and estimation of accident source terms
FINNUS : the Finnish research programme on nuclear power plant safety 1999 - 2002 : executive summary
Nuclear power : a very short introduction
Future financial liabilities of nuclear activities
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
The New world 1939/1946. Vol. 1, A history of the Unitated States Atomic Energy Commission
Dissenting visions : the executive, parliament and the problematic Anglo-American Atomic Collaboration in the changes of British atomic foreign policy 1945-6
The nuclear power decisions : British policies, 1953-78
Nuclear energy : promise or peril?
Permissible dose : a history of radiation protection in the twentieth century
Executive summary (s. 9-11).
The non-violent protests of civil rights activists and anti-nuclear campaigners during the 1960s helped to redefine Western politics. But where did they come from? Sean Scalmer uncovers their history in an earlier generation's intense struggles to understand and emulate the activities of Mahatma Gandhi. He shows how Gandhi's non-violent protests were the subject of widespread discussion and debate in the USA and UK for several decades. Though at first misrepresented by Western newspapers, they were patiently described and clarified by a devoted group of cosmopolitan advocates. Small groups of Westerners experimented with Gandhian techniques in virtual anonymity and then, on the cusp of the 1960s, brought these methods to a wider audience. The swelling protests of later years increasingly abandoned the spirit of non-violence, and the central significance of Gandhi and his supporters has therefore been forgotten. This book recovers this tradition, charts its transformation, and ponders its abiding significance.
The greatest power on earth : the story of nuclear fission
Risk communication and risk perception : the case of nuclear power public debate in Lithuania
Proceedings of the Workshop on Core Monitoring for Commercial Reactors : improvements in systems and methods : Stockholm, Sweden, 4-5 October 1999
Proceedings of the Sixth Meeting of the Task Force on Shielding Aspects of Accelerators, Targets and Irradiation Facilities : Stanford Linear Acceleration Center (SLAC), Menlo Park, CA, USA, 10-12 April 2002
Choosing the nuclear power option : factors to be considered
Regulations for the safe transport of radioactive material
Russko-anglijskij âdernyj slovar' = Russian-english nuclear dictionary
A good year for nuclear power in Finland
Nuclear energy : global trends and perspectives in South-East Europe. Regional conference, 10-12 May, 2011, Podgorica, Montenegro
The rise of nuclear fear
Structural Materials for Innovative Nuclear Systems (SMINS) : workshop proceedings, Karlsruhe, Germany, 4-6 June 2007.
The neutron-induced fission cross section of 233Pa and the quest for clean and safe nuclear energy
Canada's nuclear story
Nuclear energy research strategy
The 22nd Symposium on Fusion Technology, Helsinki, Finland, 9th - 13th September 2002 : book of abstracts
Beyond engineering : how society shapes technology
Nukespeak : nuclear language, visions, and mindset
Energy : present knowledge, future trends
Executive summary (s. 8-17).
Nuclear power
Future nuclear regulatory challenges : a report
The utilization of nuclear energy and international law
Protest and opportunities : the political outcomes of social movements
Fukushima : impacts and implications
Information policies of nuclear regulatory organisations = Les politiques d'information des organismes de réglementation nucléaire
Enlarged Nordic cooperative program on nuclear safety : NKA/KRU project on operator training, control room design and human reliability : publications list
Essentials of Energy Technology : Sources, Transport, Storage and Conservation
Research activities of STUK 2005-2010
Atoms and the law
Basic Studies in the Field of High-temperature Engineering : second Information Exchange Meeting, Paris, France, 10-12 October 2001
The price of nuclear power : uranium communities and environmental justice
Environmental consequences of the Chernobyl accident and their remediation : twenty years of experience
On the brink : nuclear proliferation and the Third World
Economic aspects of atomic power : an exploratory study
Global politics of nuclear energy
International nuclear trade and nonproliferation : the challenge of the emerging suppliers
Post-Fukushima attitudes toward nuclear power in Japan
Polarisation and consensus : public acceptance of new technologies in the Federal Republic of Germany
Study on system design and key technologies of case closure welding for ITER correction coil
Contributed articles presented in a one-day seminar in February 2008.
Decommissioning nuclear power plants : policies, strategies and costs
Executive summary (s. 7).
Air cleaning in accident situations : report to CSNI
Basic studies in the field of high-temperature engineering : third Information Exchange Meeting, Ibaraki-ken, Japan, 11-12 September 2003
Proceedings of the Specialists' Meeting on Shielding Aspects of Accelerators, Targets and Irradation Facilities : Arlington, Texas (USA), 28-29 April 1994
The atom besieged : antinuclear movements in France and Germany
Effects of the possible use of nuclear weapons and the security and economic implications for states of the acquisition and further development of these weapons : report of the Secretary-General transmitting the study of his consultative group
Renewable and alternative energy resources : a reference handbook
Assuring Nuclear Safety Competence into the 21st Century : Hungarian Atomic Energy Authority, Nuclear Safety Directorate, Budapest, Hungary, 12-14 October 1999.
Summary (s. 4).
Energy Policies of IEA Countries : Finland 2013 review
Specification of a VVER-1000 SFAT device prototype : interim report on Task FIN A 1073 of the Finnish support programme to IAEA safeguards
All shades of green : the environmentalization of Finnish society
The nuclear barons
Thermal-Hydraulic Studies on the Safety of VVER-440 Type Nuclear Power Plants
Dissolution of unirradiated UO2 and UO2 doped with 233U in 0.01 M NaCI under anoxic and reducing conditions
Three Mile Island reactor pressure vessel investigation project : achievements and significant results : proceedings of an open forum sponsored by the OECD Nuclear Energy Agency and the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Boston (USA), 20-22 October 1993.
Remote observation of radioactive permit-required confined spaces : case: Posiva oy's fuel handling cell
Dry storage of spent fuel elements : proceedings of an NEA Specialist Workshop, Madrid, 11-13 May 1982 = Stockage a sec des elements combustibles irradies : compte rendu d'une réunion de spécialistes de l'AEN
Implementing severe accident management in nuclear power plants
Risk and society : the interaction of science, technology and public policy
Review of nuclear fuel experimental data : fuel behaviour data available from IFE-OCDE Halden project for development and validation of computer codes
The nuclear power debate : moral, economic, technical, and political issues
Summary (s. 7-8).
Methods of projecting operations and maintenance costs for nuclear power plants
Quality assurance for safety in nuclear power plants and other nuclear installations : code and safety guides Q1-Q14
Getting to know about energy : in school and society
Emergency preparedness exercises for nuclear facilities : preparation, conduct and evaluation
Nuclear legislation: analytical study : regulatory and institutional framework for nuclear activities
Molecular dynamics simulations of primary radiation damage from collision cascades
Uranium wars : the scientific rivalry that created the nuclear age
Well-oiled diplomacy : strategic manipulation and Russia's energy statecraft in Eurasia
Nuclear reactor accident : source terms : report
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
No immediate danger : prognosis for a radioactive earth
Olkiluodon vierailukeskuksen näyttely = Visitors centre at Olkiluoto
Higher-order energy density functionals in nuclear self-consistent theory
