http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17586 savings
savings
Sustainable design : the science of sustainability and green engineering
Hey, everything's working
Implementation of quality cost management tool in dyadic purchaser-provider relationship context
Austerity : the history of a dangerous idea
Energy conservation in urban planning : Soviet-Finnish Symposium, Moscow, 14-15 March 1989
In a global economy, no nation is self-sufficient. Few nations would be able to maintain their current or even adequate standard of living without international trade. The growing world trade has had a drastic effect on road transportation.  Road transportation has been growing steadily every year and along with it production costs have increased. Therefore demand for alternative transportation methods has risen. This bachelor  ́s thesis researches intermodal transportation as a cost-effective alternative for road transportation. Intermodal transportation is seen as a growing field in the land transportation industry. Traditionally, intermodal transportation has been seen as a complex and slow alternative. To challenge this argument, the study also focuses on the production capabilities of intermodal transportation. In the industry lowered production costs have always been the key factor, however environmentally sound transportation methods are becoming a trend and intermodal transportation is seen as the solution. The focus of this thesis is on a specific intermodal trade lane of Schenker AG, one of the leading logistics companies in the world. Schenker already has road transportation business in the trade lane running from Central Europe to Northern Spain, thus the current road volumes in the trade lane are known. This research presents how much the gross profit margin would increase in the trade lane  and what kind of savings would be made with the use of intermodal transportation. Results show that intermodal transportation is a viable alternative for pure road transportation. It is not only a more cost-effective way of producing, but also allegations of slow production times are denied.
Energy efficiency manual : for everyone who uses energy, pays for utilities, controls energy usage, desings and builds, is interested in energy and environmental preservation
Measuring the stock of consumer durables and its implications for euro area savings rations
This study was a part of a project investigating energy efficiency in tissue   manufacturing. The project is being executed by Karlstad University Department of Chemical Engineering in collaboration with Metsä Tissue, Metso Paper and Södra.   Enzymatic treatment is a possible fibre treatment, which could reduce the energy   needed in refining, as well as provide fibres with suitable properties for the final product while reducing the energy needed for drying.     The objective of this bachelor's thesis was to research if enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp fibres has any effect on the beatability and water retention   value. These properties can be correlated to energy consumption in the manufacturing process. The purpose of this bachelor's thesis was to find a suitable enzyme for this   research, plan an appropriate experimental arrangement and carry out the laboratory experiments. The experimental laboratory work included researching the effects of   enzyme concentration and moderate refining on water retention value of the fibres. This bachelor's thesis includes both qualitative and quantitative features.     The research was carried out at Karlstad University, Sweden. The preparation of pulp samples included enzyme treatment with the chosen endoglucanase and PFI mill   treatment. The samples were investigated by measuring the water retention value (WRV) using the standardized method. The results suggest that enzymatic treatment has a positive effect on refining and the water retention value. These are promising results for the energy economy. Choosing the enzyme was a part of this study and this selection process is described in the thesis as well. The trade name of the enzyme used in the   research is confidential.     This preliminary study encourages further research. That could be run for example with a few different enzymes, using different enzyme dosages and retention times and   different pulps that are used in tissue manufacturing. It would be beneficial to find the most efficient and inexpensive way to treat fibres with enzymes. It is also   important to investigate the physical fibre properties after enzymatic treatment. The results of this study were so encouraging that it would be interesting to scale them up to pilot mill trials.
Raina : energy-efficient paper production : interim report 1988-1990
IEA5 solar house
Dependable cognitive wireless networking : modelling and design
Low-energy residential housing
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : interim report 1988-1990
Kuitu : energy-efficient mechanical pulping : interim report 1988-1990
Integration of emissions reduction in Finnish ESCO-activity
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Positive persuasion : designing enjoyable energy feedback experiences in the home
Managing energy efficiency
Learning from experiences with energy conservation in the pulp and paper industry
Market research on Led Products in Finland : Case: Z-Sen Automatic Electric Co. Ltd.
A year of efficient energy saving : programme on energy conservation adds momentum to saving
Investment and Savings Policies from the Perspective of Estate Planning
The Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) : a viable standard that provides cost savings?
Biotechnical methods for improvement of energy economy in mechanical pulping
Analysis of procurement processes and volumes
Proceedings
Charlotte's piggy bank
The mystery of banking
The implication of employee stock opinion and holding gains for disposable income and household saving rates in Finland
Energy optimization in public buildings of Finland
Helping finnish companies in the fields of energy efficiency and renewable energy enter  the russian market : a market research project conducted for the Finnish-Russian Chamber of Commerce
Endometrial thermal ablation:a choice for treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding
Learning from experiences with energy savings in schools
Contemporary capitalism and its crises : social structure of accumulation theory for the 21st century
Energy saving potential using high efficiency motor technology
Post-acceptance and follow-up energy audits for buildings : final report
Energy management in the built environment : a review of best practice
Towards more efficient paper manufacturing
ESCO companies in northwest Russia, legal issues and organizational schemes
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
A user guide on process integration for the efficient use of energy
KUITU : energy-efficient mechanical pulping : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Effects of pulpstone grits in wood grinding
Solar power your home for dummies
Use of segmentation in household energy conservation campaigns
Fuel switching, energy saving and carbon trading : three ways to control carbon dioxide emissions in the Finnish forest industry
Rotor pilot project on M/S Estraden of Bore fleet
Low-energy residential housing. Part 3
Cutting energy costs
Pillaged! How they are looting £413 million a day from your savings and pensions ... and what do do about it
Sustainable paper : energy in paper and board production : master plan for an energy technology research programme 1993-1998
Energy savings in agricultural machinery and mechanization
Sophisticated discipline in a nascent deposit market : evidence from post-communist Russia
Cost saving possibilities in digital marketing : case: Simple Nokia Asset Creator
The first year of generic substitution
Contentment of SEPA-introduction of Corporate Customers of Säästöpankki
Energy resources : our impact on the planet
Sustainable paper : energy in paper and board production research programme 1993-1998 : final report
Enzymatic Treatment of Chemi-Thermomechanical Pulp
Low-energy residential housing. Part 2
Green lighting : how energy-efficient lighting can save you money and reduce your carbon footprint
Enzymatic treatment of chemi-thermomechanical pulp
Council of State programme on energy conservation : September 1992.
Liberty, retrenchment and reform : popular liberalism in the age of Gladstone, 1860-1880
Future buildings innovative low-energy concepts, Espoo, Finland, 1-3 September, 1992
Opportunities for cost reductions by the use of intermodal transports : intermodal production as an alternative for pure road production
Cooling our communities : a guidebook on tree planting and light-coloured surfacing
Lighting controls handbook
Raina : energy-efficient paper production : final report on the energy research programme 1988-1992
Smart grid : linking sustainable electricity provision and consumption
Practical green remodeling : down-to-earth solutions for everyday homes
Energy management in buildings
Sustainability in energy and buildings : results of the Third International Conference on Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB '12)
Energy saving of central air-conditioning and control system : Case study: Nanchang Hongkelong Supermarket
Energy efficient buildings with solar and geothermal resources
The integration of local and global procurement departments: case: Düren
Solar assisted grain drying in Nicaragua : a minor field study
Operations internationalization : review and model proposal
Energy, sustainability and the environment : technology, incentives, behavior
Energy demand analysis : report from the French - Swedish energy conference, Stockholm, 30 June - 2 July, 1982
The body economic : eight experiments in economic recovery, from Iceland to Greece
Challenges of purchasing centralization : empirical evidence from public procurement
Energy efficiency and recovery in pulp and paper making
Reduction of Energy Consumption by Means of an Efficient Building Envelope in the Mexican Caribbean
Energy saving projects connected to the build environment in Baltic countries : seminar report
Learning from experiences with industrial ventilation
Tiivistelmä: Operations internationalization : review and model proposal.
