http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p175 spiritual guidance
spiritual guidance
The lay folks' cathechism, or the English and Latin version of Archibishop Thoresby's instruction for the people ; together with a Wycliffe adaptation of the same, and coresponding canons of the Council of Lambeth
The Seer
Clinical handbook of pastoral counseling. Volume 1
Encounter in pastoral care and spiritual healing : towards an integrative and intercultural approach
Inner way : toward a rebirth of Eastern Christian spiritual direction
Late Medieval Mysticism
The book of pastoral rule
Spiritual direction in context
Spirituality and mental health : clinical applications
Soul mending : the art of spiritual direction
Clinical handbook of pastoral counseling. Volume 2
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
Spiritual elders : charisma and tradition in Russian Orthodoxy
The living reminder : service and prayer in memory of Jesus Christ
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
Introducing spiritual direction
Transforming the rough places : the ministry of supervision
Landmarks : an Ignatian journey
Our thoughts determine our lives : the life and teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica
The monk who sold his Ferrari : a spiritual fable about fulfilling your dreams and reaching your destiny
Spirituality and healing are controversial issues in counselling and psychotherapy. This cutting edge text discusses the philosophical, practical and ethical issues involved in counselling and explores major critiques of work on spirituality and healing.
Wholeness in hope care : on nurtering the beauty of the human soul in spiritual healing
Nurturing child and adolescent spirituality : perspectives from the world's religious traditions
Spiritual fatherhood : Evagrius Ponticus on the role of the spiritual father
Approaches to spiritual direction
A practical book that helps readers discover and deepen their own spiritual journeys. It is illustrated with line drawings and diagrams, and contains exercises and suggestions for prayer and reflection. -- Review: 'I know of no publishing house which has ever offered to reimburse a buyer who remains dissatisfied after reading one of its books. I think Darton, Longman and Todd could safely make the first such offer with Landmarks. I delighted in following Margaret Silf's journey of exploration today ... lucidly written, down to earth, free of jargon, full of hope and encouragement.' -- Gerard W. Hughes 'Margaret Silf is one of the most talented spiritual writers, and her Landmarks will become a classic.' -- Margaret Hebblethwaite
Theological context for pastoral caregiving : word in deed
Exploring therapy, spirituality, and healing
A woman's way : the forgotten history of women spiritual directors
Throughout his life, the apartheid activist, Nelson Mandela (Madiba), maintained, 'In the darkest moment there is always hope. We must never give up'. Hope as a mode of the courage to be (Paul Tillich), points to what the Sociologist Peter Berger calls: signals of transcendence. Wholeness in Hope Care explores the rich tradition of hope in wisdom, philosophy and Christian theology. It connects non-hope/un-hope (Gabriel Marcel: inespoir) to a theology of compassion in soul care (cura animarum). Resurrection hope (theologia resurrectionis) points to the healing of life (cura vitae) and the preservation of land (cura terrae). In order to describe the helping and healing dimension in pastoral caregiving, the term 'promissiotherapy' has been coined.
Father Seraphim Rose : his life and works
Just friends? : Richard Rolle and the possibility of Christian friendship between men and women
Spirituality, values, and  mental health : jewels for the journey
Pastoral supervision : a handbook
Bearers of the spirit : spiritual fatherhood in Romanian Orthodoxy
Ethics and spiritual care : a guide for pastors, chaplains, and spiritual directors
