http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17515 literary sources
literary sources
Monumenta Bulgarica : a bilingual anthology of Bulgarian texts from the 9th to the 19th centuries
Presidents of the United States : an introductory bibliography to their writings
Spain under the Bourbons, 1700-1833 : A collection of documents
Textual sources for the study of Hinduism
Reinterpreting Russian history : readings, 860-1860's
Ancrene riwle : introduction and part 1
Venice and Thessalonica 1423-1430 : the Greek accounts
The writings of the Roman land surveyors
American ideas : source readings in the intellectual history of the United States. Vol. 2, Dilemmas of maturity (1865-1962)
Upward and outward : fairy tales and popular, print, and proletarian culture,  1550 -1850
Readings in Late Antiquity : a sourcebook
A neo-Assyrian royal funerary text
American ideas : source readings in the intellectual history of the United States. 5. 1, Foundations (1629-1865)
Ring the Janitor : the recognition of American and British English writing
Finnish summary.
Mani, the Angel and the Column of Glory : an anthology of Manichaean texts
Records of the Colonial Office, Dominions Office, Commonwealth Relations Office and Commonwealth Office
The warden's punishment book of All Souls College, Oxford : 1601-1850
The Buddhist experience : sources and interpretations
Roman social history : a sourcebook
Controversy on the Clyde : archaeologists, fakes and forgers : the excavation of Dumbuck Crannog
Origen, spirit and fire : a thematic anthology of his writings
The Mongol and Manchu manuscripts and blockprints in the Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences
Salem witchcraft papers as evidence of early American English
Old Babylonian letters from Tell Asmar
Knighton's Chronicle 1337-1396
Diplomatics : new uses for an old science
The great documents of western civilization
Documentary research. 1
Über die chinesische Version von Aśvaghosas Buddhacarita : fo-so-hing-tsan
Medieval narrative sources : a gateway into the medieval mind
The late Roman West and the Vandals
Throughout its history, the Kingdom of Israel had strong connections with the Aramaean world. Constantly changing relations, from rivalry and military conflicts to alliances and military cooperation, affected the history of the whole Levant and left their marks on both Biblical and extra-Biblical sources. New studies demonstrate that Israelite state formation was contemporaneous with the formation of the Aramaean polities (11th-9th centuries BCE). Consequently, the Jordan Valley (and especially its northern parts and its extension to the valley of Lebanon) was a constantly changing border zone between different Iron Age polities. In light of that, there is a need to study the history of Ancient Israel not only from the "Canaanite" point of view but also within the political and cultural context of the Aramaean world. This volume brings together experts working in different fields to address the relations and interactions between Aram and Israel during the Early Iron Age (12th to 8th centuries BCE).
The Koguryŏ annals of the Samguk sagi
Medieval record sources
Lives behind the laws : the world of the Codex Hermogenianus
American slavery : pre-1866 imprints
Whales, dolphins and porpoises in the economy and culture of peasant fishermen in Norway, Orkney, Shetland, Faeroe Islands and Iceland, ca 900-1900 AD, and Norse Greenland, ca 1000-1500 AD
Documentary research. 2
The anthropology of texts, persons and publics : [oral and written culture in African and Beyond]
Fontes historiae Nubiorum : textual sources for the history of the Middle Nile Region between the eighth century BC and the sixth century AD. Vol. 2, From the mid-fifth to the first century BC
Prologue to revolution : sources and documents on the Stamp Act crisis, 1764-1766
From primitives to Zen : a thematic sourcebook of the history of religions
The Book of deeds of James I of Aragon : a translation of the medieval Catalan Llibre dels fets
A lasting relationship : parents and children over three centuries
Bjarmaland (also Biarmaland, Biarmia, Byarmia, Bjarmia) and its inhabitants (Bjarmar, Beormas, Biarmar) are known to us through c. 30 medieval written sources, most of them written in Norse, a few in Latin and one in Anglo-Saxon. Majority of the texts were written during the 13th century, but the stories they relate may nevertheless be of earlier date. The Kings' Sagas in particular often refer to 10th century events. Oldest of the sources is the so-called Ohthere's account, a 9th century Anglo-Saxon text added to the OE Orosius translation. The rest of the sources are of Norse-Icelandic origin including a number of konungasögur, a few chronicles and íslendingasögur, some texts of geographical nature, a couple of þáttr, and a number of fornaldarsögur as well as six annals. Additionally Haralds saga gráfeldar contains a few skaldic verses.Written sources locate Bjarmaland to the White Sea. The words Terfinna land connect the location with the Kola Peninsula and the environs of the Varzuga River whereas the name Gandvík guides our interest towards the Kantalahti Bay of the White Sea. The name 'Vína' can be connected with either the Northern Dvina River or Viena Karelia. Written sources portray the Bjarmians as permanently settled group of Baltic Fennic speaking people that lived in the north of Europe since the Viking Age (first mentioned in writing in the 9th century) until the early Middle Ages (mid-13th century). Involvement in the international fur trade is implied and continuous contacts with Norwegians with both looting and trade as integral part of interaction are present in the descriptions. The Bjarmians cannot be connected ethnically with any existing group of people but must be considered as a group of their own. The origin of the specific ethnical identity most likely lies in economical interaction (trade with furs and possibly other items) with neighbouring areas. Since 12th-13th centuries new settlers moved to the northern areas and many political and economical changes occurred in Northern Fennoscandia and Russia, all of which would have contributed to a change that left the Bjarmians out of written sources.
Voices of a people's history of the United States
Late Antiquity witnessed the transformation of the ancient Mediterranean and near eastern worlds. This book illustrates the dramatic political, social and religious changes of Late Antiquity through the words of the men and women who experienced them. The collection draws from Greek, Latin, Syriac, Hebrew, Coptic, Persian, Arabic and Armenian sources. The Roman Empire is kept at the centre of discussion, with chapters devoted to government, society, army, law, medicine, philosophy, Christianity, polytheism and Jews. The carefully selected sources present a comprehensive insight into the lives of emperors, abbesses, aristocrats, slaves, and saints who left a vivid record of their experiences. Extra material on domestic life, the 'fall' of the western provinces, apocalyptic thought in the Christian, Jewish, and Islamic traditions and coverage of the successor kingdoms and the rise of Islam is included, providing an expanded view of Late Antiquity. With new translations, images and a glossary this volume supplies all the sources needed for study of Late Antiquity.
Venice and Thessalonica, 1423-1430. The Venetian documents
The ancient Near East : historical sources in translation
The search for the Etruscans
Studies in Mithraism : papers associated with Mithraic Panel organized on the occasion of the XVIth Congress of the International Association for the History of Religions, Rome 1990
The portable medieval reader
History of science, history of text
Hugo Grotius "Commentarius in Theses XI" : an early treatise on sovereignty, the just war, and the legitimacy of the Dutch revolt
Roman Italy, 338 BC - AD 200 : a sourcebook
Ferocious beast (óarga dýr) between north and east
This Sourcebook contains a comprehensive collection of sources on the topic of the social history of the Roman world during the late Republic and the first two centuries AD. Designed to form the basis for courses in Roman social history, this excellent resource covers original translations from sources such as inscriptions, papyri, and legal texts.
Fontes historiae Nubiorum : textual sources for the history of the Middle Nile Region between the eighth century BC and the sixth century AD. Vol. 1, From the eighth to the mid-fifth century BC
The government of the Roman Empire : a sourcebook
Astronomical diaries and related texts from Babylonia. Vol. 6, Goal year texts
A collector's guide to books on Japan in English : a select list of over 2500 titles
Music since 1900
The voice of the Middle Ages : in personal letters 1100-1500
The alchemy reader : from Hermes Trismegistus to Isaac Newton
The Anglo-Saxon charms : texts in context
Report on the Old Records of the India Office, with supplementary note and appendices
The Goths in the fourth century
The sensitive interpretation of emotions : methodological perspectives on  studying meanings in written life-historical narratives
Literary texts and the Roman historian
Comment : : literary fairy tales and the types of international folktales (AA, AT,  ATU)
The federalist : the essential essays
Later Gothic manuscripts, 1390-1490
Documentary research. 3
Comment : reflections on oral and literary relations in the fairy tale
Crop protection in medieval agriculture : studies in pre-modern organic agriculture
The keys of Middle-earth : discovering medieval literature through the fiction of J. R. R. Tolkien
Chaucer's Treatise on the astrolabe and Equatorie of the planets - with a special reference to the western tradition of astrology
The early Christian fathers : a selection from the writings of the fathers from St. Clement of Rome to St. Athanasius
Monumenta Peloponnesiaca : documents for the history of the Peloponnese in the 14th and 15th centuries
The sources of Roman Law : problems and methods for ancient historians
Colonial lives : documents on Latin American history, 1550-1850
The Civil war : a history in documents
The Canso d'Antioca : an Occitan epic chronicle of the First Crusade
The sources for early Bābī doctrine and history : a survey
In search for Aram and Israel : politics, culture, and identity
Documentary research. 4
Documents from Old Testament times
Using documents
Daily life in ancient Rome : a sourcebook
Appendix : acta pontificum Suecica. 2, Acta poenitentiare : Auctoritate papae : the church province of Uppsala and the apostolic penitentiary 1410-1526
A guide to folktales in the English language : based on the Aarne-Thompson classification system
Commentaries on the Liber Census Daniae : studies in mediaeval European history
Reference guide to Africa : a bibliography of sources
The brewing industry : a guide to historical records
Ancient Greece from Homer to Alexander : the evidence
Neo-Assyrian texts from Nebuchadnezzar's Babylon : a preliminary report
A history of the early Korean kingdom of Paekche : together with an annotated translation of the Paekche annals of the Samguk sagi
Soviet sources of military doctrine and strategy
Lightning over Yemen : a history of the Ottoman campaign (1569-71) : being a translation from the Arabic of part III of al-Barq al-Yamānī fī al-Fatḥ al-ʻUthmānī by Quṭb al-Din al-Nahrawālī al-Makkī as published by Ḥamad al-Jāsir (Riyadh, 1967)
The origin of Rus'. Vol. 1, Old Scandinavian sources other than the sagas
Miscellaneous hymns : Middle Persian and Parthian hymns in theTurfan Collection
The British inheritance : a treasury of historic documents
