http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1755 plants
plants
Defoliation and plant-soil interactions in grasslands
Ruderals and weeds in Godby, Åland Islands, SW Finland
Wildflowers of Western Australia
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Wintering of plants
Plant responses to herbivory : the role of plant structure and environmental factors
The arctic region is predicted to experience the earliest and most pronounced global warming response to human-induced climatic change. This book synthesizes information on the physiological ecology of arctic plants, discusses how physiological processes influence ecosystem processes, and explores how climate warming will affect arctic plants, plant communities, and ecosystem processes. It reviews the physiological ecology of arctic plants. It explores biotic controls over community and ecosystems processes. It provides physiological bases for predicting how the Arctic will respond to global climate change.
Inventory, evaluation and monitoring of botanical diversity in Southern Africa : a regional capacity and institution building network (SABONET) : GEF/UNDP project document
The plant kingdom
Juncus tenuis found in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Lassdal, an old ballast site in eastern Nyland, S Finland
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 3.
The Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus L., was found in Gottby in the municipality of Jomala, the Åland Islands, SW Finland, in June 2009. It was both flowering and fruiting, although rather sparingly. This boreal species has not been observed in the Åland Islands since 1950. The total distribution of the species is outlined. An account is given of the previous six observations of R. arcticus in Åland. The dispersal of the seeds (endocarps with seeds) of R. arcticus is treated..
Changes in the invasion level, and impact of alien plants in Finnish semi-natural agricultural habitats
Modern terrarium studio : Design + build custom landscapes with succulents, air plants + more
Visual guide to native and naturalized coastal county plants from Santa Cruz to Mendocino
Two new species of the genus Sarcoglottis (Orchidaceae) from Brazil
Arctic ecosystems in a changing climate : an ecophysiological perspective
Results of the official variety trials 2008-2015.
Diversity and distribution pattern of bryophytes and vascular plants in a boreal spruce forest
Search for molecular mechanisms related to Zn accumulation and tolerance in Thlaspi caerulescens
Plant conservation in the Mediterranean area
Natural product formation by plants; enhancement, analysis, processing and testing
Succulents : the illustrated dictionary
Plant biodiversity in boreal wood-pastures : impacts of grazing and abandonment
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Nature illuminated : flora and fauna from the court of the emperor Rudolf II
Viruses detection in a wild plant, Arctium tomentosum, by siRNA deep-sequencing
Photosynthesis
Succession of mire vegetation was studied in mire basins providing uniform chronosequences on the land uplift coast of the Bothnian Bay. The research was performed from transects crossing mire basins with similar hydrology in order to highlight the occurrence on different mire species in catchment areas. Material from vegetation sample plots was used, central species for each altitude belt were presented. Also the differences between the mire basins on moraine and sand were handled. On the mires under 5 m asl, the vegetation is dominated by species typical for swamps and seashores. Most Sphagnum species spread to the mire basins very quickly after the disappearance of the brackish sea-water effect. Along with the Sphagna are spreading most species typical for the mature hummock, lawn and carpet levels. The occurring of rich fen species seems to be closely connected with the groundwater discharge pattern. The study areas are situated on the coast of northern Bothnian Bay, where the developed mire systems are dominated by aapa mires. The results are compared with those from the more southern zone of bogs. The main difference seems to be the larger coverage of Sphagnum mosses even on the wetter sites on the development of bogs.
The contribution of Trichoderma asperellum T34 to the plant uptake of phosphorus (P) from sparingly phytoavailable forms such as insoluble calcium (Ca) phosphates and phytates was studied. Two experiments with cucumber (Cucumis sativus L.) on siliceous sand were performed involving two factors, namely: (i) P source, viz., KH2PO4, phytate (Ins6P), and phosphate rock (PR), and (ii) inoculation with T34. Liquid pure cultures of T34 were also used. T34 increased the total content in P of cucumber roots irrespective of the particular P form and enhanced total P uptake by plants with P supplied as Ins6P or PR. The increased phytase activity observed with T34 contributes to explain its favourable   influence on the uptake of P supplied as Ins6P. Solubilization of Ca phosphates from PR was favoured by the slightly acidifying effect and the increased organic anion concentration promoted by the fungus in the plant growth media. It can be concluded that T34 can improve P nutrition in plants grown on media containing phytates or insoluble Ca phosphates as dominant P forms.
Chamorchis alpina and Epipactis helleborine in the Murmansk Region, Russia, and assessments of the orchids in the Region using the IUCN Red List Categories
Viola parnonia (Violaceae), a new species from southern Greece
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Plant invasions in boreal agricultural habitats : the effect of environmental conditions, species traits and the impact on native diversity
An encyclopaedia of plants in myth, legend, music and lore
Becoming vegetarian : the complete guide to adopting a healthy vegetarian diet
Molecular botany : signals and the environment
Potamogetonaceae fruits. 1, Recent and subfossil endocarps of the Fennoscandian species
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Two new hybrids (Delphinium × pskemense Sennikov & Lazkov, Perovskia × intermedia Lazkov) are described. The variety Rhinactinidia limoniifolia var. brachyglossa Lazkov & Sennikov and forma Rubus praecox Bertol. f. rutiliflorus H.E.Weber & Sennikov are described for unusual morphotypes of these species. Five transfers from Pyrethrum to Richteria (R. brachanthemoides (Kamelin & Lazkov) Sennikov, R. neglecta (Tzvelev) Sennikov, R. sovetkinae (Kovalevsk.) Sennikov, R. sussamyrensis (Lazkov) Sennikov, R. sect. Trichanthemopsis (Tzvelev) Sennikov) are proposed in conformity with the phylogeny of Anthemideae....
The Usborne outdoor book
African plant diversity , systematics and sustainable development : Proceedings of the XIXth AETFAT Congress held at Antananarivo, Madagascar, 25-30 April 2010 = Diverisité des plantes Africaines systématique et developpment durable actes XIXéme Congrés AETFAT, tenu à Antanannarivo, Madagascar, 25-30 avril 2010
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Perspectives on plant population ecology
Carex mackenziei and C. canescens × mackenziei in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Phytoene desaturase (PDS) plays a key role in the carotenoid biosynthesis in plants. Knocked-down the expression of PDS gene by virus induced gene silencing (VIGS) shows the photobleached phenotype in infected plants so that it has been used as a marker or a long time in VIGS systems with range of plant species. Tobacco rattle virus (TRV) based VIGS system, which uses PDS as the visual marker has been successfully applied and showed the white phenotype in Gerbera hybrida. However, 2-pyrone synthase (PS) gene, which encodes the first enzyme in gerebrin/parasorboside biosynthesis, is significantly reduced in these infected VIGS albino sectors. The transcription level of 2PS gene was also strongly suppressed in leaves treated with photobleaching herbicide, Norflurazon (NF), which inhibits the activity of PDS. Thus, down-regulation of 2PS gene in photobleaching sectors is caused by silencing PDS gene rather than by reacting of gerbera to TRV in VIGS treatment. Interestingly, expression of 2PS in transgenic tobacco (Nicotina tabacum SR1) causes photooxidative bleaching of the leaves. The reduction of β-carotene in white leaves which analyzed by thin layer chromatograph (TLC) is the main reason; however, the interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis in these transgenic plants is still unclear. To overcome the effect of overexpression 2PS gene, exogenous mevalonic acid lactone (MAL) could be applied to partially rescue this transgenic phenotype at the seedling stages.
Lipid transfer and signal transduction in plants : a study of inositol phospholipids
Plant variation and evolution
Plant uptake of phosphorus from sparingly available P- sources as affected by Trichoderma asperellum T34
The Åland Islands in SW Finland are known for their luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants. Ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a ruderal site in the centre of the village of Godby, municipality of Finström, in 2002. Most of the organic topsoil had been removed and several rare ruderal species grew then on the open ruderal site. The site became more closed, resembling a meadow rather than a ruderal ground already in 2006 and later the vegetation developed into a tall and rough grown meadow with some shrubs and young trees. The following ruderal plants are treated more in detail: Agrostemma githago, Anthemis tinctoria, Centaurea cyanus, Cichorium intybus, Dianthus deltoides (cultivar), Echium vulgare, Holcus lanatus, Leontodon hispidus, Lotus corniculatus var. sativus, Papaver dubium subsp. dubium, P. rhoeas, Phleum phleoides, Rumex thyrsiflorus, Senecio jacobaea, Thymus pulegioides, Trifolium dubium and Vicia tenuifolia. Besides some trees and shrubs, 133 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing in the ruderal site during the period 2002-2015. The origin of the ruderal flora is not known. It is suggested that at least some of the plants have originated from seeds in the former cultivated field. A deliberate sowing of flower seeds of foreign provenance cannot, however, be excluded, although we have not been able to prove it.
Bibliographic catalogue of Hieracium and Pilosella names published by Finnish authors
Under earth ; under water
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Regional P stocks in soil and in animal manure as compared to P requirement of plants in Finland : Baltic Forum for Innovative Technologies for Sustainable Manure Management : WP4 Standardisation of manure types with focus on phosphorus
Australia's wildflowers
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
Plant molecular biology manual
This book provides an overview of our current knowledge of some plant-pathogen interactions in economically important crops, emphasizing the importance of pathogenic fungi on fruits, cereals, postharvest crops and the establishment of plant diseases and drawing together fundamental new information on their management strategies based on conventional and eco-friendly methods, with an emphasis on the use of microorganisms and various biotechnological aspects of agriculture, which could lead to sustainability in modern agriculture. The book examines the role of microbes in growth promotion, as bioprotectors and bioremediators, and presents practical strategies for using microbes in sustainable agriculture. In addition, the use of botanicals vis-a-vis chemical pesticides is also reviewed. Contributions on new research fields such as mycorrhizas and endophytes are included. The book also examines in different chapters host-pathogen interactions in the light of the new tools and techniques of molecular biology and genetics.
Tiivistelmä / Abstract / Summary.
The killer of Socrates exposed : coniine in the plant kingdom
Harald Lindberg - a Finnish botanist
The ozone transfer between atmosphere and vegetation : a study on Scots pine in the field
The old record of Chamorchis alpina from Rybachiy Peninsula, Murmansk Region has been confirmed and another old locality reported from Pechenga on the basis of two herbarium specimens collected by Jacob Fellman (H). The specimen from Pechenga was wrongly published as Herminium monorchis in Fellman's Index plantarum 1831. Chamorchis alpina has not been found in the Murmansk Region since more than 180 years, and it is proposed to be treated as regionally extinct (RE) in the Red Data Books dealing with the Region....
Look inside the jungle
The terrestrial botany of the Tristan da Cunha islands
Flora of the Guianas : supplementary series. Fasc. 3. The Guyanan plant collections of Robert and Richard Schomburgk (J.A.C van Dam)
Taxonomic Literature II : (TL-2)
Variation and evolution in plants
Biological rhythms and photoperiodism in plants
LED lighting for urban agriculture
Common families of flowering plants
Recent developments in spatial methods and data in biogeographical distribution modelling - advantages and pitfalls
Pine transcriptomics : RNA-Seq data analysis of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) seedlings subjected to a wounding experiment
Population genetics of the invasive plant species Impatiens glandulifera in Southern Finland
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 2.
Two new Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae) from Yunnan, China
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan, 4.
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1996-2003 = Results of official variety trials 1996-2003
Geography has a long tradition in studies of geographical distribution of flora and fauna. Detailed mappings of the distributions of biota over wide regions can produce highly valuable biogeographical data, but are extremely laborious. These challenges in biogeographical mapping, as well as the need for mitigation tools for the adverse impacts of human disturbance on the landscape and biodiversity, have stimulated the development of new approaches for assessing biogeographical patterns. Particularly, the ability to model distribution patterns of organisms and habitat types has recently increased along with the theoretical and methodological development of biogeography and spatial ecology, and modern spatial techniques and extensive data sets (provided e.g., by earth observation techniques). However, geographical data have characteristics which produce statistical problems and uncertainties in these modelling studies: 1) the data are almost always multivariate and intercorrelated, 2) the data are often spatially autocorrelated, and 3) biogeographical distribution patterns are affected by different factors operating on different spatial and temporal scales. Especially remote sensing and geographic information data provide powerful means for studies of environmental change, but also include pitfalls and may generate biased results. Quantitative analysis and modelling with correct and strict use of spatial statistics should also receive more attention. The issues discussed in this paper can have relevance in several fields of application of geographical data.
The diversity and evolution of plants
Index to organism names : (ION)
Coming to terms with conservation under climate change : using species distribution models and translocation trials for estimating the need and potential of assisted migration
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Let your kids go wild outside : creative ways to help children discover nature and enjoy the great outdoors
Applied plant biotechnology
Crop yield response to water
Bioactive heterocycles VI : flavonoids and anthocyanins in plants, and latest bioactive heterocycles 1
The evolution of asexual reproduction in plants
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Childcraft. 2, The Green Kingdom
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The planting design handbook
A handbook of Scotland's coasts
Index to plant chromosome numbers 1986-1987
Molecular characterization of viruses causing the cassava brown streak disease epidemic in Eastern Africa
Interference between gerberin/parasorboside and carotenoid biosynthesis
Plant adaptation to temperature and photoperiod
Footpath flowers
Red list of plants and fungi in Poland = Czerwona lista roślin i grzybów Polski
Wicked plants : the weed that killed Lincoln’s mother & other botanical atrocities
The Third International Symposium on Nitrogen Fixation with Non-Legumes, Helsinki 2-8 September, 1984
Photosynthesis, CO2 and temperature : an approach to analyse the constrains to acclimation of trees to increasing CO2 concentration
Southern African plant red data lists
Folklore and symbolism of flowers, plants and trees
Plant evolutionary biology
A small stand of Slender Rush or Path Rush, Juncus tenuis Willd., was found on trampled gravelly and stony ground at the edge of a car park on a path to café Soltuna on the hills of Geta (Getabergen). There were only 3 larger and 13 small tussocks of the species growing on approximately one square metre. The accompanying vascular plants were few; Agrostis cf. capillaris, Juncus effusus, Leontodon autumnalis, Plantago major subsp. major and Poa annua were the only taxa observed among the rush tussocks. Juncus tenuis was not seen during investigations of the vascular plant flora at Soltuna in 2003 and 2007. Juncus tenuis is introduced from North America to Europe and elsewhere....
The Åland Islands, SW Finland, are known for luxuriant vegetation with numerous calciphilic vascular plants, but ruderal plants are rather few compared to the adjoining regions of Finland and Sweden. However, new ruderal plants are occasionally found in Åland. We came across a waste ground in the island of Dånö, municipality of Geta, on which several non-familiar vascular plants grew. The waste ground has been used for dumping flower shop garbage and thus some unfamiliar plants have been dumped there. The following species have not been found previously as ruderal plants in the Åland Islands: Allium sativum, Cucumis melo, Dipsacus fullonum, Hedera helix, Inula helenium and Lactuca serriola. Several other more or less rare ruderals were also found on the waste ground: Bromus secalinus, Conyza canadensis, Holcus lanatus, Lepidium densiflorum subsp. neglectum and Senecio jacobaea. Three garden shrubs, Rosa spinosissima, Symphoricarpos albus var. laevigatus and Salix viminalis grew together with more common garden ruderals, such as Digitalis purpurea, Malva moschata and Saponaria officinalis. A total of 137 vascular plant taxa, most of them common in the Åland Islands, were observed growing on the waste ground..
Biogas production from energy crops and crop residues
Plant physiology : a treatise. 6. 100, Physiology of development: from seeds to sexuality
Amateur botanist Jacob Fellman (1793-1875), priest of northernmost Finland at Utsjoki in 1820-1831, was the first Finn to study the flora of northernmost East Fennoscandia. He did several long expeditions to Lapponia inarensis (Finland), to East Finnmark (Norway) and to the western Kola Peninsula region (Northwest Russia). His main publications include lists of the species of those areas, as well as their localities and frequencies (J. Fellman 1831, 1835). His memoirs (J. Fellman 1906a) also contain a great deal of plant information. Fellman was also interested in economic plants and phenological observations....
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 1997-2004 = Results of official variety trials 1997-2004
Potato leaf roll virus (PLRV), Potato virus Y (PVY), Potato virus X (PVX), Potato virus S (PVS), Potato virus A (PVA), and Potato virus M (PVM) are widely distributed in potato (Solanum tuberosum) all over the world. This study was conducted to establish if these viruses also infect potato in Mbeya region, Tanzania. A total of 219 potato leaf samples from 13 farmers' fields were collected. Of these, 20 samples were pressed on FTA cards. Samples were screened for viruses by Double Antibody Sandwich Enzyme Linked Immunosorbent Assay (DAS-ELISA). Those which were pressed on FTA cards were further analysed by Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR). Virus-like symptoms such as yellowish-green mosaic, leaf rolling and vein necrosis were observed and recorded at the time of field sample collection. DAS-ELISA results suggested the occurrence of all six viruses in samples from Mbeya region. RT-PCR analysis confirmed the presence of these viruses except PVY. PVS and PLRV were the most prevalent viruses. Complete coat proteins (CP) encoding sequence of five viruses (PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM) were sequenced. Blast searches detected presence of sequences in the GenBank sharing nucleotide sequence identities of 94%-100% with isolates of viruses sequenced in this study. The complete CP sequences of the aforementioned viruses from the current study were closely related with virus isolates from different countries. The Tanzania isolates of PLRV, PVX, PVA, PVS and PVM were each suggested to belong to the one group as well as one isolate. These results are important in seed potato multiplication systems in Tanzania for improving seed quality in the local seed potato chain, an important service currently lacking to potato farmers in Tanzania.
The ballast site of Lassdal was known for its exotic plants brought with soil from abroad by sailing ships. The ballast site was more or less abandoned already at the beginning of the 20th century, at the latest. However, several ballast plants grew in Lassdal in 1946. A few of them were still growing there in 2015. The vascular plant flora comprised 17 taxa of trees and shrubs and 59 field layer taxa in 2009-2015. The following are dealt with more in detail: Allium oleraceum, Arabis glabra, Campanula rapunculoides, Carex hirta, cf. Draba incana, Hercaleum sphondylium, Medi­cago lupulina var. willdenowiana, Melilotus albus, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata. Of these, Campanula rapunculoides, Stachys sylvatica and Viola odorata have not been observed earlier in Lassdal.
Results of the official variety trials 2009-2016.
Plant speciation
Management of fungal plant pathogens
Harald Lindberg was one of the most eminent botanist in Finland during the 1900's. He studied a wide range of taxa, including subfossils and bryophytes. He investigated subfossils on peatlands in 60 municipalities, many of them now belonging to Russia. Lindberg described 11 new bryophyte taxa, and discovered 12 new species to Finland (including areas of former Finnish territory of today's Russia). For East Fennoscandia he described 8 new vascular plant species to science, discovered 42 new species and 26 hybrids to country. Apomictic species interested him also, and he described 4 new Alchemilla species, 34 Hieraciumtaxa and 80 Taraxacum species or subspecies. Later he became expertise also on Mediterranean species, and described 50 new species and 22 subspecies, especially from Morocco and Spain. Plantae Finlandiae Exsiccatae was an extensive effort. 2,081 numbers were distributed to 23 museum. .
1001 plants you must grow before you die
Taxonomic corrections and new records in vascular plants of Kyrgyzstan
Contemporary plant systematics
Virallisten lajikokeiden tulokset 1994 - 2001 = Results of officialvariety trials 1994 - 2001
Vascular plant and moss species across successional mire basins on the land uplift coast of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland
Genetic characterization of Theobroma cacao L. in Nicaragua
Personalities of Russian amateur botany, 1. Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929), and the neglected protologue of Alchemilla propinqua H.Lindb.
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
Adaptation of a generalist moth, Operophtera brumata, to host plants
British grasses and their employment in agriculture
Detection and characterization of viruses of sweetpotatoes (Ipomoea batatas L.) from Guatemala and Honduras
Dependence of the flower bud burst of some plant taxa in Finland on effective temperature sum : implications for climate warming
The private life of plants : a natural history of plant behaviour
A child's introduction to natural history : the story of our living earth-from amazing animals and plants to fascinating fossils and gems
Late Miocene flora of Vegora Macedonia N. Greece
This site provides a central source of information about viruses, viroids and satellites of plants, fungi and protozoa, with some additional data on animal viruses and phages with RNA or ssDNA genomes.
A study of some Chinese Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae)
Turkish journal of botany : Türk botanik dergisi
A new species of Cephalaria (Dipsacaceae) from South Anatolia, Turkey
The future control of food : a guide to international negotiations and rules on intellectual property, biodiversity and food security
Proceedings of the Xth International People-Plant Symposium on Digging Deeper : Approaches to Research in Horticultural Therapy and Therapeutic Horticulture : Truro, Nova Scotia, Canada, August 6-8, 2010
The visual dictionary of plants
Things that grow
Phylogenetic support and chloroplast genome evolution in Sileneae (Caryophyllaceae)
Fly traps! : plants that bite back
Ruderal vascular plants on a waste ground in the island of Dånö, Åland Islands, SW Finland
The northern amphi-atlantic seashore sedge Carex mackenziei V. I. Krecz. was found by us in four localities in 2008-2011, two in Kökar and one in Brändö in the eastern archipelago and one in Sund on the mainland of Åland. The hybrid C. canescens L. × mackenziei (C. × pseudohelvola Kihlm.), which occurs regularly together with C. mackenziei, was found in Sund in 2010 and 2011. The generaldistribution of the two taxa is outlined. The previous finds of C. mackenziei and the hybrid in the Åland Islands during the 19th and 20th centuries are referred to. The future of Carex mackenziei and its hybrid in the Åland Islands is discussed..
Creating art : flowers & nature : kukat & luonto = Kuvan tekeminen
Miniscapes : create your own terrarium
Herbal medicine production : breeding and cultivation of salicylates producing plants
Plants and civilization
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. The presence of Scutellaria popovii Vved. in Talas Range is confirmed and documented with herbarium specimens, and this species is mapped. The known distributions of Galinsoga parviflora Cav. and Reseda lutea L., established invasive aliens, are documented with many new records and mapped. Eminium alberti (Regel) Engl. ex B. Fedtsch., Iris inconspicua (Vved.) T. Hall & Seisums, I. khassanovii Tojibaev et Turginov and Lagopsis flava Kar. et Kir. are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Astragalus testiculatus Pall., Corydalis glaucescens Regel, Morina parviflora Kar. et Kir., Pedicularis karatavica Pavlov, Tulipa turkestanica (Regel) Regel are reported as new to Talas Range, and Iris narbutii O. Fedtsch. as new to Alay Range. The distributions of Iris linifolia (Regel) O. Fedtsch. and I. narynensis O. Fedtsch. in Kyrgyzstan are verified and mapped. Iris zenaidae (Vved.) F.O. Khass. & Rakhimova is reduced to the synonymy of I. graeberiana Sealy; this species is reported as new to many territories of Western Tian-Shan. A new combination, Iris rodionenkoi (Lazkov & Naumenko) Lazkov & Sennikov is provided for Juno rodionenkoi Lazkov & Naumenko. The species known as Cephalorrhynchus polycladus (Boiss.) Kirp. is transferred to Lactuca as L. piestocarpa (Boiss.) Sennikov, comb. nov. with a new section, L. sect. Zollikoferiastrum (Kirp.) Sennikov, comb. nov.; this species is new to Kyrgyzstan.
Index to plant chromosome numbers 1982-1983
Functional diversity in agricultural field margins
Molecular genetics of plant development
Strange but true!
Plant inducible responses to damage : evolution and ecological implications
Preparing herbarium specimens
"ION contains the organism names related data gathered from the scientific literature for Thomson Reuters' Zoological Record database. Viruses, bacteria and plant names will be added from other Thomson Reuters databases such as BIOSIS Previews."--Kotisivu.
Plant biochemistry
Biochemical and cellular mechanisms of stress tolerance in plants
Taxonomy of Cryptocarya species of Brazil : by Pedro Luís Rodrigues de Moraes
Urban ecosystem services at the plant-soil interface
Taiwan te xiyou shengwu = Taiwan's extraordinary plants and animals
The heredity of acquired characters in plants
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Jacob Fellman - the botanising priest
Description of plant viruses
Studies on the resistance of the strawberry powdery mildew (Podosphaera macularis)
Effects of gradual and sudden heat stress on seed quality of Andean lupin, Lupinus mutabilis
Vaellussanasto = Hiker's dictionary = Wander-Wörterbuch
Plant cell biotechnology
Wild flowers of Britain & Europe
When Spring comes
How plants work : a hands-on guide to the natural world
The lost Amazon : the pioneering expeditions of Richard Evans Schultes : a rare photographic journey to an uncharted land
Plants and Vegetation of North-West Persian Gulf : the coasts and islands of Khore Musa, Mahshahr and adjacent areas
The viral coat protein is regulated by HSP70 and HSP40 in potato virus A infection
The world of plant life
Management of boreal forest landscape for plant species richness and timber revenues
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Plants and flowers of Singapore
Strategies towards understanding the molecular basis of ozone sensivity in plants
Dynamic aspects of plant ultrastructure
Reproductive success, local adaptation and genetic diversity in small plant populations
Tropica : color cyclopedia of exotic plants and trees
The amount and extractability of DNA in different parts of MON810 GM hybrid was studied during different developmental stages. To quantify GM contents, an evaluation was performed of the effect of plant development stage on DNA density. To this end, the evolution of weights, absolute DNA yields, DNA densities and ratios of endosperm and embryo relative to total maize kernel were studied. Sampling at four stages during the growth shows an influence on relative GM quantification based on haploid genome equivalents, due to the specific maize seed composition and differences in DNA extractability from different seed tissues. During plant growth, plant parts with potential GM genes (embryo in kernel and cob on total plant) increase in importance on weight and DNA concentration level, while the endosperm drops in relative importance. Expected % GM maize values are calculated for a whole field harvest of grain maize.
Plants : from roots to riches
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Plant molecular biology : a laboratory manual
Bayer CropScience journal
Sweet waste dyes : experiment with recycled colours!
Using dataset of 508 transects of 50 m², we assessed changes in the invasion level of alien plant species in semi-natural agricultural habitats in three study years (2001, 2005 and 2010) in four geographical regions of Finland. In addition, the impact of environmental factors on the occurrence of the most common neophytes (alien species introduced after the 17th century) and the impact of neophytes on native species diversity were studied. In total, 37 neophyte species were detected, but neophytes regarded as highly invasive were rare and occasional. We detected spatio-temporal variation in the invasion level, but it changed according to the measure used. For instance, alien species diversity was lower in south-western Finland than in other years in 2005, and the relative alien species richness was highest in southern and lowest in eastern Finland. Preferences for environmental conditions (disturbance, habitat type and geographical location) and the impact on plant diversity varied among the most common neophytes. The most common neophytes were positively rather than negatively associated with native and alien species diversity. The results suggest that alien species management and control methods should be species-specific and considered case-by-case. Neophytes do not yet cause severe problems, but regular monitoring is needed to detect changes in their invasion levels.
A new record of Arctic Bramble, Rubus arcticus, in the Åland Islands, SW Finland
Ecology and evolution of tolerance in two cruciferous species
The transcription regulation of retrotransposon BARE
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2003-2010 = Results of official variety trials 2003-2010
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Workshop on Sap Flow : Volterra, Italy May 8-12, 2011
Genetic variability in the physiological responses of Andean lupin to drought stress
The weeping goldsmith : discoveries in the secret land of Myanmar
Influence of plant developmental stage on DNA yield and extractability in MON810 maize
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Matsalu taimede nimestik : = vascular plants of Matsalu = Matslun kasvit
Index to plant chromosome numbers 1979-1981
Illuminature : use the magic viewing lens to discover a hidden world of animals
Plant and planet
The fundamentals of Chinese floral painting
Reactive oxygen species and SRO proteins as regulators of gene expression in Arabidopsis thaliana
Leontius Petrovich Alexandrov (1857-1929) was a paediatric surgeon (in urology) in Moscow. As an amateur botanist he collected plants in 1914-1924, mostly Alchemilla, in Moscow and its nearest vicinities, as well as in the former Yaroslavl, Vyatka and Perm Regions. His collections, including types of Alchemilla, are housed at the Komarov Botanical Institute (LE) and the Herbarium of the Museum of History and Culture of the Central Kama Region in Sarapul, Udmurt Republic, Russia....
Pattern-tastic treasure hunt : spot the odd one out with nature
The seed collectors
Flora of the U.S.S.R. = (Flora SSSR). Vol. 2
Viruses occurring in potatoes (Solanum tuberosum) in Mbeya region, Tanzania
Plants and Flowers of the Azores = Pflanzen und Blumen der Azoren = Plantas e flores dos Ac̓ores
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
The Botanics
Plants and flowers of Malaysia
Plant nutrient facts for hydroponics and container growing
Nitrogen effect and impact of white lupin as green manure in cereal-rich crop rotation.
A series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. One transfer in Lamiaceae, Betonica betoniciflora is proposed because of priority under the current phylogeny; a white-flowered form is described within this species. Youngia serawschanica (Crepidifolium serawschanicum) is moved to Crepidiastrum, following the phylogenetic studies in Cichorieae. The only species of the former genus Modestia, M. darwasica is transferred to Jurinea because of its nested position in the molecular phylogeny. Jurinea sect. Anacantha is proposed for the placement of this species in the system of Jurinea. Modestia jucunda, M. mira and M. pteroclada are established as new synonyms of Jurinea darwasica. New substitute names Phlomoides codonantha and P. deserticola, new combinations P. dshungarica and P. karatavica, and three new sectional names are proposed in connection with the synonymization of Eremostachys and Paraeremostachys with Phlomoides. Fritillaria ferganensis is resurrected from the synonymy of F. walujewii; an identification key is provided, and the distributions of both species in Kyrgyzstan are mapped. Lectotypes are designated for Crepis distincta and Fritillaria walujewii. Allium setifolium is new to Ili Ala-Too, Arctium echinopifolium (Hypacanthium echinopifolium) to Kyrgyz Range, Saussurea vvedenskyi to Talas Ala-Too, Hypopitys hypophegea to Chatkal Range. Rhaponticum namanganicum is recorded on the S side of Chatkal Range, extending the distribution area southwards..
The gigantic turnip
Threatened plants and lichens on the northwest shore of Lake Ladoga, Republic of Karelia, Russia
The vegetation of Burma : from an ecological standpoint
Harmful aquatic plants in Africa and Madagascar
Botanica Serbica : official journal of the Institute of Botany and Botanical Garden "Jevremovac", University of Belgrade
A new series of notes on distribution, taxonomy, morphology and nomenclature of some vascular plants in Kyrgyzstan is presented. Carex subphysodes Popov ex V.Krecz., Astragalus sogdianus Bunge, Oxytropis ferganensis Vass. and Iris maracandica (Vved.) Wendelbo (all native), and also Delphinium orientalis J.Gay (alien) are reported as new to Kyrgyzstan. Sedum tetramerum Trautv. is new to Northern Tian-Shan, and Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják is new to Chatkal Range and Western Tian-Shan within Kyrgyzstan. The distribution area of Torilis arvensis (Huds.) Link is revised and expanded, and the distribution of Eremurus zoae Vved. (endemic to Kyrgyzstan) is verified and mapped. New names and combinations, Betonica sect. Foliosae (Krestovsk. & Lazkov) Lazkov, Eriophyton anomalum (Juz.) Lazkov & Sennikov, Kudrjaschevia sect. Jacubianae Lazkov, Lagochilus sect. Chlainanthus (Briq.) Lazkov, Leonurus sect. Panzerioidei (Krestovsk.) Lazkov, Phlomoides sect. Pseuderemostachys (Popov) Lazkov, and Scutellaria sect. Ramosissimae Lazkov, are provided as a result of the forthcoming monographic revision of Lamiaceae. Two hybrids are described in Eremurus, E. fuscus × E. cristatus = E. ×nikitinae Lazkov and E. cristatus × E. zoae = ×E. gypsaceus Lazkov. Places of valid publication and the authorship of Iris svetlanae (Vved.) T.Hall & Seisums and Erianthera anomala Juz. are corrected. Iris svetlanae is synonymized with I. maracandica. A new colour form (with pinkish flowers) of Betonica betoniciflora (Rupr. ex O.Fedtsch. & B.Fedtsch.) Sennikov is described. English-language designations are provided for the map of biogeographic provinces of Kyrgyzstan.
Photomicrographs of the flowering plant
Physiology of woody plants
Index to plant chromosome numbers 1988-1989
Principles of soil and plant water relations
Plant growth and development : a molecular approach
Vascular plant species in planned mire conservation areas in southern and central Finland
Smithsonian contributions to botany
Canadian journal of plant science
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Field and laboratory methods for grassland and animal production research
Turn the tabs to discover 7 kinds of patterns and 70 first words to see and say in this book with a nature theme.
The cabaret of plants : botany and the imagination
Winter ecology course 2001 = [Talviekologian kurssi 2001]
Illustrations from biochemistry & molecular biology of plants
