http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17535 description of nature
description of nature
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 88 = Nature photographs of the year 88
Among the islands
At the beginning of the nineteenth century, the Russian nobility discovered the pristine landscapes of Finland. Travelling from St. Petersburg, they described the territory newly annexed to the Empire as a Northern Arcadia, a rural haven for their body and soul, while Finns were seen as peaceful “children of nature”, humble and honest. How did these idyllic images of Finland develop? More particularly, what was the value of these perceptions in the Russian imperial context? Based on published travel accounts, this An Imperial Idyll investigates the process through which Russians came to describe and depict Finland as part of their Empire. As a historical survey of the construction of Russian representations of Finland, it sheds new light on familiar places such as Imatra, Helsinki, or the Saimaa Canal by analyzing their creation as remarkable sites as a component of Russian imperialism.
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 98 = Nature photographs of the year 98
The ecocriticism reader : landmarks in literary ecology
The charms of China
An imperal idyll : Finland in Russian travelogues (1810-1860)
Understanding raw photography
Macrophotography : learning from a master : with more than 300 dazzling color photographs
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
The scenery and antiquities of Ireland
Photographing pattern and design in nature : a close-up guide
Mestarit luonnossa = Wildlife photography in Finland by the Finnish masters
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 85
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 81 = Nature photographs of the year 81
Suomen Lapin lumous = The lure of Finnish Lapland
The world of nature in the works of Federico García Lorca
Culture, creativity and environment : new environmentalist criticism
Summer world : a season of bounty
Hollywood utopia : ecology in contemporary American cinema
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 94 = Nature photographs of the year 94
Nature's best photography
Loodusfoto aastaraamat 2012 = Estonian nature photo yearbook
The essential wildlife photography manual
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 86 = Nature photographs of the year 86
Wild and majestic Changbai mountains
Nature photography : insider secrets from the world's top digital photography professionals
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 84 = Nature photographs of the year 84
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 82
Weatherland : writers & artists under english skies
Lappi - napapiiriltä Jäämerelle = Lappland - från polcirkeln till Ishavet = Lapland - from the Polar Circle to the Arctic Ocean
Photographing nature  : a photo workshop from Brooks Institute's top nature photography instructor
Spacecam : photographing the final frontier - from Apollo to Hubble
Film landscapes : cinema, environment and visual culture
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 1999 = Nature photographs of the year 1999
Nature (The) photographer's complete guide to professional field techniques
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 89 = Nature photographs of the year 89
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 83
Footprints of the Gods
The long-shadowed forest
The semiotics of animal representations
The art of nature photography : perfect your pictures in-camera and in-computer
Digital nature photography and Adobe Photoshop
My first summer in the Sierra
Tracking down Tibetan antelopes
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 99
Kootut vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 87 = Nature photographs of the year 87
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 91 = Nature Photographs of year 91
Hunting with a camera : a world guide to wildlife photography
Working the light : a landscape photography masterclass
The profile of the Finnish landscape
100 ways to take better nature & wildlife photographs
Ecocritical explorations in literary and cultural studies : fences, boundaries, and fields
Beyond nature writing : expanding the boundaries of ecocriticism
H is for Hawk
Four seasons of nature photography
The wholeness of nature : Goethe's way of science
Knowing nature : knowledge of nature in seventeenth century French and English travel accounts from the Carribbean
Bird politics : the concreteness of birds in Finnish 1970's environmental poetry.
Outdoor photographer : e-lehti
Photographing wild brown bear in Finland = Karhun valokuvaus
The blue bear : a true story of friendship, tragedy, and survival in Alaskan Wilderness
International garden photographer of the year : collection seven
Vihreä Helsinki = The green spaces of Helsinki
Suomen luontokuvia = Pictures of nature in Finland
'In real life, goshawks resemble sparrowhawks the way leopards resemble housecats. Bigger, yes. But bulkier, bloodier, deadlier, scarier, and much, much harder to see. Birds of deep woodland, not gardens, they're the birdwatchers' dark grail.' As a child Helen Macdonald was determined to become a falconer. She learned the arcane terminology and read all the classic books, including T.H. White's tortured masterpiece, 'The Goshawk', which describes White's struggle to train a hawk as a spiritual contest. When her father dies and she is knocked sideways by grief, she becomes obsessed with the idea of training her own goshawk. She buys Mabel on a Scottish quayside and takes her home to Cambridge. This book is a record of a spiritual journey - an unflinchingly honest account of Macdonald's struggle with grief during the difficult process of the hawk's taming and her own untaming.
Fascinating birds
Into the nature of creatures and wilderness
Arctic dreams : imagination and desire in a northern landscape
Incredible insects! : eye-opening photos of amazing bugs
Close-up photography in nature
Singing in the wilderness : music and ecology in the twentieth century
Greening the lyre : environmental poetics and ethics
Vuoden luonnonkuvat = Nature photographs of the year. 88
Nature, culture and gender : re-reading the folktale
A new theory for American poetry : democracy, the environment, and the future of imagination
Summary.
RSPB guide to digital wildlife photography
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 92 = Nature photographs of the year 92
The story of English culture over a thousand years can be told as the story of changing ideas about the weather. Writers and artists across the centuries, looking up at the same skies and walking in the same brisk air, have felt very different things. This book is a celebration of English air and a life-story of those who have lived in it.
The fundamentals of creative photography
Eyes on America : the United States as seen by her artists
Creative nature photography
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 93 = Nature photographs of the year 93
Practical photography : Helsinki
A year in Kuusamo : diary of a Finnish bird photographer
Secret lives
Landscape
Vuoden luonnonkuvat 84 = Nature photographs of the year. 1984
Success with wildlife photography
Splendors of the seas : the photographs of Norbert Wu
Reading the landscape : an inspirational and instructional guide to landscape photography
James Fenimore Cooper's landscapes in the Leather-Stocking series and other forest tales
