http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17525 caves
caves
The devil's book of culture : history, mushrooms, and caves in southern Mexico
Death sworn
Abstract.
The human use of caves
Lost in the caves
The magic fossil
Above and below
Painters of the caves
Caves of God : Cappadocia and its churches
Lost in the Caves
The lithic industry from layers IV-V, Susiluola cave, Western Finland, dated to the Eemian interglacial
The cave-deposit at Sha Kuo T'un in Fengtien
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Excavations at Susiluola Cave
Life on a line : the underground rope rescue manual
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Debating Susiluola - some commentary : [discussion]
The cave beneath the sea : Paleolithic images at Cosquer
Report on the Elura cave temples and the Brahmanical and Jaina caves in western India : completing the results of the fifth, sixth, and seventh seasons' operations of the Archaeological survey, 1877-78, 1878-79, 1879-80
Urn burial : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Cave : nature and culture
Chinese earth-sheltered dwellings : indigenous lessons for modern urban design
Incredible earth
Caves in context : the cultural significance of caves and rockshelters in Europe
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
Caves and karstic phenomena : life in the subterranean world
Red rising
The caves of the Aggtelek Karst : a world heritage site in the depths of earth
The making of the Tuoba Northern Wei : constructing material cultural expressions in the northern Wei Pingcheng Period (398-494 CE)
Above and Below is a mashup of town-building and storytelling where you and up to three friends compete to build the best village above and below ground. In the game, you send your villagers to perform jobs like exploring the cave, harvesting resources, and constructing houses. Each villager has unique skills and abilities, and you must decide how to best use them. You have your own personal village board, and you slide the villagers on this board to various areas to indicate that they’ve been given jobs to do. Will you send Hanna along on the expedition to the cave? Or should she instead spend her time teaching important skills to one of the young villagers?
The article considers the light shed on ancient religion by comparative linguistics and the analysis of visual images. Its starting point is the Bronze Age 'Sun Chariot' from Trundholm in Denmark, which is considered in both Flemming Kaul's book Ships on Bronzes and Martin West's Indo-European Poetry and Myth . The ideas of these two writers are discussed in conncection with the evidence of prehistoric rock carvings in South Scandinavia. The article considers how such places were used and draws attention to the distinctive practice of depicting pairs of footprints in this medium. The footprints may mark the positions of people engaged in rituals at these sites, for in many cases the drawings are oriented towards the solstices. Perhaps these events were observed from the decorated outcrops. Although the field evidence is limited, it supports the idea of a solar cosmology postulated by Kaul and West.
Descent : Journeys in the dark. Second edition
Sacred darkness : a global perspective on the ritual use of caves
On the sound related to painted caves and rocks
Formation processes in archaeological context
Chauvet Cave : The Discovery of the Worlds Oldest Paintings
Seven caves : archæological explorations in the Middle East
India : paintings from Ajanta caves
Ajanta : history and development
The cave and the cathedral : how a real-life Indiana Jones and a renegade scholar decoded the ancient art of man
Pathfinder module : crypt of the everflame : a dungeon adventure
The Jolley-Rogers and the cave of doom
Invertebrates of Scandinavian caves V : Diplopoda, Chilopoda, Isopoda and Amphipoda
The last tiger
Susiluola - the problem persists : [discussion]
The conservation of Cave 85 at the Mogao Grottoes, Dunhuang : a collaborative project of the Getty Conservation Institute and the Dunhuang Academy
The troglobitic halocyprid Ostracoda of anchialine caves in Cuba
Pathfinder : Campaign setting : The Inner Sea world guide
Boss monster : the dungeon building card game
See under the ground
New Grange and the Bend of the Boyne
Caves of Northern Thailand
The Cave
Rock shelters of the Périgord : geological stratigraphy and archaeological succession
Cave baby
Caverna : the cave farmers
The descent - loukussa
Kezi'er qian fo dong = Kezier thousand Buddha grottoes
Divers of the dark : exploration of caves under Budapest
Cave life
Sky high!
Luka lives in a world with no trees, no plants, no animals, but one day Luka meets the last tiger, and their friendship leads to an important discovery.
Blind descent : the quest to discover the deepest place on earth
The bear in the cave
Gansu : grottoes on the ancient Silk Road
Scenic splendor of China
Four hundred centuries of cave art
Neanderthals in Susiluola cave, Finland, during the last interglacial period? : [discussion]
Dungeons & Dragons : Conquest of Nerath. Board game
Caving
Erd- und Höhlenhäuser von Peter Vetsch = Earth and cave architecture von Peter Vetsch
Secret of the haunted cave
Underground worlds
How to find a fruit bat
The nature of Paleolithic art
Dungeons & Dragons : the legend of Drizzt : board game
Stable places and changing perceptions : cave archaeology in Greece
Married to a bedouin
Ostracoda (Myodocopa) from Bahamian blue holes
Caves and the ancient Greek mind : descending underground in the search for ultimate truth
Dungeons & dragons : wrath of Ashardalon : board game
Obłazowa Cave : human activity, stratigraphy and palaeoenvironment
The wild girl
Scrolls from the Dead Sea : an exhibition of scrolls and archeological artifacts from the collections of the Israel Antiquities Authority
Caverns of West Virginia
Appreciation of Dunhuang Grottoes : a selection of 50 caves: from the Mogao grottoes, Yulin grottoes and Western-Thousand Buddha grottoes
The Jolley-Rogers and the Cave of Doom
Pathfinder flip-mat : Giant lairs
The Genesis plague
The desert caves of Saudi Arabia = Al-kuhuf al-sahrawiya fi al-mamlaka al-arabiya as-sa'udiya
Conservation of ancient sites on the Silk Road : proceedings of an International Conference on the Conservation of Grotto Sites
Cave art : a guide to the decorated ice age caves of Europe
The highway rat
Great caves of the world
Discoveries in the Judaean desert. 2:2, Les grottes de Murabba'ât
Invertebrates of Scandinavian caves II. Lumbricidae (Oligochaeta)
Torchbearer : basic rule book for levels 1-5
Midsummer and Midwinter in the Rock Carvings of South Scandinavia
Pathfinder : roleplaying game. Gamemastery guide
The world of caves
Dungeons & dragons : Temple of elemental evil : board game
Palaeolithic Man in the Által-ér Valley
The cave painters : probing the mysteries of the world's first artists
Archaeological investigation of Cape Addington rockshelter : human occupation of the rugged seacoast on the outer Prince of Wales archipelago, Alaska
