http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17518 passion music
passion music
Baritone arias from oratorios. Volume one
The Sibelius monument Passio musicae by Eila Hiltunen
Picturing the passion in late Medieval Italy : narrative painting, Franciscan ideologies, and the Levant
Strastnaâ sedmica : opus 13 = Passion week : opus 13
Re-viewing The passion : Mel Gibson's film and its critics
Bach's choral music : a listener's guide
Matthäus-Passion = St Matthew Passion : BWV 244
The century of Bach and Mozart : perspectives on historiography, composition, theory, and performance
The art of Christa Ludwig
The background of passion music : J. S. Bach and his predecessors
On The passion of the Christ : exploring the issues raised by the controversial movie
Perspectives on The Passion of the Christ : religious thinkers and writers explore the issues raised by the controversial movie
Pontius Pilate is one of the Bible's best-known villains - but up until the tenth century, artistic imagery appears to have consistently portrayed him as a benevolent Christian and holy symbol of baptism. For the first time, "Pontius Pilate, Anti-Semitism, and the Passion in Medieval Art" provides a complete look at the shifting visual and textual representations of Pilate throughout early Christian and medieval art. Colum Hourihane examines neglected and sometimes sympathetic portrayals, and shows how negative characterizations of Pilate, which were developed for political and religious purposes, reveal the anti-Semitism of the medieval period. Hourihane indicates that in some artistic renderings, Pilate may have been a symbol of good, and in many, a figure of jurisprudence. Eastern traditions treated Pilate as a saint with his own feast day, but Western accounts from the tenth century changed him from a Roman to a Jew. Pilate became a vessel for anti-Semitism - his image acquired grotesque facial and physical characteristics, and his role in Christ's Passion grew to mythic proportions. By the fifteenth century, however, representations of Pilate came full circle to depict an aged and empathetic administrator. Combining a wealth of previously unpublished sources with explorations of art historical developments, "Pontius Pilate, Anti-Semitism, and the Passion in Medieval Art" puts forth for the first time an encyclopedic portrait of a complex legend.
Mark Schroeder presents an original theory of reasons for action. This theory is broadly Humean, in holding that reasons for action are instrumental, or explained by desires. Slaves of the Passions will be essential reading for anyone interested in metaethics, practical reason, or explanatory moral theory.
Bach's dialogue with modernity : perspectives on the passions
On pascha : with the fragments of Melito and other material related to the Quartodecimans
The Passion of Christ
Matthäus-Passion : St. Matthew passion BWV 244
Passion nach dem Evangelisten Johannes : Passion according to St. John
Matthäus-Passion BWV 244 : Basso I / II
Water passion after Saint Matthew
Markus-Passion : BWV247
Johannes-Passion : BWV 245
Bach's St. Matthew Passion : a closer look
Pseudo-Cyril of Jerusalem on the life and the passion of Christ : a Coptic apocryphon
Five graphic music analyses = (Fünf Urlinie-Tafeln)
Perpetua's passions : multidisciplinary approaches to the Passio Perpetuae et Felicitatis
Meditations on the incarnation, passion, and death of Jesus Christ
A study of the Penderecki St. Luke Passion
Passion and resurrection
Choral music of the church
The people's passion : a musical for Easter
Rick Wakeman's criminal record
Read by Protestants and Catholics alike, Catharina Regina von Greiffenberg (1633-94) was the foremost German woman poet and writer in the seventeenth-century German-speaking world. Privileged by her social station and education, she published a large body of religious writings under her own name to a reception unequaled by any other German woman during her lifetime. But once the popularity of devotional writings as a genre waned, Catharina's works went largely unread until scholars devoted renewed attention to them in the twentieth century." "For this volume, Lynne Tatlock translates for the first time into English three of the thirty-six meditations, restoring Catharina to her rightful place in print. These meditations foreground women in the life of Jesus Christ - including accounts of women at the Incarnation and the Tomb - and in Scripture in general. Tatlock's selections give the modern reader a sense of the structure and nature of Catharina's devotional writings, highlighting the alternative they offer to the male-centered view of early modern literary and cultural production during her day, and redefining the role of women in Christian history.
Identity formation of the modern lifestyle entrepreneur
Bach in Berlin : nation and culture in Mendelssohn's revival of the St. Matthew Passion
The passion and resurrection of Jesus Christ
Matthäus-Passion BWV 244 : Tenore I / II
Violinsoli aus den geistlichen Kantaten, Messen, Passionen und Oratorien = Violin solos from the sacred cantatas, masses, passions and oratorios : mit einer 2. Violinstimme für zwei Soli : nach dem Urtext der Neuen Bach-Ausgabe
Sacred soprano arias : with practical piano accompaniments by Bram Wiggins
Lukas-Passion nach einer Handschrift für Soli, Chor und Orchester (BWV 246) = Lukas-Passion based on a manuscript for Soli, Chorus and Orchestra (BWV 246)
Prophet, Son, Messiah : narrative form and function in Mark 14-16
The final days of Jesus : the archaeological evidence
St. Matthew Passion
The passion of Christ
The essential Bach choir
Pontius Pilate, anti-semitism, and the Passion in medieval art
St John Passion (Passio secundum Johannes, BWV 245) : for solo voices, SATB chorus and orchestra
The narratives of the Passion
The oratorio anthology. Tenor
The Passion : photography from the movie The passion of Christ
J. S. Bach's Johannine theology : the St. John Passion and the cantatas for spring 1725
Johannes-Passion
The essays de méditations poétiques of frère Zacharie de Vitré : a study in baroque poetics
Luke : artist and theologian : Luke's Passion account as literature
The oratorio anthology. Soprano
Bach's passions
St. Luke passion : sacred works
Lutheranism, anti-Judaism, and Bach's St. John Passion : with an annotated literal translation of the libretto
The world of the oratorio : oratorio, mass, requiem, Te Deum, Stabat Mater and large cantatas
The oratorio anthology. Baritone / Bass
The passion in art
Matthäus-Passion = St. Matthew Passion : Frühfassung, BWV244b
The little match girl passion
Choral music on record
About Bach
The music libel against the Jews
Johannespassion = Passio secundum Joannem : BWV 245 : Fassung 4 (1749)
Matthäus-Passion : St. Matthew Passion
Voicing the ineffable : musical representations of religious experience
Johann Sebastian Bach, St John Passion : genesis, transmission, and meaning
Lukaspassion 1744 / TVWV 5:29 : Chorpartitur
Hearing Bach's Passions
Choral music : a Norton Historical Anthology
Mel Gibson's Passion : the film, the controversy, and its implications
Slaves of the passions
Jesus, the final days
The greatest choral classics : eighteen of the best loved choruses for mixed voices
A homily on the passion of Christ attributed to Elishe
Jewish responsibility for the death of Jesus in Luke-Acts
Matthäus-Passion BWV 244 : Alto I / II
