http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17503 nuclear weapons
nuclear weapons
Treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons
Nuclear non-proliferation and global order
The atomic bazaar : the rise of the nuclear poor
Controlling the bomb : nuclear proliferation in the 1980s
Nuclear strategy and world security
The Camel Club
Without the bomb : the politics of nuclear nonproliferation
International nuclear proliferation : multilateral diplomacy and regional aspects
Strategy for tomorrow
Nuclear war, nuclear proliferation and their consequences : proceedings of the Vth international colloquium organized by the Groupe de Bellerive, Geneva 27-29 June 1985
On thermonuclear war
The superpowers and nuclear arms control : rhetoric and reality
Nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation in Northeast Asia
Uranium wars : the scientific rivalry that created the nuclear age
The third target
Nuclear weapons and international law
The U.S.-U.S.S.R. nuclear weapons balance
Atomic : the first war of physics and the secret history of the atom bomb 1939-49
American national security
A European non-proliferation policy : prospects and problems
Security with nuclear weapons? : Different perspectives on national security
Transparency in nuclear warheads and materials : the political and technical dimensions
A world destroyed : the atomic bomb and the grand alliance
Effects of nuclear war on health and health services
Barefoot Gen. Volume seven : Bones into dust / translated by Project Gen
Constructing national security : U.S. relations with India and China
The nuclear years : the arms race and arms control, 1945-70
Disarmament : who's against?
Hiroshima o sekai ni = The spirit of Hiroshima : An introduction to the Atomic Bomb Tragedy
Russia and postmodern deterrence : military power and its challenges for security
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
Living with the bomb
Ethics and nuclear deterrence
The decision to drop the bomb
The nuclear arms race - control or catastrophe?
Nuclear choices : a citizen's guide to nuclear technology
Nuclear export controls in Europe
Ethics and defence : power and responsibility in the nuclear age
An expensive place to die
Iran in crisis? : nuclear ambitions and the American response
Geography and social movements : comparing antinuclear activism in the Boston area
Seismological research requirements for a comprehensive test-ban monitoring system
U.S. nuclear weapons in Europe : issues and alternatives
Iran in the 21st century : politics, economics and conflict
The legality of nuclear weapons
Nuclear energy and nuclear weapon proliferation
Nuclear weapons and foreign policy
Barefoot Gen. Volume eight : Merchants of death
Towards 1995 : the prospects for ending the proliferation of nuclear weapons
The nuclear lion : what every citizen should know about nuclear power and nuclear war
The Devil's light
The first real world war and the emerging nuclear holocaust
The evolution of nuclear strategy
Soviet nuclear weapons policy : a research and bibliographic guide
The European missiles crisis : nuclear weapons and security policy
Nuclear policy and security on the eve of the 21st Century, St. Petersburg, Russia, June 1999 : conference reader
Tactical nuclear weapons in Europe : lessons from the past for the coming debate
Nuclear exits : countries foregoing the nuclear option
The illogic of American nuclear strategy
Strategic deterrence in a changing environment
War and peace : perspectives in the nuclear age
Iran and post-9/11 world order : reflections on Iranian nuclear programme
The Nuclear predicament : an introduction
The nuclear weapons world : who, how & where
Barefoot Gen. Volume six : writing the truth  / translated by Project Gen
Comprehensive study on nuclear weapons : report of the Secretary-General
The politics of nuclear consultation in NATO 1965-1980
Major powers' nuclear policies and international order in the 21st century
Nuclear showdown : North Korea takes on the world
Barefoot Gen. Volume four : out of the ashes / translated by Project Gen
The greatest power on earth : the story of nuclear fission
The nuclear seduction : why the arms race doesn't matter and what does
The bomb : nuclear weapons in their historical, strategic and ethical context
Towards a policy of no first use of nuclear weapons
Defending civil resistance under international law
Nuclear Iran : the birth of an atomic state
Postures for non-proliferation : arms limitation and security policies to minimize nuclear proliferation
The nuclear question : the United States and nuclear weapons, 1946-1976
Barefoot Gen. Volume five : the never ending war
War game / writer: Jack Thorne
Dr. Strangegod : on the symbolic meaning of nuclear weapons
The missing link? : nuclear proliferation and the international mobility of Russian nuclear experts
The Shell game
Barefoot Gen. Volume two : the day after / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
The nuclear age : from Hiroshima to star wars
World inventory of plutonium and highly enriched uranium, 1992
The treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons : a study based on the five principles of UN general assembly resolution 2028 (XX)
No-first-use
Language and the nuclear arms debate : nukespeak today
Operation Big : the race to stop Hitler's A-bomb
Trinity : a graphic history of the first atomic bomb
Captors of denuclearization? : Belarus, Kazakhstan, Ukraine, and nuclear disarmament
Arms control at sea
Nuclear law for a developing world : lectures given at the Training Course on the Legal Aspects of Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy, held by the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna, 16-26 April 1968.
European security, nuclear weapons and public confidence
Nuclear rivalry and international order
Secret weapons : technology, science and the race to win World War II
Strategic nuclear targeting
Has man a future?
[Collected works of Leo Szilard]. Vol. 3, Toward a livable world : Leo Szilard and the crusade for nuclear arms control
Tactical nuclear weapons : a perspective from Ukraine
Arctic rising
The CTBT and beyond
War or health? : a reader
The future of mankind
The second nuclear age : strategy, danger, and the new power politics
Crying forever : a nuclear diary
Facing the threat of nuclear weapons
Give me water : testimonies of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
South Koreans oppose war and nuclear weapons
Disarmament and nuclear weapons
1996 : disarmament at a critical juncture : panel discussions organized by the NGO Committee on Disarmament
Nuclear weapons : what you need to know
Stalin and the bomb : the Soviet Union and atomic energy, 1939-1956
The arms race at a time of decision : annals of Pugwash 1983
Life beyond the bomb : global stability without nuclear deterrence : papers... presented at a symposium organized by the Federal Armed Forces Office for Studies and Exercises... in April 1988 at Elmau Castle in Bavaria
Enforcing the laws of anarchical society : the case of Iran in the United Nations Security Council
Snake dance : journeys beneath a nuclear sky
Contributed articles presented in a one-day seminar in February 2008.
The Goldsboro Broken Arrow : The B-52 crash of january 24, 1961, and Its potential as a tipping point for nuclear war
Towards a sociology of the bomb : notes on the overvaluation of the object
Retribution
Hiroshima : the story of the first atom bomb
How to make up your mind about the bomb
Nagasaki : life after nuclear war
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
Iran's nuclear programme : towards de-esclation of a nuclear crisis
Israel and the bomb
Disarm or die : a disarmament reader for the leaders and the peoples of the world
Nuclear policies in Northeast Asia
1995 : a new beginning for the NPT ?
The "dual track" decision revisited
Preventing nuclear war : a realistic approach
Command and control
Hatchett and Lycett
The Hiroshima pilot
The Hiroshima murals : the art of Iri Maruki and Toshi Maruki
The changing face of terrorism : how real is the threat from biological, chemical and nuclear weapons?
Silent thunder : from the book "Te yo karate" (let these hands speak)
A European perspective on the concept of a nuclear freeze
'We ourselves were almost awestruck, not so much at the power of the bomb for this we had expected, but because the Americans had used it with so little notice.' R. V. Jones, head of wartime British scientific intelligence A professor of architecture at Cambridge University, Marcial Echenique, recently became curious when he found wiring concealed under the floorboards of his country mansion, Farm Hall in Godmanchester, Cambridgeshire. The mansion had an astonishing past as an MI6 and M1I9 staging post for some of the most daring secret operations of WWII. But in April, 1945, Farm Hall was to play an even more astounding role, as a 'country club' for ten of Germany's top nuclear physicists after they had been captured in Germany and secretly flown back to England in a daring raid codenamed Operation Big. Every word they uttered was bugged by MI6 eavesdroppers using the wires found by the Professor.
Reversing the arms race : how to achieve and verify deep reductions in the nuclear arsenals
Nuclear deterrence, morality and realism
Nuclear politics and the non-aligned movement
NBC 2003 : symposium proceedings
Published to coincide with the seventieth anniversary of the bombing of Nagasaki, a narrative of human resilience, told through first-hand experiences of five survivors, reveals the physical, emotional, and social challenges of post-atomic life.
On the brink : nuclear proliferation and the Third World
New weapon technologies & the ABM treaty
Barefoot Gen. Volume ten : Never give up
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
Hiroshima-Nagasaki : a pictorial record of the atomic destruction
Nuclear terrorism : the risks and consequences of the ultimate disaster
The Russian operational-tactical Iskander missile-system
Security, order, and the bomb : nuclear weapons in the politics and defence planning of non-nuclear weapon states
The atom bomb
Dark sun : the making of the hydrogen bomb
Nuclear arms and the law
The nuclear threat to global security
Radiation and society : comprehending radiation risk : proceedings of an International Conference on Radiation and Society : Comprehending Radiation Risk. Vol. 3, Addresses, papers and summaries of technical and forum discussions of the IAEA Conference, Paris, 24-28 October 1994
The militarisation of space
Nuclear deterrence and moral restraint : critical choises for American strategy
The nuclear non-profileration regime and Belarus, Kazakhstan and Ukraine
The trials
Negotiations for a CTBT 1958-1994 : analysis and evaluation of American policy
Conclusion (s. 239-247).
Before the fall-out : the human chain reaction from Marie Curie to Hiroshima
The right to conduct nuclear explosions : political aspects and policy proposals
The eidolon
Hunt the scorpion
The algebra of infinite justice
The untold history of the United States
Arms races : technological and political dynamics
The big bang : a history of explosives
Study on Israeli nuclear armament : report of the Secretary-General
Common sense and nuclear warfare
Churchill's bomb : a hidden history of Britain's first nuclear weapons programme
Complex deterrence : strategy in the global age
By the bomb's early light : American thought and culture at the dawn of the atomic age : with a new preface by the author
Russian strategic modernization : the past and future
Picturing the bomb : photographs from the secret world of the Manhattan project
Cold War secret nuclear bunkers : the passive defence of the western world during the Cold War
Mobilizing for peace : the antinuclear movements in Western Europe
Hunter killers : the dramatic untold story of the Royal Navy's most secret service
The winter fortress : the epic mission to sabotage Hitler's atomic bomb
The impossible state : North Korea, past and future
Bernard Brodie and the bomb : at the birth of the bipolar world
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
No exit : North Korea, nuclear weapons and international security
Life under a cloud : American anxiety about the atom
European non-proliferation policy 1993-1995
American lake : nuclear peril in the Pacific
The Manhattan project
Counsels of war
Technology and the proliferation of nuclear weapons
The dead hand : the untold story of the Cold War arms race and its dangerous legacy
Nuclear nightmares : securing the world before it is too late
The increment : a novel
Tactical nuclear weapons : options for control
Crisis in European defence : the next ten years
The making of the atomic bomb
Raising the stakes : the need for a more ambitious American policy towards Iran
Macroeconomics and programming
Against the state of nuclear terror
The concise untold history of the United States
The contours of America's cold war
The logic of nuclear terror
Super terrorism : biological, chemical, and nuclear
Security without nuclear weapons? : different perspectives on non-nuclear security
Who was fooling whom?
Defended to death : a study of the nuclear arms race
Viewing nuclear weapons through humanitarian lens
Barefoot Gen. Volume one : a cartoon story of Hiroshima / translated by Project Gen ; [with an introduction by Art Spiegelman]
The exploitation of space : policy trends in the military and commercial uses of outer space
Barefoot Gen. Volume nine : Breaking down borders
