http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17573 pension policy
pension policy
Work or retirement? : labour market and social policy for older workers in France, Great Britain, the Netherlands, Sweden and the USA
Finland's national pension strategy report 2005
Regulating employment and welfare : company and national policies of labour force participation at the end of worklife in industrial countries
The research programme of the Central Pension Security Institute
Linking retirement age to life expectancy : what happens to working lives and income distribution
Families and retirement
Pensions and pension funds in the making of a nation-state and a national economy : the case of Finland
Community care for older people : a comparative perspective
Ageing and pension reform around the world : evidence from eleven countries
Ageing and economic welfare
Summary (s. 6-9).
Sustaining social security
Abstract (1 s.).
The social security reform debate : in search of a new consensus : a summary
Uncertainty and optimal pension policy
An aging world : dilemmas and challenges for law and social policy : edited by John M. Eekelaar and David Pearl
Finnish labour market policy in trial : evaluation on the 1980's
Race for retirement
Adequate and sustainable pensions : synthesis report 2006
Pension politics : consensus and social conflict in ageing societies
Pension policy in an integrating Europe
Does Finland look landwards or seawards? : the development of the Finnish pension system in light of German and British trends in pension provision
Sweden: revisions of the public pension programmes
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipency states, Finland 1970-1997
The role of pension policy in promoting longer working careers of older people
Should old-age benefits be earnings-tested?
Joint report on pensions : progress and key challenges in the delivery of adequate and sustainable pensions in Europe
Transformation of pension systems in Central and Eastern Europe
This article is about the experience of population-related policies in Estonia. During the recent decade much has been published on this theme, usually with an analysis of currently enforced regulations. Repeated amendments of legal norms and procedures, which are inevitable in a period of fundamental reforms, however, tend to limit their value quite rapidly. Against such a background, this paper applies a longer perspective with an attempt to cover the main stages and turning points in the development of population-related policies in the country since the establishment of statehood in 1918. In the interwar period, the efforts to build up a modern nation included setting up relevant institutions and regulations in the ? eld of population-related policies. These undertakings have been seldom discussed in the recent publications. Somewhat similarly, the postwar decades are frequently regarded as fairly distant and of little relevance to present challenges. To understand the developments, however, the longer view should not be neglected. Todays concerns are rooted in the arrangements and disarrangements of the past, and no less importantly, such continuity is strengthened by the nature of population development and the ? ow of cohorts which absorb the in? uences of the societal environment and carry them along through their lifetime. The article is structured in four sections focusing on the development of marriage and the family, children and fertility, the pension system and social welfare, and the health care system. In each section, the aim is to outline successive policy regimes and their main characteristics in terms of objectives and methods of regulations. Understandably, limited space does not allow coverage of minor changes and technicalities, so for more speci? c information the article provides further reference to various source materials.  .
Pensions are no solution to the unemployment problem : analysis of the suggested introduction of lower retirement ages as a measure against unemployment
Adequate and sustainable pensions : joint report by the Commission and the Council
Old Europe? : demographic change and pension reform
From marginalism to institutionalism : distributional consequences of the transformation of the Finnish pension regime
Public pensions, pension reform and fiscal policy
Reforming pensions -  the OMC and mutual learning in an enlarged Europe
Executive summary (s. 15-17). - Sammanfattning (s. 19-21). - Tiivistelmä (s. 23-26). - Ágrip (s. 27-29).
Pension policies and public debt in dynamic CGE models
The Finnish pension system
Power over pensions : who should decide and how?
Pensions in Europe, European pensions : the evolution of pension policy at national and supranational level
Reconstructing old age : new agendas in social theory and practice
Welfare state and work : work disintensives of pension shemes
Privatising old-age security : Latin America and Eastern Europe compared
Reforms for an ageing society
Pension reform in Europe : process and progress
Transformation of the Estonian pension system : policy choices and policy outcomes
"This book explores the adoption of 'active ageing' policies by EU15 nations and the impact on older peoples' work and retirement policy options. It explores the labour market policies (including unemployment benefits, active labour market policies and partial pension receipt) and pension policies (pension principles, early retirement and incentives for deferral) adopted by these nations from the mid-1990s onwards, addressing three main questions. First, to what extent was the EU's vision of 'active ageing' adopted in EU15 nations between 1995 and 2010? Second, what was the nature of policy reforms in these nations over this time period? Finally, which sub-groups within the older age cohort were subject to active ageing policies in these countries? The data indicate convergence towards the EU-vision of active ageing is complex, with nations adopting a variety of different reforms and policy mixes, which in turn focus on different groups within the older age cohort." --
Effective retirement age in the earnings-related pension scheme in 1996-2003
Changing division of labour within the family and the responses of pension policy
Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Building social Europe through the open method of co-ordination
Pension policy responses to changing division of labour within the family
Age, work and social security
OECD questionnaire : country report of Finland
Citizens, elites and the welfare state : opinions on pension policy in Finland
The politics of welfare state reform in continental Europe : modernization in hard times
Reforming pensions : principles and policy choices
Pensions and pensioners' disposable income : trends in 1990-2005
Reinventing the retirement paradigm
European disability pension policies : 11 country trends 1970-2002
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Italy
Pension reform in six countries : what can we learn from each other?
Eläkkeellesiirtymisikä Suomen työeläkejärjestelmässä = Pensioneringsåldern inom arbetspensionssystemet i Finland = Effective retirement age in the Finnish earnings-related pension scheme
Summary (s. 6).
Executive summary (s. 7-9).
Taxation, incomplete markets, and social security : the 2000 Munich lectures
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion 2009 / : summary : Social inclusion, pensions, healthcare and long-term care
Maintaining prosperity in an ageing society
Reconstructing retirement : work and welfare in the UK and USA
Reforming worker protections: disability pensions in transformation
Current trends in disability pensions in Europe : proceedings from a seminar held in Helsinki on 8th April 2003
Britain's pensions crisis : history and policy
Three Danish predecessors to modern theories on old-age pensions : a contribution to the history of social policy doctrines
An overlapping-generations simulation model for the Lithuanian economy
The second-generation pension reforms in Latin-America
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Germany
How to define a pension scheme : a conceptual map to European pension systems
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : United Kingdom
Old-age pension reforms in the EU-15 countries at a time of retrenchment
Pension revolution : a solution to the pensions crisis
Retirement, work and pensions in ageing Korea
Revisiting the welfare state
Terminology in the pensions field : a translation-oriented terminological study of Finnish and UK pension terms
Pension policies in Lithuania : a dynamic general equilibrium analysis
Neighbours look at each other : Estonian and Finnish pension systems
Senior citizenship? : retirement, migration and welfare in the European Union
Population-related Policies in Estonia in the 20th Century: Stages and Turning Points
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : Uni ted States
Joint report on social protection and social inclusion 2009
The Sustainability of the European Social Model : EU Governance, Social Protection and Employment Policies in Europe
Ageing, demographic risks and pension reform
Need, citizenship or merit : public opinion or pension policy in Australia, Finland and Poland
Summary and conclusions.
For all these rights : business, labor, and the shaping of America's public-private welfare state
Pension schemes in the making : a comparative study of the Scandinavian countries
Gradual retirement in Sweden
Forced saving : mandating private retirement incomes
Active ageing in the European Union : policy convergence and divergence
Contribution to global environmental governance? : viewpoint from pension funds and United Nations Responsible Investment
EU and pensions: is there a need to develop a common pension policy?
Family, market and community : equity and efficiency in social policy
Working beyond 60 : key policies and practices in Europe
Engaging the law in China : state, society, and possibilities for justice
The new Swedish pension system
The handbook of West European pension politics
The labour outlook
Longevity is increasing : what about the retirement age?
Policy credibility in numerical overlapping generations model
Pension governance in Finland : a case study on public and private logics of governance in pension provision
Retirement is being 'reconstructed', with the UK following the US path of abolishing mandatory retirement and increasing state pension ages. This timely book assesses prospects for work and retirement at age 65-plus in the UK and US.
Retirement in the Nordic countries : prospects and proposals for reform
Lithuanian pension systems : alternatives and proposals for the future : a summary report by the Phare Study Group
Early retirement policy in the presence of competing exit pathways : evidence form policy reformers in Finland
Sharing experience in the enlarged Europe: pension reform
The retirement decision in OECD countries
Microeconometric analysis of the retirement decision : the Netherlands
Summary (s. 193-198). - Abstract: Making of national pension strategies and the European Union open method of co-operation.
Expectation of life in different labour market and pension recipiency states, Finland 1970-1997
Promises to keep : saving social security's dream
Class bases of universal social policy : pension policy attitudes in Finland
Ageing and development
