http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17577 silk
silk
Baroque and Rococo silks
Investigations of silk from Edsen-Gol and Lop-Nor
The art of painting on silk
Silk, mohair, cashmere and other luxury fibres
Reflections on silk : International Silk Forum '90 : International Silk Fair and Seminar, Hämeenlinna, Finland, 12-15 October 1990
The land of silk
Inspirational silk painting from nature
Step-by-step fabric painting
Silk painting : new ideas and textures
Beginner's guide to silk painting
Silk reeling and testing manual
Queen of silks
100% silk : kiinalaisen silkin tarina = kinesiska sidenets historia = the story of Chinese silk
Original designs for silk ribbon embroidery
Ribbon Renaissance : Artistry in Silk
International Silk Forum : 28 September - 13 October, 1988, Amsterdam, Helsinki : Nordic markets
Splendid silk ribbon embroidery : embellishing clothing, linens & accessories
IKAT : silks of central Asia
Silk and cotton : textiles from the Central Asia that was
IKAT : splendid silks of central Asia
The story of silk
Making silk flowers
Shibori for textile artists
Handbook on natural dyes for industrial applications
Songket : Malaysia's woven treasure
Painting on silk : images of africa
Seidengewebe des 18. Jahrhunderts : die Industrien in England und in Nordeuropa = 18th-Century Silks : the industries of England and Northern Europe
The art of painting on silk. Volume 3, Fashions
Biotechnology of silk
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 9, pt. 7-A, Madras. Handicrafts and artisans of Madras State, 1.
Baroque and rococo silks
The art of painting on silk. Volume 4, Potpourri
Chinese patterned silks : by Pauline Simmons
Decorating with silk & dried flowers : 80 arrangements using floral material of all kinds
Ikats : woven silks from central Asia : the Rau Collection
Silk for the Vikings
Silk dyeing and finishing handbook
Prussian mercantilism and the rise of the Krefeld silk industry; variations upon an eighteenth-century theme
Masterpieces of Chinese Silk Tapestry and Embroidery in the National Palace Museum
Sea of silk : a textile geography of women's work in medieval French literature
Step by step art school : painting on silk
China's southwestern silk road
When silk was gold : Central Asian and Chinese textiles
Silk painting : techniques and projects
Studies in Byzantine and Islamic silk weaving
Screen printing : a literature review
The book of silk
Inks based on inorganic nanomaterials for printed electronics applications
Return to the silk routes : current Scandinavian research on Central Asia
Silk painting : techniques and ideas
The woven silks of India
Silk painting : the art of decorating silk in 25 beautiful projects
Silk flowers : faux floral arrangaments for contemporary living
In search of scientific methods for conservation of historic silk costumes
How to paint on silk
Symbolic and decorative motifs of Korean silk : 1875-1975
The elegance of silk ribbon
Protein facts : fibrous proteins in cultural and natural history artifacts
All about silk : a fabric dictionary & swatchbook
Textiles in the Art Institute of Chicago
Dragons and silk from the forbidden city
Peinting flowers on silk
SFT Jubilee Conference : SILK- Different Aspects, 1st - 4th September 1997.
Understanding and improving the durability of textiles
History of silk
Shadow of the Silk Road
Silk road : monks, warriors & merchants on the Silk Road
The silk tree
Bizarre designs in silks : trade and traditions
Silk ribbon greetings cards
A complete guide to silk painting
Silk Ribbon Embroidery : Design and techniques
Chinese export art in the eighteenth century
The basics of traditional Chinese culture
Silk painting for fashion and fine art : techniques for making ties, scarves, dresses, decorative pillows, and fine art paintings
Abrbandi : Ikats of Central Asia : from the collection of the Islamic Arts Museum Malaysia
The silkworm and the dragon
Handbook of fiber chemistry
Silk florals for the holidays
Ageing and conservation of silk : evaluation of three support methods using artificially aged silk
The art of painting on silk. Volume 2, Soft furnishings
The art of painting on silk. Vol. 1
Chinese silk : a cultural history
Census of India, 1961. Vol. 15, pt. 7-A, Uttar Pradesh. Handicrafts survey monograph, 7.
Byzantine silk weaving : AD 400 to AD 1200
Silk "paper" creations : for the fibre artist
Ipek : imperial Ottoman silks and velvets
Dragons of silk, flowers of gold : a group of Liao-Dynasty textiles at the Abegg-Stiftung
Summary: With reference to products of India.
Take silk : guide to silk paper for the creative fibre artist
Sensational silk : A handbook for sewing silk and silk-like fabrics
Silk paper : for textile artists
The silk factory
Creative silk painting
Advances in textile biotechnology
Kashmir: its new silk industry : with some account of its natural history, geology, sport, etc., and with forty-five full-plate illustrations of Kashmir scenery, and of sport, industry, fossils, etc., also notes of a visit to the silk-producing districts of Bengal in 1885-6
On the mechanics of regummed Bombyx mori silk composites
Silk ribbon embroidery : Designs and techniques
The silk road : from Xi'an to Kashgar
An economic history of the silk industry, 1830-1930
Summaries
Chinese art. Volume 1
A golden souvenir of the Silk Road
Chemical processing of silk
Images of Africa : painting on silk
SFT Jubilee Conference 1st-4th September 1997 : Silk - different aspects
Silk designs of the eighteenth century : from the Victoria and Albert Museum, London
Silken threads lacquer thrones : Lan Na court textiles
A taste for the exotic : foreign influences on early eighteenth-century silk designs
The Chinese Embroidery Art
The art of painting on silk. Volume 1
Suzhou embroidery  = Suzhou ci xiu
Silk painting : the artist's guide to gutta and wax resist techniques
Culture and sericulture : social anthropology and development in South Indian livestock industry
Imperial silks : Ch'ing dynasty textiles in the Minneapolis Institute of Arts
Painting flowers on silk
Central Asian textiles and their contexts in the early Middle Ages
Silk painting : Techniques and ideas
Silk route by rail
Chinese art. Volume one
