http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17516 historical sociology
historical sociology
For Weber : essays on the sociology of fate
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 8, Culture and progress
Enriching the sociological imagination : how radical sociology changed the discipline
A historical sociology of childhood : developmental thinking, categorization and graphic visualization
Axial civilizations and world history
Marc Bloch, sociology and geography : encountering changing disciplines
The people's Jesus : trajectories in early Christianity
On collective memory
History and social theory
Christianity and social systems : historical constructions and ethical challenges
The  state and international relations
Societies of peace : matriarchies past, present and future : selected papers, first World Congress on Matriarchal Studies, 2003, second World Congress on Matriarchal Studies, 2005
Reflexive historical sociology
The culture of the market : historical essays
First World War : still no end in sight
Finnish summary.
Echoes : contemporary art at the age of endless conclusions
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 2, The taxi-dance hall : a sociological study on commercialized recreation and city life
Remaking modernity : politics, history, and sociology
The crisis of global modernity : Asian traditions and a sustainable future
The wealth of states : a comparative sociology of international economic and political change
World-systems analysis : an introduction
The subject of liberation in the work of Michel Foucault
Passages from antiquity to feudalism
"In this work of historical sociology, I explore various Asian social and cultural responses - actual and potential - to the unsustainable nature of global modernity as we have known it. While the period of this study covers the last hundred years or so, I range back in time to better understand these responses in our present moment that is characterized by three global changes: i)the rise of non-Western powers, ii); the loss of authoritative sources of transcendence (eg Marxism or religion) and iii) the looming crisis of planetary sustainability"--
Plurality and progress : modernity in political philosophy and historical sociology
Societies made up of history : essays in historiography, intellectual history, professionalisation, historical social theory & proto-industrialisation
The laws of history
The sources of social power. Volume 4, Globalizations, 1945-2011
Negotiating community and difference in medieval Europe : gender, power, patronage, and the authority of religion in Latin Christendom
Didactic aspect in the fairy tales of George MacDonald
Handbook on evolution and society : toward an evolutionary social science
Historical materialism : a system of sociology
For Durkheim : essays in historical and cultural sociology
This wide-ranging study focuses upon the controversies surrounding the meaning and significance of Social Darwinism. It clarifies the nature of Social Darwinism and its relationship to the ideas of Darwin, Lamarck and Herbert Spencer. After examining the development of Social Darwinist theories by a number of European and American thinkers, Mike Hawkins explores the use of these theories in a number of ideological debates and movements of the period 1860â€“1945. These include socio-political reform, national and racial conflict, eugenics, the position of women and Nazism/Fascism. The aim is to illuminate, through detailed comparative analyses, both the flexibility and the limits of Social Darwinism - limits which derive from the view of nature which lies at the very heart of Social Darwinism. The study concludes with a discussion of modern sociobiology in order to assess the continuing vitality of Social Darwinism.
Christian origins and the ancient economy
The sociology of Norbert Elias
In the name of God : the making of global Christianity
How economics forgot history : the problem of historical specificity in social science
Europe : early modern and modern
"In this major new study, Prasenjit Duara expands his influential theoretical framework to present circulatory, transnational histories as an alternative to nationalist history. Duara argues that the present day is defined by the intersection of three global changes: the rise of non-western powers, the crisis of environmental sustainability and the loss of authoritative sources of what he terms transcendence - the ideals, principles and ethics once found in religions or political ideologies. The physical salvation of the world is becoming - and must become - the transcendent goal of our times, but this goal must transcend national sovereignty if it is to succeed. Duara suggests that a viable foundation for sustainability might be found in the traditions of Asia, which offer different ways of understanding the relationship between the personal, ecological and universal. These traditions must be understood through the ways they have circulated and converged with contemporary developments"--
What is historical sociology?
Christ identity : a social-scientific reading of Philippians 2.5-11
The politics of regret : on collective memory and historial responsibility
Social inequality in the world of the text : the significance of ritual and social distinctions in the Hebrew Bible
Violence, vulnerability and embodiment : gender and history
The practice of hope : ideology and intention in First Thessalonians
Historical methods in the social sciences. Vol. 3, The logic of historical-sociological inquiry
The history of suicide in England 1650-1850. Pt 2, volumes 5-8
The early sociology of culture. Vol. 7, The elements of folk psychology: outlines of a psychological history of the development of mankind
The city
Studying aging and social change : conceptual and methodological issues
Informalization : manners and emotions since 1890
Max Weber's comparative-historical sociology today : major themes, mode of causal analysis, and applications
The modern-world system. 4, Centrist liberalism triumphant, 1789-1914
Social theory and social history
Aging in the past : demography, society, and old age
Ideology and social order
Handbook of historical sociology
Comparative archaeologies : a sociological view of the science of the past
Social distinctives of the Christians in the first century : pivotal essays
The Galatians debate : contemporary issues in rhetorical and historical interpretation
Max Weber : an intellectual portrait
The making of the self : ancient and modern asceticism
Max Weber's comparative-historical sociology
The sources of social power. Vol. 2, The rise of classes and nation-states, 1760-1914
Historical sociology
Merchant, soldier, sage : a new history of power
Working-class culture : studies in history and theory
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
A Sociohistorical View of Cultural Policies
The expansion of social history that took place in the twentieth century has produced some of the most exciting works in the field of historical studies. As the range of the social historian's concerns has grown, so has the range of methodologies and theoretical approaches they employ. Historians have made greater use of the theoretical insights of social scientists, and boundaries between the disciplines have become blurred as a consequence. Social Theory and Social History: - covers the major developments within social history - offers an introduction to the most important social theorists - discusses the relationship between history and the social sciences - considers the use of theory in the writing of history - examines current debates within historiography In this concise introductory guide, Donald M. MacRaild and Avram Taylor explore the complex relationship between social theory and social history, arguing that an awareness of the relation between the two is the key to a deeper understanding of the process of historical change.
Bourdieu and historical analysis
Vision and method in historical sociology
Marvels and tales : Journal of fairy-tale studies. Vol. 16, No. 2, Jack Zipes and the sociohistorical study of fairy tales
Evolution and society : a study in Victorian social theory
Metaphor and history : the Western idea of social development
The family in life and in death : the family in ancient Israel : sociological and archaeological perspectives
Historical methods in the social sciences. Vol. 4, Social worlds in flux : legacies and transformations
Historical sociology : a Rokkanian approach to Eastern European development
Transformations of patriarchy in the west, 1500-1900
The iron cage : an historical interpretation of Max Weber
The history of suicide in England 1650-1850. Pt 1, volumes 1-4
Critical and effective histories : Foucault's methods and historical sociology
Approaching society : from theoretical to empirical sociology
Beyond the cultural turn : new directions in the study of society and culture
Accidents in history : injuries, fatalities and social relations
The historical formation and development of Estonian cultural policy : tracing the development of Estonian community houses (rahvamaja)
Social Darwinism in European and American thought, 1860-1945 : nature as model and nature as threat
Archaeology, as with all of the social sciences, has always been characterized by competing theoretical propositions based on diverse bodies of locally acquired data. In order to fulfill local, regional expectations, different goals have been assigned to the practitioners of Archaeology in different regions. These goals might be entrenched in local politics, or social expectations behind cultural heritage research.This comprehensive book explores regional archaeologies from a sociological perspective—to identify and explain regional differences in archaeological practice, as well as their existing similarities. This work covers not only the currently-dominant Anglo-American archaeological paradigm, but also Latin America, Western and Eastern Europe, Asia, and Africa, all of which have developed their own unique archaeological traditions. The contributions in this work cover these "alternative archaeologies," in the context of their own geographical, political, and socio-economic settings, as well as the context of the currently accepted mainstream approaches.
The Hasmoneans : ideology, archaeology, identity
Eyal Regev presents an inter-disciplinary analysis of the Hasmoneans: How they perceived themselves and their role in Jewish history, and how they wanted to be perceived by their subjects. By exploring the ways—some common among ancient monarchies, others unique—in which the Hasmoneans shored up their authority, the author reveals the deliberate and innovative construction of a national politico-religious ideology. Regev discusses the Hasmoneans' use of Temple and its cult, government and subsequent kingship, and their symbolic representations as reflected in their coins and palaces in comparison with contemporary Hellenistic kingdoms. The volume uncovers the cultural and social character of the Hasmoneans as rulers as well as of their state or kingdom. Merging historical sources with archaeological findings, Jewish perspectives and Hellenistic settings, a traditional text-oriented, historical-critical method with comparative and socio-anthropological approaches, The Hasmoneansaims to be the defining work on the cultural and social character of the priestly family that forms one of Jewish history's most inspiring and instructive chapters.
Resentment in history
Reading Romans in Pompeii : Paul's letter at ground level
Historical methods in the social sciences
Denmark in the world
Historical methods in the social sciences. Vol. 2, Foundations of historical-sociological inquiry
Historical dynamics : why states rise and fall
The sources of social power. Vol. 1, A history of power from the beginning to AD 1760
"Sociology began as a historical discipline, created by Marx, Weber and others, to explain the emergence and consequences of rational, capitalist society. Today, the best historical sociology combines precision in theory-construction with the careful selection of appropriate methodologies to address ongoing debates across a range of subfields. This innovative book explores what sociologists gain by treating temporality seriously, what we learn from placing social relations and events in historical context. In a series of chapters, readers will see how historical sociologists have addressed the origins of capitalism, revolutions and social movements, empires and states, inequality, gender and culture. The goal is not to present a comprehensive history of historical sociology; rather, readers will encounter analyses of exemplary works and see how authors engaged past debates and their contemporaries in sociology, history and other disciplines to advance our understanding of how societies are created and remade across time. This illuminating book is designed for use in graduate and advanced undergraduate courses as an introduction to historical sociology and as a guide to employing historical analysis across the discipline." --Publisher's website.
Moral codes and social structure in ancient Greece : a sociology of Greek ethics from Homer to the Epicureans and Stoics
The rise of historical sociology
Logics of history : social theory and social transformation
Historical sociology of international relations
