http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17661 compilation of statistics
compilation of statistics
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2005.
Eurostat-OECD methodological manual on purchasing power parities
Supplement for near east : programme for the 1990 world census of agriculture
Correspondence table between the standard international trade classification of the United Nations (SITC) and the standard foreign trade classification of the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (SFTC)
Woman entrepreneurship in the Nordic countries. Vol. 2, Country reports: Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
Just plain data analysis : finding, presenting, and interpreting social science data
Sample-based fishery surveys : a technical handbook
Do statistics document the history of cities?
Wistat : women's indicators and statistics database (version 3) : users guide and reference manual
Blue book of commercial sector : annual report on China's commercial sector (2009-2010)
Collecting data on livestock
Improvement of statistics on the outflow of trained personnel from developing to developed countries : a technical report
Social statistics and social reporting in and for Europe
System of structural indicators
Mastering statistical process control : a handbook for performance improvement using cases
Some facts about Lithuanian department of statistics 1995.
Indirect techniques for demographic estimation
Suomen tilastoalueet = Finlands statistiska regioner = Statistical regions of Finland
Microcomputer-based data processing : 1990 World Census of Agriculture
Provisional guidelines on standard international age classifications
Using statistics in small-scale language education research : focus on non-parametric data
Analysing poverty in the European Community : policy issues, research options and data sources
Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system
Standard country or area codes for statistical use
Mastering statistics
Indirect techniques for demographic estimation : manual X.
International recommendations for industrial statistics
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2001.
Error and the growth of experimental knowledge
Labour statistics for a market economy : challenges and solutions in the transition countries of central and eastern europe and the former Soviet Union
Handbook of household surveys
Statistics of air quality : some methods
Statistical data editing. Vol. no. 1, Methods and techniques
Supplement for Europe : programme for the 1990 World Census of Agriculture
The essence of statistics for business
Lean Six sigma statistics : calculating process efficiencies in transactional projects
Regression modeling strategies : with applications to linear models, logistic and ordinal regression and survival analysis
Definition of registered unemployed
"Did you know that baseball players whose names begin with the letter "D" are more likely to die young? Or that Asian Americans are most susceptible to heart attacks on the fourth day of the month? Or that drinking a full pot of coffee every morning will add years to your life, but one cup a day increases the risk of pancreatic cancer? All of these "facts" have been argued with a straight face by credentialed researchers and backed up with reams of data and convincing statistics. As Nobel Prize-winning economist Ronald Coase once cynically observed, "If you torture data long enough, it will confess." Lying with statistics is a time-honored con. In Standard Deviations, economics professor Gary Smith walks us through the various tricks and traps that people use to back up their own crackpot theories. Sometimes, the unscrupulous deliberately try to mislead us. Other times, the well-intentioned are blissfully unaware of the mischief they are committing. Today, data is so plentiful that researchers spend precious little time distinguishing between good, meaningful indicators and total rubbish. Not only do others use data to fool us, we fool ourselves. With the breakout success of Nate Silver's The Signal and the Noise, the once humdrum subject of statistics has never been hotter. Drawing on breakthrough research in behavioral economics by luminaries like Daniel Kahneman and Dan Ariely and taking to task some of the conclusions of Freakonomics author Steven D. Levitt, Standard Deviations demystifies the science behind statistics and makes it easy to spot the fraud all around"--
Unemployment duration and attrition
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2006.
Woman entrepreneurship in the Nordic countries. Vol. 1
The production of national statistics in a context of Europecal internationalism and standardization
European workshop on using administrative data in population and housing censuses : Helsinki, Finland, 9-11 October 1995.
Yugoslavia : a fractured federalism : papers from a conference held September 4-6, 1986, at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, in Washington
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 1999-2000, Suomen tilastoseuran juhlakirja
Environmental statistics, assesment, and forecasting
Rahoitusvaateiden luokitus = Klassificering av finansobjekt = Classification of financial assets and liabilities
Social welfare and health care statistics and registers in NAWH
Statistics of environmental economics : a methodological approach : Finland, Hungary, Sweden
Papers and final report
Strategies for price and quantity measurement in external trade : a technical report
Statistical inference from band recovery data : a handbook
Statistics Finland : guidelines on professional ethics
A First Course in Quality Engineering : Integrating Statistical and Management Methods of Quality
Recording industry in numbers : the definitive source of global music market information
Statistical data editing. Vol. no. 2, Methods and techniques
Information through Sherds : a case study of the early glazed earthenware from Dalby, Scania
Figures for food in Africa : proceedings of the workshop 'statistics in support of African food policies and strategies', Brussels, 13 to 16 May 1986.
Quality guidelines for official statistics
The statistical mechanics of financial markets
International outcome measures in mental health : quality of life, needs, service satisfaction, costs and impact on carers
Integrated environmental information systems in support of decision-making on the oblast level in Russia : seminar I, January 24-25, 1995 ; Development of the unified state environmental monitoring system in the Russian Federation : seminar II, January 26, 1995.
Bookkeeping and compiling agricultural statistics in Finland
Statistics Finland's social statistics strategy
Classification of the functions of government
Recent and future regional climate variations in Sweden in relation to large-scale climate
Statistics for managers using Microsoft Excel
Abstract: Statistics measurement definition work to Nokia TETRA system.
EViews 5 user's guide
Finlands cultural statistics : meeting of experts : Helsinki, 6 October 1988 : seminar report
The basic practice of statistics
Sustainable development and natural resource accounting
The social sciences of quantification : from politics of large numbers to target-driven policies
Report of the CFU/FAO Fisheries Statistics and Data Management Workshop : University of the West Indies, Cave Hill Campus, Barbados, 10-22 March 2003.
A basic course in statistics
Standard deviations : flawed assumptions, tortured data, and other ways to lie with statistics
Urban informal sector information : needs and methods
Elements of statistical disclosure control
Understanding basic statistics : Concepts and methods
International measurement of disability : purpose, method and application : the work of the Washington Group
Statistical practice in business and industry
Statistics for biomedical science
Rahoitusvaadeluokitus 1996 = Classification of financial assets and liabilities
1980 World census of agriculture : methodological review
The ECHP study in Finland : quality report
Just Plain Data Analysis teaches students statistical literacy skills that they can use to evaluate and construct arguments about public affairs issues grounded in numerical evidence. The book addresses skills that are often not taught in introductory social science research methods courses and that are often covered sketchily in the research methods textbooks: where to find commonly used measures of political and social conditions; how to assess the reliability and validity of specific indicators; how to present data efficiently in charts and tables; how to avoid common misinterpretations and misrepresentations of data; and how to evaluate causal arguments based on numerical data. With a new chapter on statistical fallacies and updates throughout the text, the new edition teaches students how to find, interpret, and present commonly used social indicators in an even clearer and more practical way.
Hungarian theatre at the millennium
Oslo manual : guidelines for collecting and interpreting innovation data : a joint publication of OECD and Eurostat
Introduction to statistical methods for clinical trials
Geographical information systems for population statistics
Social statistics and social reporting in the Nordic countries
Statistics in society : the arithmetic of politics
Business deployment : a leaders' guide for going beyond lean Six Sigma and the balanced scorecard
Recent developments in the analysis of large-scale data sets : proceedings of a seminar held in Luxembourg 16-18.11.1983
Statistical tables for science, engineering, management and business studies
Business statistics : a decision-making approach
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2002.
The mutual construction of statistics and society
Productivity surveys
Report of the Second Technical Consultation on the Suitability of the CITES Criteria for Listing Commercially-exploited Aquatic Species : Windhoek, Namibia, 22-25 October 2001 = Rapport de la Deuxième consultation technique sur la pertinence des critères d'établissement de la liste des espèces aquatiques faisant l'objet d'une exploitation commerciale au titre de la CITES : Windhoek, Namibie, 22-25 octobre 2001 = Informe de la Segunda consulta técnica sobre la idoneidad de los criterios de la CITES para la lista de especies acuáticas explotadas comercialmente : Windhoek, Namibia, 22-25 de octubre de 2001.
Concepts and methods in energy statistics, with special reference to energy accounts and balances : a technical report
The Community labour force survey in the 1990s : proceedings of the seminar 'The Community Labour Force Survey in the 1990s', Luxembourg, October 1987
Social welfare and health care statistics and registers in STAKES
Statistika kot orodje in vir za kreiranje znanja uporabnikov : zbornik Radenci, 24.-26. november 2003 = Statistics as a tool and source for users' knowledge creation : proceedings Radenci, 24-26 November 2003
A framework for the development of environment statistics
Basic statistics for the health sciences
Sampling methods for agricultural surveys
Recommendations for the 1983 world programme of industrial statistics. Part 2, Organization and conduct of industrial censuses
Manual for better training statistics : conceptual, measurement and survey issues
Zero inflated models and generalized linear mixed models with R
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2004.
Developing of management business
Eesti terviseuuring : metodoloogiaülevaade = Estonian health interview survey : methodological report
International comparisons of sports participation in european countries : an update of the COMPASS project
Indirect techniques for demographic estimation : manual X : a collaboration of the Population Division of the Department of International Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat with the Committee on Population and Demography of the National Research Council, United States National Academy of Sciences
Success in statistics
50 years of the conference of European statisticians
Recommendations for the 1983 world programme of industrial statistics. Part 1, General statistical objectives
Comparing the outsourced and insourced intrastat statistics in I-Valo Ltd
Strategy for economic statistics and measures proposed for 2008-2012
Methods in behavioral research
Seminar on Frontier Statistics in European Countries (surveys on inbound & outbound tourism) : WTO headquarters Madrid, 17-18th March 1998.
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2013-2014
Guidelines on statistics of tangible assets
Bulding web application for Mahabad University graduate affairs
Supplement for Africa : programme for the 1990 world census of agriculture
Dictionary of statistics & methodology : a nontechnical guide for the social sciences
Development of statistical expert systems : proceedings of the seminar 'Development of Statistical Expert Systems', Luxembourg, December 1987
Monthly panorama of European industry : special edition
Recent developments in regional and urban statistics : conference compendium : the 19th Conference on Regional and Urban Statistics, Helsinki 1994 = Développements récents en matiere de statistiques régionales et urbaines : dossier complet de la conférence : 19e Conférence pour les statistiques régionales et urbaines
Forest products statistical information systems of EU and EFTA
Eurostat : European official statistics : a guide to databases
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2003.
Information and documentation : international library statistics
Monthly panorama of European industry. Special ed
Suomen tilastoseuran vuosikirja = Årsbok för Statistiska samfundet i Finland = The yearbook of the Finnish Statistical Society. 2007.
Legal framework for European statistics : the statistical law
Supplement to the report on the 1990 World Census of Agriculture : international comparison and primary results by country (1986-1995)
Information systems architecture for national and international statistical offices : guidelines and recommendations
Compiling social indicators on the situation of women
Distributed statistics in radio network controller
Q2010 Helsinki : European Conference on Quality in official statistics, 3-6 May 2010, Helsinki, Finland : abstracts
"Assuming no familiarity with statistical methods, this text for language education research methods and statistics courses provides detailed guidance and instruction on principles of designing, conducting, interpreting, reading, and evaluating statistical research done in classroom settings or with a small number of participants. While three different types of statistics are addressed (descriptive, parametric, non-parametric) the emphasis is on non-parametric statistics because they are appropriate when the number of participants is small and the conditions for use of parametric statistics are not satisfied. The emphasis on non-parametric statistics is unique and complements the growing interest among second and foreign language educators in doing statistical research in classrooms. Designed to help students and other language education researchers to identify and use analyses that are appropriate for their studies, taking into account the number of participants and the shape of the data distribution, the text includes sample studies to illustrate the important points in each chapter and exercises to promote understanding of the concepts and the development of practical research skills. Mathematical operations are explained in detail, and step-by-step illustrations in the use of R (a very powerful, online, freeware program) to perform all calculations are provided.A Companion Website extends and enhances the text with Power Point presentations illustrating how to carry out calculations and use R; practice exercises with answer keys; data sets in Excel MS-DOS format; and quiz, midterm, and final problems with answer keys"--
