http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17605 cognitive grammar
cognitive grammar
Concept, image, and symbol : the cognitive basis of grammar
Toward a cognitive semantics. Volume 1, Concept structuring systems
Language and ideology. Vol. 2, Descriptive cognitive approaches
Cognitive foundations of interpretation : proceedings of the Colloquium, 27-28 October, 2004
Cognitive linguistics today
New directions in cognitive linguistics
On cognitive and affective factors in grammatical processing
Cognitive perspectives on language
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
How verbs denote : show and TIME
Holistic meaning and cognition
Âzyk i mysl' : sovremennaâ kognitivnaâ lingvistika = Language and thought : contemporary cognitive linguistics
Cognitive semantics and deictic reference
Noam Chomsky and language descriptions
Foundations of cognitive grammar. Vol. 1, Theoretical prerequisites
Proper names and their categorical presupposition
Semantics : a cognitive account of linguistic meaning
The extent of the literal : metaphor, polysemy and theories of concepts
Cognitive poetics : an introduction
Language, mind and brain : some psychological and neurological contraints on theories of grammar
Metaphor and metonymy in comparison and contrast
A conceptual analysis of English -er nominals
Meaning and cognition : a multidisciplinary approach
Textual choices in discourse : a view from cognitive linguistics
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Cognitive poetics : goals, gains, and gaps
A corpus-based study on the degrees of lexicalization and grammaticalization of Finnish converbs
Grammar and conceptualization
Introduction : Grammar from the human perspective
Cognitive foundations of grammar
Studies in language and cognition
Conceptual metonymy and lexicographic representation
Roman social imaginaries : language and thought in contexts of empire
Cognitive grammar : a basic introduction
The cognitive linguistics reader
Cognitive linguistics : current applications and future perspectives
Possessives in English : an exploration in cognitive grammar
"CDS is a multifarious field constantly developing different methodological frameworks for analysing dynamically evolving aspects of language in a broad range of socio-political and institutional contexts. This volume is a cutting edge, interdisciplinary account of these theoretical and empirical developments. It presents an up-to-date survey of Critical Discourse Studies (CDS), covering both the theoretical landscape and the analytical territories that it extends over. It is intended for critical scholars and students who wish to keep abreast of the current state of the art. The book is divided into two parts. In the first part, the chapters are organised around different methodological perspectives for CDS (history, cognition, multimodality and corpora, among others). In the second part, the chapters are organised around particular discourse types and topics investigated in CDS, both traditionally (e.g. issues of racism and gender inequality) and only more recently (e.g. issues of health, public policy, and the environment). This is, altogether, an essential new reference work for all CDS practitioners"--
Advances in cognitive sociolinguistics
Children's metalinguistic awareness in L1 and L2 : sociocognitive perspective
Cognitive linguistics investigations : across languages, fields and philosophical boundaries
Studies in cognitive corpus linguistics
Contemporary critical discourse studies
A cognitive linguistic view of learning idioms in an FLT context
Alternative linguistics : descriptive and theoretical modes
Cognitive linguistics in critical discourse analysis : application and theory
Cognitive and communicative approaches to linguistic analysis
Noun/Verb functional shift : a cognitive analysis
Cognitive linguistics
Universal semantic primes of space : a lost cause?
The English change network : forcing changes into schemas
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 2
How words mean : lexical concepts, cognitive models and meaning constructions
Metaphor, metonymy and experientalist philosophy : challenging cognitive semantics
Toward a cognitive semantics. Volume 2, Typology and process in concept structuring
Local cases in Finnish and their equivalents in English
Construing experience through meaning : a language based approach to cognition
This accessible introduction to multimodality illuminates the potential of multimodal research for understanding the ways in which people communicate. Readers will become familiar with the key concepts and methods in various domains while learning how to engage critically with the notion of multimodality. The book challenges widely held assumptions about language and presents the practical steps involved in setting up a multimodal study, including: formulating research questions, collecting research materials, assessing and developing methods of transcription considering the ethical dimensions of multimodal research. A self-study guide is also included, designed as an optional stand-alone resource or as the basis for a short course.
Cognitive linguistics, language pedagogy, and the English present tense
Cognitive English grammar
Cognitive linguistics : an introduction
Spatial axes in language and conceptualization : The case of bidirectional constructions
Mental spaces : aspects of meaning construction in natural language
Twin-singleton differences among ESL students : a study of affective and cognitive factors at the age of 12
Cognitive poetics in practise
Investigations in cognitive grammar
Cognitive approaches to tense, aspect and epistemic modality
Introducing multimodality
A glossary of cognitive linguistics
Constructions in cognitive linguistics : selected papers from the Fifth International Cognitive Linguistics Conference, Amsterdam, 1997
Language and space
The Oxford handbook of cognitive linguistics
Diachronic prototype semantics : a contribution to historical lexicology
17th Scandinavian conference of linguistics. Vol. 1
Cognitive linguistics : basic readings
In recent years, research in cognitive linguistics has expanded its interests to cover a variety of texts - spoken, written, or multimodal. Analytical tools such as conceptual metaphor, frame semantics, mental spaces and grammatical constructions have been productively applied in various discourse contexts. In this volume, originally published as a special issue of "English Text Construction 3:2" (2010), the contributors, a mix of established and emerging authors in the field, analyse broadcast and print journalism, argumentative scientific discourse, radio lectures on music, and the main literary genres (the poetry of Szymborska and bpNichol, the drama of Shakespeare, the modernist prose of Virginia Woolf and recent fiction by John Banville). Collectively the findings suggest a need to broaden and refine the cognitive linguistic repertoire, while also uncovering new ways to interpret textual data. The book will appeal to researchers and graduate students with interests in cognitive poetics and linguistics, stylistics, pragmatics and construction grammar.
Language of interaction in online shopping
Corpora in cognitive linguistics : corpus-based approaches to syntax and lexis
Corpus, cognition and causative constructions
Mental spaces : aspects of meaning : construction in natural language
The passive in German : the view from cognitive grammar
Does morphological richness entail increased cognitive effort? : psycholinguistic studies of Finnish
Grounding : the epistemic footing of deixis and reference
On cognitive and affective factors in grammatical processes
Agentivity in cognitive Grammar
Complementation : cognitive and functional perspectives
Quantity and style from a cognitive point of view
Meaning in mind and society : a functional contribution to the social turn in cognitive linguistics
Grammaticality as a response-dependent concept
Papers in Estonian cognitive linguistics
Mind design and minimal syntax
Cognition and representation in linguistic theory
The perception of space and the function of prepositions in English : a contribution to cognitive grammar
Cognitive linguistics : internal dynamics and interdisciplinary interaction
Cognitive grammar and Kurylowicz's laws of analogy
Construal in expression : an intersubjective approach to Cognitive Grammar
Metaphor : a psychoanalytica view
Words and other wonders : papers on lexical and semantic topics
Interfaces in linguistics : new research perspectives
