http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1763 crayfish industry
crayfish industry crab industry
Environmental impacts of trade liberalization and policies for the sustainable management of natural resources : a case study on Bangladesh's shrimp farming industry
Crayfish culture in Europe : report from the workshop on crayfish culture 16-19 November 1987, Trondheim, Norway
The biological and socio-economic aspects of prawn fishery in the Tanzanian coastal waters
Evaluation of shrimp by-products for pigs in Central Vietnam
Code of practice for fish and fishery products
Workshop on Bycatch, Particularly in Prawn Fisheries, and on the Implementation of an Ecosystem Approach to Fisheries Management : Maputo, Mozambique, 15-24 November 2005
There are four species of mud crab, Scylla serrata, S. tranquebarica, S. paramamosain and S. olivacea that are the focus of both commercial fisheries and aquaculture production throughout their distribution. They are among the most valuable crab species in the world, with the bulk of their commercial production sent live to market. This is the first FAO aquaculture manual on this genus, covering everything from its basic biology and aquaculture production, through to stock packaging and being ready to go to market. Information on mud crab biology, hatchery and nursery technology, grow-out systems, disease control, processing and packaging has been collated in this manual to provide a holistic approach to mud crab aquaculture production. Compared with other types of aquaculture, mud crab culture still has a large number of variants, including: the use of seedstock collected from the wild, as well as produced from a hatchery; farming systems that range from very extensive to intensive, monoculture to polyculture; and farm sites that vary from mangrove forests to well-constructed aquaculture ponds or fattening cages. As such, there is no one way to farm mud crabs, but techniques, technologies and principles have been developed that can be adapted to meet the specific needs of farmers and governments wishing to develop mud crab aquaculture businesses. Each of the four species of Scylla has subtly different biology, which equates to variations in optimal aquaculture production techniques. Where known and documented, variants have been identified, where not, farmers, researchers and extension officers alike may have to adapt results from other species to their mud crab species of choice and local climatic variables. Compared with many other species that are the subject of industrial scale aquaculture, mud crabs can still be considered to be at an early stage of development, as the use of formulated feeds for them is still in its infancy and little work has yet been undertaken to improve stock performance through breeding programmes.
Fisheries biology of the edible crab (Cancer pagurus) in the Kattegat and the Skagerrak : implications for sustainable management
The workshop received national reports and reviews concerning bycatch, sea turtle distribution, critical habitats, main sources of natural and man-induced mortality and conservation efforts. The use of turtle excluding devices and interactions between sea turtles and fisheries in the shrimp trawling was discussed. Two different methods of identifying ecosystem approach to fisheries issues and risk analysis in order to prioritize the issues were presented and tested.--Publisher's description.
Report of the Third Workshop on the Assessment of Shrimp and Groundfish Fisheries on the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Belém, Brazil, 24 May-10 June 1999
On-farm feeding and feed management in aquaculture
Report of the Meeting of Fisheries Managers and Ministers of the WECAFC Ad Hoc Working Group on Shrimp and Groundfish Resources in the Brazil-Guianas Shelf : Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, 26-29 March 2001
