http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17637 touch screen
touch screen
Beginning android application development
Teach yourself visually iPad
iPhone SDK programming : developing mobile applications for Apple iPhone and iPod Touch
Professional iPhone programming with MonoTouch and .NET/C#
iPad Application Development For Dummies?
Kids play : designing a touch screen game with children
iPad for seniors for dummies
Creative 3-D display and interaction interfaces : a trans-disciplinary approach
Opportunities and challenges of touch interfaces : Analysing mobile usability with heuristic evaluation
Music of the spheres : from prototyping to product realization
New Technology Productization in Mobile Devices from End-User's View
UbiHomeServer front-end to the ubiquitous home environment
The interactive multi-touch table
iPod touch for dummies
Apps for autism : an essential guide to over 200 effective apps for improving communication, behavior, social skills, and more!
"As the creator of such venerable games as God of War, the SpongeBob Squarepants series, and Pac-Man World, to name a few, Rogers writes from personal experience and in this unique book, he hands you the tools to create your own tablet games for the iPad, Android tablets, Nintendo DS, and other touchscreen systems. Covers the entire tablet game creation process, placing a special focus on the intricacies and pitfalls of touch-screen game design; Explores the details and features of tablet game systems and shows you how to develop marketable ideas as well as market your own games; Offers an honest take on what perils and pitfalls await you during a game's pre-production, production, and post-production stages; Features interviews with established tablet game developers that serve to inspire you as you start to make your own tablet game design"--Publisher description.
Your iPad at work
HCI beyond the GUI : design for haptic, speech, olfactory, and other nontraditional interfaces
Embedded system design of touch panel screen for IoT applications
Designing gestural interfaces : touchscreens and interactive devices
Exploring iPad for dummies
The iPad 2 pocket guide
Samsung Galaxy tabs for dummies
Coverage includes: Navigation, Alerts & Action Sheets & Modal Views, Custom Table Views, The Split View, Touch Events, Notification Processing, Networking Concepts, Multimedia, Application Preferences, Data Storage, The Pasteboard, Unit Testing, Performance Tuning and Optimization, 	Integrating iAds, Multitasking.
Incredible iPad Apps for dummies
Professional iPhone and iPad application development
Integration of complementary feature blocks in a mobile communication environment
Beginning iPhone 3 development  : exploring the iPhone SDK
iPod & iTunes for dummies
Rich media application in a touchscreen environment
Touch Screen Demo Board
Touch screen demo board
Designing of double-tap recognition hardware
Design of resistive touchscreen controller
If you're considering integrating the use of an iPad at work, this hands-on guide shows you step-by-step how to quickly and effectively create and interact with office documents and systems.
My iPod touch : [covers iOS4 and iPod touch, 4th gen]
Covers all the major options from native development to web application development -- Discusses major third party platform development acceleration tools, such as Appcelerator and PhoneGap -- Zeroes in on topics such as developing applications for Android, IOS, Windows Phone 7 and Blackberry.
iPad for Dummies
Brave NUI world : designing natural user interfaces for touch and gesture
iPad all-in-one for dummies
Touch the untouchable : looking for the Finnish identity
The rough guide to the iPad
Sam teach yourself iPad 2 in ten minutes
Teach yourself visually iPad 2
This work was done in a company named TactoTek, which is specialized in embedding electronic components into 3D molded plastic. The technology allows curved touch interfaces produced cost efficiently by integrating infrared transmitters and receivers into molded plastic. How to design an optical touch application that runs on a microcontroller of limited power and processing resources providing touch functionality that meets today’s standards. The basic concepts of infrared detection and the frustrated total internal reflection (FTIR) phenomenon are gone through. The SW and HW architecture, signal processing and algorithms are described at high level. A prototype device was developed with PC connectivity in order to read the runtime data to be displayed in the signal monitoring application and to feed the algorithm on computer. A simulator SW was developed to explore different kinds of methods for calculating touch points. The best algorithm candidate was integrated in a microcontroller providing digital interface for host device communication. The prototype’s performance and accuracy was evaluated by using a robot tester and other manual measurement methods. In the end the prototype device was integrated in a cell phone with a rebuilt mechanics.The developed touch application has an accurate multi touch functionality and allows input to be given with gloved hands. In addition, a touch size, shape and relative pressure are calculated. This study proves that this technology has potential and it can compete with the existing technologies providing a good performance, accuracy and a multi-touch functionality. The challenge in the technology is the activation sensitivity compared to the capacitive, which does not need a physical contact for a touch activation. On the other hand the FTIR panel provides a more natural and secure input method for applications where unintentional touches should be avoided. This could be advantageous in consumer applications where usually buttons and switches have been used, for example household and automotive applications. In order to achieve an optimal solution, more studies are needed in the material, hardware and signal processing.
Ipad at work for dummies
"This book presents the best practices in mathematics education research and teaching practice by providing an account of current and future trends and issues in mobile mathematics learning and associated technologies and educational methodologies"--
User interaction experiences on the touchscreen mobile device
Integrating touch-enabled and mobile devices into contemporary mathematics education
Designing Antikythera : a tactile interactive poetry application for iPad
A step towards the future of wellbeing : pharmacy service design case
Swipe this! : the guide to great touchscreen game design
FTIR touch panel for a mobile device : architecture and prototype evaluation
iPhone and iPad App 24-hour trainer
Prototyping new interaction style : a case study in designing deformable mobile devices
Microsoft Office Professional 2013 for touch devices : plain and simple
iPhone open application development
Sams teach yourself iPad application development in 24 hours
Multi-touch implementation on the iPhone platform
iPod and iTunes for dummies
Physical browsing with NFC technology
FTIR TOUCH PANEL FOR A MOBILE DEVICE : Architecture and prototype evaluation
Sams teach yourself iPad in 10 minutes
iPad for the older and wiser : get up and running safely and quickly with the Apple iPad
Beginning iPhone 3 development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Ipad for dummies
Touchscreen / Lambert M. Surhone, Miriam T. Timpledon, Susan F. Marseken (Ed.)
iPad for dummies
Physical computing : sensing and controlling the physical world with computers
Android tablets for dummies
Take your iPad to work
iPad application development for dummies
Beginning iPad development for iPhone developers : mastering the iPad SDK
Ipod And Itunes
Home Automation Using Touch Screen
Professional iPhone and iPod touch programming : building applications for Mobile Safari
iPad For Dummies
Tabletops : horizontal interactive displays
Nordic Hug, Pure Form : Disinfection and Cleaning Packaging Solutions for Touch Screen Devices
iPad for the over 50s in simple steps
The iPad 2 project book : stuff you can fo with your iPad
Packs six minibooks in one full-color guide: iPad Basics, Just for Fun, iPad on the Go, Getting Productive with iWork, Using iPad to Get Organized, and Must-Have iPad Apps. Covers the newest iPad features, functions, and capabilities, including the stunning retina display, voice dictation, the enhanced iSight camera, HD video recording in full 1080p.
Kustantajan kuvaus: High quality content by WIKIPEDIA articles! A touchscreen is an electronic visual display that can detect the presence and location of a touch within the display area. The term generally refers to touch or contact to the display of the device by a finger or hand. Touchscreens can also sense other passive objects, such as a pen. However, if the object sensed is active, as with a light pen, the term touchscreen is generally not applicable. The ability to interact physically with what is shown on a display (a form of "direct manipulation") typically indicates the presence of a touchscreen.
Evaluating different touch-based interaction techniques in a public information kiosk
Välkky kirjastoauto : a service & interaction design concept
With even little or no prior programming experience, you can learn the code necessary to build an app by following the how-to instructions in this book-and-video combo. Comprised of clear, no-nonsense lessons, the book walks you through each tutorial and then encourages you to work through simple exercises so that you can immediately apply what you just learned. These lessons are backed by video demonstrations on the accompanying DVD to further illustrate the instruction and drive home the main points. In addition, the book's appendices contain helpful information such as obtaining a device UDID, testing, and distributing an app and also lists common reasons why applications are rejected, so you can prepare to take precautionary measures to avoid these instances.
Designing resistive touchscreen for mobile application
Practical Android projects
iPhone application development for dummies
iPhone SDK 3 programming : advanced mobile development for Apple iPhone and ipod touch
Beginning iPhone development : exploring the iPhone SDK
Holoptimus Prime : harnessing metaverse in education
iPad in simple steps
