http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17650 ideological organisations
ideological organisations
Nonprofit organizations that use volunteer work often have limited financial resources to invest in promotion or advertising and all extra costs are cut. Allianssi Youth Exchanges is one of these organizations. This research will study how Allianssi Youth Exchanges could optimize their active volunteer activities so that they would have a “win-win” situation with their active volunteers – both parties' benefits would be maximized. The reserarch question is: How to increase and optimize active volunteer engagement and motivation in Allianssi Youth Exchanges? The research question was approached, by looking into the motivational and de-motivational factors that affect motivation and engagement in volunteer work. The organization's side was also approached by asking how the organization could get the most out of their active volunteers. The theory framework dealt with volunteer management and active volunteerism. The empirical phase of the research was done in two stages. The first stage included qualitative interviews for Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers. The second stage involved benchmarking Allianssi Youth Exchanges' partner organizations through an e-mail inquiry. The key findings were that Allianssi Youth Exchanges' active volunteers are satisfied with their work, but are not used at their full capacity. The organization should focus more on personal contacts and diversity in activities for active volunteers.
The brand IDEA : managing nonprofit brands with integrity, democracy, and affinity
Optimizing active volunteer engagement and motivation in an internationally operating nonprofit organization : case: Allianssi Youth Exchanges
Management control in nonprofit organizations
Marketing management for nonprofit organizations
New public governance, the third sector and co-production
How nonprofits work : case studies in nonprofit organizations
Hybrid organizations and the third sector : challenges for practice, theory and policy
Arts and cultural programming : a leisure perspective
Cost-effectiveness in the nonprofit sector : methods and examples from leading organizations
Financial management for nonprofits : the complete guide to maximizing resources and managing assets
Nonprofit management : principles and practice
Management for social enterprise
