http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17689 medical centres
medical centres
Abstract.
Cardiovascular disease risk factors challenging primary care : the quality of risk factor recording and early prevention in primary care
Control in medical consultation : practices of giving and receiving the reason for the visit in primary health care
Consulting and referral patterns among general practitioners in Finland
Few faculty members in academic medical centers are formally prepared for their roles as teachers. This work is an introductory text designed to provide medical teachers with the core concepts of effective teaching practice and information about innovations for curriculum design, delivery and assessment. It offers brief, focused chapters with content that is assimilated easily by the reader. The topics are relevant to basic science and clinical teachers and the work does not presume readers possess prerequisite knowledge of education theory or instructional design. The authors emphasize the application of concepts to teaching practice. Topics include: Facilitating Student Learning; Teaching Large Groups; Teaching in Small Groups; Flipping the Classroom; Problem-Based Learning; Team-Based Learning; Teaching Clinical Skills; Teaching with Simulation; Teaching with Practicals and Labs; Teaching with Technological Tools; Teaching to Develop Scientific Engagement in Medical Students; Designing a Course; Establishing and Teaching Elective Courses; Designing Global Health Experiences; Assessing Student Performance; Documenting the Trajectory of Your Teaching and Teaching as Scholarship. This is a complete revision of the first edition of this work with new chapters and up to date information. Similar to the first edition, chapters were written by leaders in medical education and research who draw upon extensive professional experience and the literature on best practices in education. Although designed for teachers, the work reflects a learner-centered perspective and emphasizes outcomes for student learning. The book is accessible and visually interesting and the work contains information that is current, but not time-sensitive. Each chapter concludes with references, many include recommendations for additional reading, and the work includes an appendix with resources for medical education.
Family planning : with focus on contraception as seen by health centre physicians and population
Private specialists as consultants to general practitioners
A business plan for a new type of medical centre in Eastern Finland
Interactive expertise : studies in distributed working intelligence
Talk in action : interactions, identities, and institutions
Management and Leadership in the Public Dental Service in Finland between 2003 and 2011
Growing to be a general practitioner : tolerance of uncertainty and facing the risk of medical errors
Wiel Arets, architect
Marketing for health care organizations
Willow the Duckling
Components and consequences of a visit to a health center physician : comparison of practice patterns in nine health centers
An introduction to medical teaching
Private medical practice : getting it started and making it work
Audiology : practice management
Medical practice business plan workbook
Abstract (1 s.).
Patient participation in decision making process in primary care : a conversation analytic study
Abstract (s. 3).
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
