http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17600 Caprifoliaceae
Caprifoliaceae
Improvement of flowering competence and capacity with reference to Swedish conifer breeding
Characterization and pathogenicity of Rhizoctonia spp. associated with nursery-grown conifer seedlings suffering from root dieback
Organology and morphology of the Norway spruce (Picea abies), Fenno-Ugric kuusi as the origin of the Fenno-Ugric numeral six, kuusi
Abundance, diversity and ecology of endophytic fungi in Norway spruce (Picea abies) needles
Tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) : distributions and comparison with Norway spruce (Picea abies)
The color encyclopedia of hostas
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
Abstract.
The hosta handbook
Modelling tree biomasses in Finland
Cold acclimation of Norway spruce roots and shoots after boron fertilization
Disturbance in boreal spruce forest : immediate dynamics from stand to understorey level
Coniferous resin salve, ancient and effective treatment for chronic wounds : laboratory and clinical studies
Summary: The defoliation process of tamaracks (Larix laricina) during an outbreak of the larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) is described. The degree of defoliation correlated positively with the age, height and reproduction index of trees. The degree of defoliation did not correlate with the growth rate of tamaracks. On the basis of field observations alternative models to explain the age-specific resistance of trees to insect defoliators were developed and discussed.
Soil-surface CO2 flux and growth in a boreal Norway spruce stand : effects of soil warming and nutrition
Genetic variation in structural wood quality traits in Norway spruce and implications for tree breeding
Community structure and dynamics of wood-rotting Basidiomycetes on decomposing conifer trunks in northern Finland
Nutrient fluxes through a boreal coniferous forest and the effects of clear-cutting
Forest decline and air pollution : a study of spruce (Picea abies) on acid soils
Aspects of nitrogen metabolism in Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch as influenced by the availability of nitrogen in pedosphere and atmosphere
Effects of UV-B radiation on chlorophyll concentration, net photosynthesis and growth of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karsten) seedlings
Male and female reproductive success in the hermaphroditic shrub Viburnum opulus (Caprifoliaceae)
Abstract: The distribution, ecology, morphology and taxonomy of the three native conifers (Picea abies, Pinus sylvestris, Juniperus communis) are discussed, and the northern tree and forest lines of the spruce and the pine are mapped...
Structure, growth and organic matter content in the vegetation cover of an old spruce forest in Northern Finland
Wood properties of northern forest trees grown under elevated CO2, O3 and temperature
[Abstract].
Effects of herbivory and climate change factors on BVOC emissions from boreal conifers
Wood ash application in spruce stands : effects on ground vegetation, tree nutrient status and soil chemistry
Somatic embryogenesis in woody plants. Vol. 3, Gymnosperms
Age-specific resistance in trees: defoliation of tamaracks (Larix laricina) by larch bud moth (Zeiraphera improbana) (Lep., Tortricidae)
Developing Sitka spruce populations for resistance to the white pine weevil : summary of research and breeding program
English summary: The ancient boundaries of Mustila Village after purchase by Mr. Magnus Musda in 1481 and the Pelkhuo hill fort in Elimäki (For the 70th anniversary of Prof. Emer. Peter M. A. Tigerstedt).
Genetic variation and structure of ribosomal DNA (rDNA) in Scots pine and Norway spruce
Protocols for micropropagation of woody trees and fruits
Enhancement of micropropagation of Lonicera and Malus by exogenous factors
Modelling bud dormancy release in trees from cool and temperate regions
A comparative karyomorphological study of Estonian and Lapland provenances of Picea abies (L.) Karst
Provenances and forest tree breeding for high latitudes : proceedings of the Frans Kempe symposium in Umeå June 10-11,1986
Afforestation of farmland : soil changes and the uptake of heavy metals and nutrients by trees
Pathogenesis-related proteins in ozone-exposed Norway spruce [Picea abies (Karst) L.]
Effects of aluminium, iron and manganese on nutrition and growth of tree seedlings
Physiological, morphological and molecular biological studies of dormancy development in Norway spruce and Scots pine = Fysiologiske, morfologiske og molekylæbiologiske studier av dvaleforløpet hos gran og furu
Communities of wood-rotting Basidiomycetes on decomposing conifer trunks in northern Finland : new species and temporal dynamics
Variation in tracheid properties of Norway spruce (Picea abies (L.) Karst.)
Fine root structure, dynamics and proportion in net primary production of Norway spruce forest ecosystem in relation to site conditions
Polyamine metabolism during development of somatic and zygotic embryos of Picea abies (Norway spruce)
The role of conifer foliage and bark in diets of Swedish moose, with special emphasis to the growing season
Nutrients in the soil, ground vegetation and tree layer in an old spruce forest in Northern Finland
Diagnoses of nutrition of Norway spruce forests : effects of fertilisation and acidification
Norway spruce fine root dynamics and carbon input into soil in relation to environmental factors
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Growth of planted Norway spruce seedlings in mineral soil and forest organic matter : plant and soil interactions with implications for site preparation
Vascular flora of Inari Lapland. 2 : Pinaceae and Cupressaceae
Effects of long-term fertilisation and growth on micronutrient status in Norway spruce trees
Ecophysiology of northern spruce species : the performance of planted seedlings
Cuticular and stomatal antechamber conductance to water vapour diffusion in Picea abies (L.) Karst
Verzweigungssystem, Benadelung und Nadelfall der Fichte (Picea abies) = Branching system, needle fall and needle density of Norway Spruce (Picea abies)
The ecological and silvicultural bases for underplanting beech (Fagus sylvatica L.) below Norway spruce shelterwood (Picea abies L. Karst.)
Effects of silvicultural practices on the incidence of root and butt rot in Norway spruce with special emphasis on Heterobasidion annosum
Effects of acidic precipitation on Scots pine and Norway spruce needles and their low temperature tolerance
Root system traits of Norway spruce, Scots pine, and silver birch in mixed boreal forests : an analysis of root architecture, morphology, and anatomy
The effects of soluble inorganic aluminium and nutrient imbalances on Pinus sylvestris and Picea abies seedlings
Contributions to a better understanding of morphogenesis in Picea abies (L.) Karst. tissues cultured in vitro
Investigations on factors affecting net photosynthesis in trees : cas exchange in clones of Picea abies (L.) Karst
Electron microscopic and spectroscopic studies on the surface ultrastructure of kraft pulp fibres
The moon and the growth of plants
The complete woman's herbal : a manual of healing herbs and nutrition for personal wellbeing and family care
Application of gene technology to resistance breeding of forest trees
Silvicultural control of Heterobasidion root rot in Norway spruce forests in southern Finland : regeneration and vitality fertilization of infected stands
Mackay River herbicide trial : conifer response 9 years post-treatment
The Polesian chorological disjunction in Europe
Flower induction by exogenous plant hormones in Scots pine and Norway spruce grafts
Hydraulic and osmotic properties and microscopic structure of Norway spruce (Picea abies) fine roots
Boron supply and drought responses in Norway spruce (Picea abies)
Optimum nutrition and nitrogen saturation in Scots pine stands
The effects of air pollution on provenances of Scots pine and Norway spruce in northern Finland
Graded quality of 30-year-old Norway spruce grown on agricultural and forest land
Peroxidases in lignifying xylem of Norway spruce, Scots pine and silver birch
Biomass functions for Scots pine, Norway spruce and birch in Finland
α-tubulin genes and their expression in bud-induced and in in vitro -germinating Norway spruce embryos
Effect of waterlogging on boreal forest tree seedlings during dormancy and early growing season
Geographical ecology of northernmost Fennoscandia
Influence of aluminium on mineral uptake by beech (Fagus sylvatica) and spruce (Picea abies) roots
