http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17618 Swedish language literature
Swedish language literature
The life and songs of Carl Michael Bellman : genius of the Swedish rococo
The summer book
A winter book : selected stories
Selected poems
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
Rich and respected
Suomen kirjallisuus 1989 : vuosiluettelo a-o = Finlands litteratur 1989 : årskatalog a-o = The Finnish national bibliography 1989 : annual volume a-o
Detective Inspector Huss
The woodcarver and death
Beyond Pippi Longstocking : intermedial and international aspects of Astrid Lindgren's works
A history of Swedish literature
First come, first served - Först till kvarn får först mala : Translating English idioms into Swedish in Marian Keyes's Rachel's Holiday
Night rounds
Re-writing the script : gender and community in Elin Wägner
Rethinking civilisation in a European feminist context : history, nature, women in Elin Wägner's Väckarklocka
Strindberg's post-inferno plays : [lectures given at The 11. International Strindberg Conference, University of Copenhagen, Institute for Theatre Studies, April 7-12, 1992]
Lady Lilith
Travelling : Chinua Achebe in Scandinavia : Swedish writers in Africa
Where have all the swearwords gone? : An analysis of the loss of swearwords in two Swedish translations of J. D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye
Johan Gabriel Oxenstiernas Skördarne : a major Swedish work in the literatry genre of Thomson's "The seasons"
Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy : interdisciplinary approaches to Nordic noir on page and screen
Lowly who prevail : vistas to the work of Hjalmar Bergman
Art in nature
Following the animal : power, agency, and human-animal transformations in modern, northern-European literature
The torso
Female monsters, visionary protagonists : epiphanies in Nordic decadence
The president's daughters : a narrative of governess
Astrid Lindgren : a critical study
Theatrical and narrative space : studies in Ibsen, Strindberg and J.P. Jacobsen
Uniquely placed to explore the worldwide phenomenon of Stieg Larsson's "Millennium" trilogy from a number of critical perspectives, this collection offers the first full-length study of Larsson's work in both its written and filmed forms. "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is now a globally successful Swedish film, re-made by Hollywood in 2011 with Daniel Craig as Mikael Blomkvist, the investigative reporter. The book's combination of critical and interdisciplinary approaches allows the trilogy to open up in new ways, which will appeal to all those interested in the "Millennium" books and films, as well as students of Film and Television Studies, Media Studies, Journalism, and Criminology.
The social and religious plays of Strindberg
Swedish folktales and legends
Love as a feminist project : a reading of the Pahlen series by Agnes von Krusenstjerna
Studies in the literature of Northern Europe
August Strindberg and the other : new critical approaches
Astrid världen över : en selektiv bibliografi 1946-2002 = Astrid worldwide : a selective bibliography 1946-2002
Victim without a face
A Wizard in Moominvalley : a study of adaption to the target culture in children's book translation, based on the English and Welsh translations of Tove Jansson's Trollkarlens hat
Suomen kirjallisuus : Vuosiluettelo = Finlands litteratur = The finnish national bibliography. 1989
One fear, one vision
Swedish book review
Plays : three : Master Olof, Creditors, To Damascus (Part I)
Lines and traces : papers presented to Lennart Björk on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Ice around our lips : Finland-Swedish poetry
Strindberg and autobiography : writing and reading a life
Swedish travel writing
Master Golyas and Sweden : the transformation of a clerical satire : a collection of essays
Swedish-Polish modernism : literature, language, culture : conference held in Cracow, Poland, April 20-21 2001
Per Olov Enquist : a critical study
The psychology of the grotesque in August Strindberg's "The ghost sonata"
The crime fiction handbook
The readers of Broken Wheel recommend
Twentieth-century Swedish writers before World War II
Edith Södergran and Stig Dagerman
The homes of the new world : impressions of America : in three volumes
Finland's Swedish-language literature before Runeberg
Kosketan runoa : ten pieces of poetry in four languages
Lesbianism in Swedish Literature : an ambiguous affair
Strindberg and love
The English renderings of some characteristic features of Astrid Lindgren's narrative style in her 'Emil' books
Suomen kirjallisuus : vuosiluettelo : = Finlands litteratur : årskatalog = The Finnish national bibliography : annual volume . 1978
Strindberg : a biography
New sketches of every-day life : a diary ; Strife and peace
"Textens villkor" : a study of Willy Kyrklund's prose fiction
Literary non-fiction
