http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17617 laws of the land
laws of the land
Constitutional law of 15 EU member states
Regulatory Reform in Road Freight Transport : proceedings of the international seminar, February 2001
The need for a European contract law : empirical and legal perspectives
The influence of American theories of judicial review on Nordic constitutional law
Nordic reflections on constitutional law : a comparative nordic perspective
Nothing : from absolute zero to cosmic oblivion : amazing insights into nothingness
The European Constitution and national constitutions : ratification and beyond
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Constitutional challenges to the European arrest warrant
Advertising and constitutional rights in Europe : a study in comparative constitutional law
The natural laws of the universe : understanding fundamental constants
The constitutional dilemma of the European union
Live by night : a novel
The enforcement of judgments in Europe
Unfair advertising and comparative advertising : proceedings of the fifth European Workshop on Consumer Law held in Louvain-la-Neuve on September 25 and 26, 1986 = Publicité déloyale et publicité comparative : actes du cinquième Séminaire européen de droit de la consommation tenu à Louvain-la-Neuve les 25 et 26 septembre 1986
Lawyers in the third world : comparative and developmental perspectives
EU private international law : harmonization of laws
Nieuw Nederlands burgerlijk wetboek : het vermogensrecht (zakenrecht, verbintenissenrecht en bijzondere overeenkomsten) = New Netherlands civil code : patrimonial law (property, obligations and special contracts) = Nouveau code civil Néerlandais : le droit patrimonoal (les biens, les obligations et les contrats particuliers)
Unification of tort law : damages
European labour law
The old law of Bizkaia (1452) : introductory study and critical edition
Spatializing law : an anthropological geography of law in society
Legal symbolism : on law, time and European identity
(Un)doing Europe : discourses and practices of negotiating the Eu Constitution
UEFA's homegrown player rule in the light of EU law
Regulatory takings : law, economics and politics
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 4, The Bengal famine and the new viceroyalty : 15 June 1943 - 31 August 1944
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 6, The post-war phase : new moves by the Labour Government : 1 August 1945 - 22 March 1946
Development of an analytical tool to assess national Biosecurity legislation
Making European private law : governance design
Protection of the environment and the free movement of goods
Principles of European constitutional law
Constitutional reform in Scandinavia : the political conditions of constitutionalism
International Building Code : IBC
Brussels II bis : its impact and application in the member states
The rule of law in the European constitution
Designing national pesticide legislation
With an end in sight : strategies from the UNIFEM Trust Fund to eliminate violence against women
The Baltic Sea - a legal inland sea?
Paradoxes of European legal integration
The legal professions in the New Europe : a handbook for practitioners
Criminal procedure in Europe : England and Wales, France, Germany, Netherlands, Slovenia, Spain
Constitutional politics in the European Union : the Convention moment and its aftermath
The land laws
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 5, The Simla conference : background and proceedings : 1 September 1944 - 28 July 1945
Recent trends in the law and policy of bioenergy production, promotion and use
The Treysa Conference on "the Biblical doctrine of law and justice" : report of a conference arranged by the Study Department of the World Council of Churches, held at Treysa, Germany, August 2d to 7th, 1950
The political economy of law : a third world reader
The Law Applied : contextualizing the Islamic Shari'a : a volume in honor of Frank E. Vogel
For the common good : the Bohemian land law and the beginning of the Hussite revolution
The unity of the European constitution
Disputing strategies in medieval Scandinavia
Reforming Thai politics
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 8, The interim government : 3 July - 1 November 1946
An academic green paper on European contract law
Unification of tort law : causation
European constitutionalism beyond the state
Nordic and other European constitutional traditions
Constitutional pluralism in the EU
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
European securities law
Fundamental rights in the constitution of Finland
Understanding the European Constitution : an introduction to the EU constitutional treaty
EU constitutional law : an introduction
King Magnus Eriksson's law of the realm : a medieval Swedish code
Multilevel governance in the European Union
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 1, The Cripps mission : January-April 1942
Accountability in Africa's land rush : what role for legal empowerment?
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 7, The cabinet mission : 23 March - 29 June 1946
Law and state in Papua New Guinea
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 10, The Mountbatten viceroyalty : formulation of plan : 22 March - 30 May 1947
The constitutions of new democracies in Europe
A code of practice of Muslims in the west : in accordance with the edicts of Ayatullãh al-udhma As-Sayyid Ali Al-Husaini as-Seestãni
Sommaire. - Sammandrag. - Yhteenveto.
The coherence of EU law : the search for unity in divergent concepts
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 3, Reassertion of authority, Gandhi's fast and the succession to the Viceroyalty 21 September 1942 - 12 June 1943
Globalisation and the Western legal tradition : recurring patterns of law and authority
European perspectives on producers' liability : direct producers' liability for non-conformity and the sellers' right of redress
European challenges in contemporary family law
Copyright software protection in the EC
Ceci n'est pas une constitution = Constitutionalisation without a constitution? : 7th International ECLN-Colloquium, Sofia, 17-19 April 2008
The common law of Europe and the future of legal education = Le droit commun de l'Europe et l'avenir de l'enseignement juridique
East-West trade : a sourcebook on the international economic relations of socialist countries and their legal aspects
European constitution : cases and materials in EU and member states' law
National and regional parliaments in the European Constitutional Order
Creation : law and probability
Judicial review and the rights of private parties in EC law
The transfer of power 1942-7 : constitutional relations between Britain and India. Vol. 9, The fixing of a time limit : 4 November 1946 - 22 March 1947
Live by night
Making European law : essays on the "Common Core" project
