http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17642 absurdism
absurdism
Michael Y. Bennett's accessible Introduction explains the complex, multidimensional nature of the works and writers associated with the absurd - a label placed upon a number of writers who revolted against traditional theatre and literature in both similar and widely different ways. Setting the movement in its historical, intellectual and cultural contexts, Bennett provides an in-depth overview of absurdism and its key figures in theatre and literature, from Samuel Beckett and Harold Pinter to Tom Stoppard. Chapters reveal the movement's origins, development and present-day influence upon popular culture around the world, employing the latest research to this often challenging area of study in a balanced and authoritative approach. Essential reading for students of literature and theatre, this book provides the necessary tools to interpret and develop the study of a movement associated with some of the twentieth century's greatest and most influential cultural figures
Language mysticism : the negative way of language in Eliot, Beckett, and Celan
The myth of Sisyphus
Beckett the shape changer : a symposium
The elephant vanishes
The sellout : a novel
Theatre of chaos : beyond absurdism, into orderly disorder
The satirical dimensions of Tom Stoppard's political drama : from the abstract to the concrete sphere of satire
I love Huckabees
The theatre of absurd
"Raised in the "agrarian ghetto" of Dickens--improbably smack in the middle of downtown L.A.--the narrator of The Sellout resigned himself to the fate of all other middle-class2 Californians: "to die in the same bedroom you'd grown up in, looking up at the crack in the stucco ceiling that had been there since '68 quake." Raised by a single father, a controversial sociologist at Riverside Community College, he spent his childhood as the subject in psychological studies, classic experiments revised to include a racially-charged twist. He also grew up believing this pioneering work might result in a memoir that would solve their financial woes. But when his father is killed in a shoot out with the police, he realizes there never was a memoir. All that's left is the bill for a drive-thru funeral and some maudlin what-ifs.  Fuelled by this injustice and the general disrepair of his down-trodden hometown, he sets out to right another wrong: Dickens has literally been removed from the map to save California further embarrassment. Enlisting the help of the town's most famous resident--the last surviving Little Rascal, Hominy Jenkins, our narrator initiates a course of action--one that includes reinstating slavery and segregating the local high school--destined to bring national attention. These outrageous events land him with a law suit heard by the Supreme Court, the latest in a series of cases revolving around the thorny issue of race in America.  The Sellout showcases a comic genius at the top of his game. It challenges the most sacred tenets of the U.S. Constitution, urban life, the civil rights movement, the father-son relationship, and the holy grail of racial equality--the black Chinese restaurant"
Beyond absurdity : the philosophy of Albert Camus
The audience's tragicomic response to four absurdist plays
Life's delirium : aspects of existentialism in Kate Chopin's The awakening
Sammy the mouse [vol.] I
Modern drama in theory and practice. Vol. 2, Symbolism, surrealism and the absurd
OBERIU : an anthology of Russian absurdism
Dr. Clock's Handbook
The theatre of the absurd
A little history of literature
The absurd element in Tom Stoppard's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead
The mammoth book of limericks
Modern drama in theory and practice. 2, Symbolism, surrealism and the absurd
The visual seen and unseen : insights into Tom Stoppard's art
The myth of Sisyphus : and other essays
Stage fright : modernism, anti-theatricality, and drama
Thirst
Billy Hazelnuts and the crazy bird
The sellout
Nonsense and other senses : regulated absurdity in literature
Alfred Jarry : nihilism and the theater of the absurd
The absurd in literature
Waiting for Godot and Endgame : Samuel Beckett
The Cambridge introduction to theatre and literature of the absurd
From melancholy to humour
Sammy the mouse [vol.] II
