http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1760 art sponsorship
art sponsorship
National cultural policy framework and trends in Finland
Trial, trust and tribulation : the distribution of roles and changing nature of relations between governments and arts councils, associations and foundations : report of the European Round Table, held in Budapest, 21 - 22 March 1994 / Round Table organised by CIRCLE - Cultural Information & Research Centers Liaison in Europe in co-operation with the Brouhaha Hungary Foundation with the support of the Council of Europe, UNESCO, the Soros Foundation and the City of Budapest ; report edit
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2007 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Swedish state cultural policy : objectives, measures and results : a report
Art and identity in early modern Rome
A celebration of corporate art programmes worldwide
Confessions of an art addict / Peggy Guggenheim
Marketing the arts
Islamic art & patronage : Treasures from Kuwait
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2006 = Support granted by the Arts Councils 2006
Fashioning identities in Renaissance art
Patrons and artists in the Italian Renaissance
The powers of art : patronage in Indian culture
The Nordic model for supporting artists : public support for artists in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden / Merja Heikkinen
Public art by the book
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2011 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Out of this century : confessions of an art addict Peggy Guggenheim
Trial, trust and tribulation : the distribution of roles and changing nature of relations between governments and arts councils, associations and foundations : report
The food of love : Princesse Edmond de Polignac (1865-1943) and her salon
A creative future : the way forward for the arts, crafts and media in England
This book traces the evolution of connoisseurship in the booming Dutch art market of the seventeenth- and eighteenth centuries. The question whether or not seventeenth-century painters such as Rembrandt and Rubens created the paintings which were later sold under their names, has caused many a heated debate. Much is still unknown about the ways in which paintings were produced, assessed, priced, and marketed. Who was credited with the ability to assess paintings? How did a painting's price relate to its quality? And how did connoisseurship change as the art market became increasingly complex? This groundbreaking study includes insightful essays by, among others, Eric Jan Sluijter, Hans Van Miegroet and Neil De Marchi. It is not to be missed by anyone with an interest in the Old Masters and the early modern art market.
Peggy Guggenheim : The Shock of the Modern
Cultural policy in Finland : report by the panel of European experts
Power and display in the seventeenth century : the arts and their patrons in Modena and Ferrara
The new deal for artists
Art for the disabled scheme : a chinese project to enhance limb-disabled students’ social inclusion through charity and art
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
Cultural sponsorship in Europe, april 1999
The end of the Salon : art and the state in the early Third Republic
The cultural responsibility of the state : from the point of view of the Baltic Sea States : report from the Ars Baltica seminar, Stockholm, August 18-21, 1994
Patrons and professionals in the Middle Ages : proceedings of the 2010 Harlaxton Symposium
On the measured support of industrial critique / Kirsi Peltomäki
Julkiset kulttuurimäärärahat 1994 = Public Expenditure on the Arts and Culture in Finland in 1994 / Pekka Oesch ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta = Centralkommissionen för konst = Arts Council of Finland
Don't just applaud - send money! : the most succesfull strategies for funding and marketing the arts
Finland's culture in figures 2006
The music merchants
Valtion tuki kulttuurille 2001 : opetusministeriön hallinnonalan määrärahat = State support for culture in 2001 : cultural appropriations provided by the Ministry of of Education
The political economy of art : being the substance (with additions) of two lectures. Delivered at Manchester, July 10th and 13th, 1857.
The economics of cultural policy
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä  tuki 2004 = Support granted by The Arts Council 2004 / Paula Karhunen
"Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics"--Provided by publisher.
Supporting yourself as an artist : a practical guide
The democratic muse : visual arts and the public interest
Rogier van der Weyden - Rogier de le Pasture : official painter to the city of Brussels, portrait painter of the Burgundian Court
Why are artists poor? : the exceptional economy of the arts / Hans Abbing
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 : Support granted by the Arts Councils
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2005 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2003 = State support for artistic activity in 2003 / Paula Karhunen
Focus and functions of public support for artists in Finland
Cultural policy is changing. Traditionally, cultural policies have been concerned with providing financial support for the arts, for cultural heritage and for institutions such as museums and galleries. In recent years, around the world, interest has grown in the creative industries as a source of innovation and economic dynamism. This book argues that an understanding of the nature of both the economic and the cultural value created by the cultural sector is essential to good policy-making. The book is the first comprehensive account of the application of economic theory and analysis to the broad field of cultural policy. It deals with general principles of policy-making in the cultural arena as seen from an economic point of view, and goes on to examine a range of specific cultural policy areas, including the arts, heritage, the cultural industries, urban development, tourism, education, trade, cultural diversity, economic development, intellectual property and cultural statistics.
An elephant and other actors / Marketta Seppälä
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2010 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2010 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Valtion taidetoimikuntalaitoksen myöntämä tuki 2004 = Support granted by the arts council 2004
Does public support make a difference, and for whom? : the role of direct support for artists in different art forms and its relation to the situation of women artists
Nicholas Vincent, "'Let Us Go Down from this Joyful Commencement to the Plain': Richard Poer and the Refoundation of Salisbury Cathedral"; Susan Powell, "Lady Margaret Beaufort as Patron of Scholars and Scholarship"; Sam Barrett, "The Sponsorship of Early Medieval Latin Song: The Musical Evidence of Two Carolingian Poetic Collections"; Claudia Bolgia, "Mosaics and Gilded Glass in Franciscan Hands: 'Professional' Friars in Thirteenth- and Fourteenth-Century Italy"; Michael T. Davis, "Guidelines: the Bishop's Garden, a Mason's Drawings, and the Construction of Notre-Dame Cathedral of Clermont"; Martine Meuwese, "The Count and the Codex. Morals and Miniatures in a Middle Dutch Manuscript".
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Social science and the arts 1984 : a state-of-the-arts review from the Tenth Annual Conference on Social Theory, Politics and the Arts : University of Maryland, College Park, October 12-14, 1984
Tiivistelmä: Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge - Catalyst for Chamber Music.
Creative Europe : on governance and management of artistic creativity in Europe
Patrons and painters : a study in the relations between Italian art and society in the age of the Baroque
Does public support make a difference, and for whom? : the role of direct support for artists in different art forms and its relation to the situation of women artists  / Merja Heikkinen, Paula Karhunen
Bread and circuses : EC programmes and schemes open to the performing arts
All the empty palaces : the merchant patrons of modern art in pre-revolutionary Russia
Known as 'the Mistress of modern art', Peggy Guggenheim was a passionate collector and major patron. She amassed one of the most important collections of early 20th century European and American art embracing cubism, surrealism and expressionism. A 'poor little rich girl', (her father, Benjamin, went down with the Titanic in 1912), she was magnetically drawn to the avant-garde artistic community of Paris. She bought works by, and befriended, such artists as Picasso, Duchamp, Man Ray and Dali. In 1938 she opened her first gallery of modern art in London, followed by the 'Art of this Century' gallery in New York. Then, after a 4-year marriage to Max Ernst, she returned to Europe, setting up her collection in Venice where she lived until her death in 1979. This is the fascinating autobiography of a society heiress who became the bohemian doyenne of the art world. Written in her own words it is the frank and outspoken story of her life and loves: her stormy relationships with such men as Max Ernst and Jackson Pollock, of artistic discoveries and the excitement of promoting great work. A must read for anyone with an interest in these major league artists, this seminal period of art history, and the ultimate self-invented woman.
Yritysten tuki taiteelle 1990 = Company support for the arts in Finland in 1990 / Pekka Oesch
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2009 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2009 / Paula Karhunen, Kaija Rensujeff ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Arts Council
The economics of art and culture : an American perspective
Wealth and the demand for art in Italy 1300-1600
More bread and circuses : who does what for the arts in Europe
Art in the periphery of the center
Public money and the muse : essays on government funding for the arts
Finland's culture in figures
The importance of art in society is increasing
The future of the arts : public policy and arts research
The economics of artists' labour markets : January 1996
Effects of direct support on artists' incomes
Elizabeth Sprague Coolidge : Catalyst for Chamber Music
Kings, queens, and courtiers : art in early Renaissance France
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Arts Council
Crystals of Schoolchildren’s Well-Being. Cross-Border Training Material for Promoting Psychosocial Well-Being through School Education
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2011 = Support granted by the Arts Councils
Preliminary findings from a survey on the economic and labour market situation of Finnish artists
Patronage, culture and power : the early Cecils
The impact of sponsorship on Ateneum's offering and market communication
Art market and connoisseurship : a closer look at paintings by Rembrandt, Rubens and their contemporaries
Government decision-in-principle on arts and artist policy
Modern muse : the support and condition of artists / edited by C. Richard Swaim
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Art Councils 2008 / Paula Karhunen ; Taiteen keskustoimikunta
The nordic model for supporting artists : public support for artists in Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden
The cultural patronage of medieval women
An international evaluation of the Finnish System of Arts Councils
Valtion tuki taiteelliseen toimintaan 2001 = State support for artistic activity in 2001
The Italian Renaissance : culture and society in Italy
Strategic long-term arts and business partnerships in international arts festival settings : case studie in Finland and China
