http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17622 staff restaurants
staff restaurants
How do part-time employees perceive permanent employees most important motivation factors
Working in hotels and catering
Human resources management for the hospitality industry
The aim of the study was to define the value, produced to a company, by an employee satisfaction survey. As there are two different kinds of researches, internal and outsourced, the secondary purpose was to find out, whether there was any difference between these two methods. The research began in autumn 2008 and was finalized in May 2009.      In the beginning, a description of a good workplace will be given, followed by defining the most important issues for wellbeing at work. There are factors, which the individual can impact on, such as recruitment, commitment and sick leaves. There are also factors, which the organization can impact on, such as customer satisfaction, sales and brand image.    Semi structured interviews with professionals in management level, were used to gather information for this thesis. The outcomes of the interviews, supported by own experience and knowledge, will be presented and later analyzed.    The findings were not very surprising, as the results showed once more that employees are the most precious asset for any company. When the wellbeing of employees is emphasized, it results in more satisfied employees. After a period of time this turns into commitment towards the company, which eventually results into cost savings, through for example less sick leaves. Satisfied employees lead also to satisfied customers, which can also reflect on employee satisfaction. Pleased customers promote the company's image positively. This leads to a larger customer base and increased sales. At the same time the company creates interest for possible future employees. The circle closes when the money earned through satisfied employees is again invested into improvement of wellbeing at work.      The research also showed that it is not enough to only conduct employee satisfaction surveys, but it requires serious involvement and readiness for change, by the management. A serious distinction between internal and outsourced study could not be found. Money, time and benchmark possibilities were the issues, which varied the most and had most notable differences.     The most important conclusion was that it is necessary to research employee satisfaction in some way, to be able to develop the company's wellbeing in order to build a better place to work.
"Today's hospitality professional must be an expert at managing many functions. In every segment of the hospitality industry, recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, and retaining outstanding staff members are always challenging tasks, but every manager must master them. Hospitality managers now need to be familiar with rising labor costs, increasing competition for quality staff, changing employees' attitudes, evolving guest expectations and a proliferation of new laws that impact human resources policies and activities. "--
Personnel training manual for the hospitality industry
The traditional labour force is nowadays being partly replaced by a part-time work force. This means different kinds of employment contracts. The contract agreed between employer and employee may therefore not necessarily be a permanent one, in which an employee enjoys a regular monthly salary, paid seasonal vacations and pension. And whereas a lack of these common benefits may be shared among non-standard employment contracts, studies have shown this to be the reason why employers use temporary workforce.  The interest towards this research came from studying the statistical data and figures. The amount of temporary employees increased by 30 000 from 2001 to 2004. In the fall of 2006 some studies revealed that the public sector, at communal level, in Finland is also using temporary work force to a great extent. Some municipalities are almost entirely using temporary work force. In some communities it was as high as 94% of the work force that did not have permanent employment contracts.   The objective of the research was to find out how part-time employees perceive motivation factors, which are important to employees with permanent contracts. Also the voluntariness to work part-time was taken into a consideration in the report. A qualitative analysis was used in order to ascertain the results. The data was obtained by semi-structured interviews and then analysed with interpretational analysis. Writing the thesis started in May 2004 and it was finished in October 2006.   The results describe the part-time employees' perceptions towards the motivation factors as well as the matter of voluntariness and its importance. It became obvious that working part-time voluntarily and involuntarily should be considered as two diverse issues since the perception towards work varies depending on this matter.  Economical rewards as a motivation factor are important but according to the results job security is the most important factor.
The equal opportunity handbook for hotels and institutions
Strategic hospitality management : theory and practice for the 1990s
Hospitality management : strategy and operations
Personnel management and human relations
On-site foodservice management : a best practices approach
How to invest in people : a handbook on career ladders
A manual of staff management in the hotel and catering industry
Principles of hotel and catering law
IMPROVEMENT FOR RECRUITMENT AND RETENTION STRATEGIES : Case: Aiya Restaurant Chain
The management of service for the restaurant manager
Hotel management and operations
Service performance
Motivation and the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland
Management systems for the hotel, catering and allied industries
Winning food service ideas : the best of Restaurants & Institutions : R&I's keys to success with the menu, the staff, the customer, and the kitchen
Hospitality and restaurant management : competency guide
Human resources management and supervision : competency guide
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Human Resources Management in the Hospitality Industry / David K. Hayes, Jack D. Ninemeier
Strategic human resource management in the Finnish hotel, restaurant and tourism industry
RFID technology application
Marketing of hospitality services : food, lodging, travel
Manpower management in the hotel and catering industry
Lunch eating patterns during working hours and their social and work-related determinants : study of Finnish employees
Employment in the hotel and catering industry
Successful pubs and inns
Relationship between perceived organizational support and willingness to pursue a career in the hospitality industry
Training food service personnel for the hospitality industry
Introduction to the hospitality industry
This thesis studies how managerial work is changing because of internationalization in the service sector's work force. The focus of the research is on the new employee orientation process in two case restaurants, Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo. The objectives of the research are to outline the current situation of this process in the case restaurants, to compare the views of managers and employees and to find the best ways to implement the overall orientation process. The theoretical part includes diversity management and new employee orientation. It presents reasons for managing diversity and the stages involved in effective diversity management. It examines the application of diversity management in human resource management and work groups, as well as the role of the manager in diversity management. The goals of new employee orientation theory are presented, along with the manager's role in it. The theoretical part also focuses on the importance of orientation material and how new employee orientation is different for international employees. The thesis is done as a qualitative research using case study method. The research is done through semi-constructed interviews in the case restaurants. Both managers and employees are interviewed in order to get a comprehensive understanding of the current situation. The empirical part was conducted in fall 2013. The results are combined to present the structure of both the recruitment and orientation processes in the case restaurants. Conclusions show that these organisations are heading towards effective diversity management, but also that managers and employees have different perception of the overall orientation process. The managers' improvement ideas, the most important qualities of a manager regarding international employees and best methods of implementation are presented in the conclusions.
So you want to start a restaurant?
From turnover to teamwork : how to build and retain a customer-oriented foodservice staff
Notwithstanding the fact that seasonality has always been salient to the hospitality industry, and an issue that presents human resources challenges to managers, it has resulted in the increased use of temporary labour and outsourcing, which is evident in Finland today, in the rise in the number of agencies renting this just-in-time catering and restaurant workforce. This use, increases organizational flexibility, buffers the salient hourly, daily and monthly seasonality of the industry but more importantly introduces cost cutting measures. The fact remains however, that temporary workers are regarded as dispensable resources, for whom there may be little or no concern. Further, neither local nor international research has specifically represented the temps in this sector and their attitudes to work.  The concern of this study therefore is the job satisfaction of temporary workers in hospitality. It investigates the unique issues involved, and sets out to gain an understanding of how those issues contribute to the job satisfaction of temporary workers.  Because this study argued against the generic approach to researching job satisfaction, a unique framework was developed, which comprised of characteristics isolated from three sources, two separate studies carried out in hospitality and temporary work, and the job characteristics model. This was in order to facilitate an integration of the domains of the study and the issues represented.   The characteristics were used as open-ended questions in a focus group interview manned by a sample of 6 workers employed in the field.  Their feelings about how the issues identified contributed to their job satisfaction, constituted the raw data used in the study.  The data collected was then displayed in a matrix format for analysis where each participant represented a single unit of analysis or separate case.  A cross-case analysis of the data exposed two levels of conclusions. This analysis, added to the general consensus of the group, showed an association of the characteristics to job satisfaction, however, more importantly it showed support for Quarstein's situational occurrences theory. Further analysis exposed metathemes, which were considered of overall importance to the issue of job satisfaction. One such metathemes and the most significant finding was the emergence of the issue of supervisors and co-workers as central to the issue of the job satisfaction of the participants.   The Implications of these main issues for hospitality and human resources practitioners are grounded in the need for fresh approaches to flexibilization and in an understanding and restating of the importance of the temp in hospitality as a front-line customer service provider and valued worker. Attention to the issues identified should foster the development of organizational, departmental and political policy to the cause of the temporary worker.
How to open and run a successful restaurant
Food at work : workplace solutions for malnutrition, obesity and chronic diseases
Investigating employee turnover : battling the employee turnover in nightclub Freetime
Personnel management and human relations : teacher's manual
Human resource management in the hospitality industry : an introductory guide
The beverage report
Measuring employee service orientation in restaurant setting
Profitable food service management : thru reduction of employee turnover
Profitable food service management  : thru worker motivation
Training design for the hospitality industry
The usage of temporary agencies' services by restaurant companies in Helsinki
The studied topic was recommended to the author by the management team of a small Finnish restaurant chain, which looked for new ways to enhance service quality in today's increasingly competitive restaurant business.  The aim of the study was to examine the service orientation of the contact staff (waiters and bartenders, in contact with the customers) of a specific restaurant located in Helsinki, Finland. The focus was on identifying the different variables affecting employee service orientation. These variables were then used to measure how well the contact staff managed their duties and interacted with the customer in different kinds of circumstance, primarily aims at finding the ideal working conditions in which the contact staff will be most service oriented and able to deliver good service. Questionnaire survey methodology was used to collect data from 18 out of 25 possible employees working as contact employees in the restaurant. Respondents provided self-assessed attribute information relating to external and internal factors affecting employee service orientation.  Results suggests that the majority of the restaurant contact employees were service orientated, positively encouraged by the restaurant management's support, as well they were able to provide good service during busy periods, and had such personality traits that suggest that they were service orientation minded employees. However, closer analysis also showed significant negative ratings on employees' recognition and rewards ratings, which indicate need for improvement.
The chef manager
Modern food service
Hospitality personnel management
The restaurant : from concept to operation
A Study of personnel records and manpower planning for H.C.I.T.B. : report on the finding of a survey of firms in the hotel and catering industry
Supervision in the hospitality industry
Profitable food service management : thru recruitment and selection of employees
Staff turnover
Management of hospitality operations
Managing human resources in the hospitality industry : an experiential approach
International hospitality management : concepts and cases
Human resources management in the hospitality industry
The Perception of employee wellness in the hospitality industry : a survay research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Hospitality retail management : a unit manager's guide
Hotel and catering supervision
The world of the restaurateur
The Restaurant : from concept to operation
Lessons in service from Charlie Trotter
Restaurant management : customers, operations, and employees
Analysing catering operations
Food and beverage management : a selection of readings
Human relations in the restaurant industry
The waiting game : the essential guide for wait staff
Contingent worker job satisfaction in hospitality : the case of agency workers in Finnish catering and restaurants
Productivity and training in the hotel, catering and tourism sector , report III
The adaptation of the training of managerial staff and employees to structural and technological changes in hotels, restaurants and similar establishments
The importance given to the topic of Motivation has increased rapidly over the past centuries. The topic has been researched by an amount of researchers and has over time been adopted as an integral part of management procedures.   The main aims of this research are to find out what motivation means for the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland. The author aims at finding out what motivates the restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland, and if the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland is motivated at all. Furthermore the findings are compared to existing theory to see if similarities or differences to these can be found.  For the gathering of information for this research a questionnaire was designed. The questionnaires were distributed to approximately 40 restaurant companies in Finnish Lapland during the spring 2002. All restaurant employees were included in the study. Furthermore, the author was working in Lapland during the spring 2002, and thereby was able to collect further information by observation.  The research showed that restaurant employees in Finnish Lapland in first place are motivated by a good work atmosphere. As an opposite, a bad work atmosphere is the most de-motivating factor for the restaurant work force in Finnish Lapland. Furthermore, most of the employees feel that their supervisors motivate them. Main ways how managers motivate their employees are by communicating, encouraging and supporting them. Still, only less than one third of the employees included in the research plans to keep working in the restaurant industry for the rest of their life.
Human resources development, employment and globalization in the hotel, catering and tourism sector : report for discussion at the tripartite meeting on human resources development, employment and globalization in the hotel, catering and tourism sector
Innkeeping : a manual for licensed victuallers
Foodservice organizations : a managerial and systems approach
Encyclopedia of hotel, tourism and hospitality management in the 21st century. Vol. 2, Restaurant management
The management of people in hotels, restaurants and clubs
The International journal of contemporary hospitality management : strategic developments for the 1990s : Vol. 2.
Abstract.
Personnel management and human relations : workbook
Lessons in excellence from Charlie Trotter
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
Infection control for lodging and food service establishments
Managing hospitality human resources
The Perception of Employee Wellness in the Hospitality Industry : A survey research among hotel employers in the Black Forest, Germany
Principles of food, beverage, and labor cost controls
Introduction to modern food and beverage service
The value of employee satisfaction surveys : a comparison between internal research and outsourced study
Employee orientation for international employees : case Kappeli and Rosso Ympyrätalo
Restaurant management and catering practice
A catering business of your own : how to start and run a successful restaurant or cafe
Managing restaurant personnel : a handbook for food service operators
Hospitality management : an introduction
Applied foodservice sanitation
