http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17664 doctrine of the Trinity
doctrine of the Trinity Trinity
From Augustine to Anselm : the influence of De trinitate on the Monologion
Henry of Ghent : metaphysics and the Trinity
Cyril of Alexandria's trinitarian theology of scripture
Reportatio I-A : The examined report of the Paris lecture : Latin text and English translation
Theology : the basic readings
Persons, powers, and pluralities : toward a Trinitarian theology of culture
The Cambridge companion to the Trinity
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Vol. 1, book 1
The living God
Irenaeus on creation : the cosmic Christ and the saga of redemption
Philosophical and theological essays on the trinity
Orthodoxy and controversy in twelfth-century religious discourse : Peter Lombard's Sencences and the development of theology
"Augustine of Hippo (354-430) strongly influenced western theology, but he has often been accused of over-emphasizing the unity of God to the detriment of the Trinity. In Augustine and the Trinity, Lewis Ayres offers a new treatment of this important figure, demonstrating how Augustine's writings offer one of the most sophisticated early theologies of the Trinity developed after the Council of Nicaea (325). Building on recent research, Ayres argues that Augustine was influenced by a wide variety of earlier Latin Christian traditions which stressed the irreducibility of Father, Son and Spirit. Augustine combines these traditions with material from non-Christian Neoplatonists in a very personal synthesis. Ayres also argues that Augustine shaped a powerful account of Christian ascent toward understanding of, as well as participation in the divine life, one that begins in faith and models itself on Christ's humility"--Provided by publisher.
The Palamite idea of perichoresis of the persons of the trinity in the light of contemporary neo-Palamite analysis
"This book presents a critical evaluation of the doctrine of the Trinity, tracing its development and investigating the intellectual, philosophical, and theological background that shaped this influential doctrine of Christianity. Despite the centrality of Trinitarian thought to Christianity, and its importance as one of the fundamental tenets that differentiates Christianity from Judaism and Islam, the doctrine is not fully formulated in the canon of Christian scriptural texts. Instead, it evolved through the conflation of selective pieces of scripture with the philosophical and religious ideas of ancient Hellenistic milieu. Marian Hillar analyzes the development of Trinitarian thought during the formative years of Christianity from its roots in ancient Greek philosophical concepts and religious thinking in the Mediterranean region. He identifies several important sources of Trinitarian thought heretofore largely ignored by scholars, including the Greek middle-Platonic philosophical writings of Numenius and Egyptian metaphysical writings and monuments representing divinity as a triune entity"--
Gregory of Nyssa : ancient and (post)modern
King, priest, and prophet : a Trinitarian theology of atonement
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit : essays toward a fully trinitarian theology
Holy Trinity, perfect community
As in a mirror : John Calvin and Karl Barth on knowing God : a diptych
God's being is in becoming : the trinitarian being of God in the theology of Karl Barth : a paraphrase
Thirty letters to Calvin, preacher to the Genevans & Sixty signs of the kingdom of the Antichrist and his revelation which is now at hand (from The restoration of Christianity, 1553)
The Comforter
Trinitarian theology after Barth
The trinitarian theology of Hilary of Poitiers
"Strives to radically utilize Emmanuel Levinas's philosophical framework, bringing it into conversation with the theology of Hans Urs von Balthasar, to construct a post-ontotheological account of theology that unites theory and praxis. By allowing Levinas's Judaism to challenge von Balthasar's Catholicism, Glenn Morrison develops a perspective that is both theologically rich and philosophically provocative"--Provided by publisher.
"Does women's experience matter for theological inquiry? Elizabeth Johnson's premise is that it does ... Knowing God by name is a critical assessment and evaluation of this approach, bringing Johnson into conversation with Catholic and feminist colleagues and with Karl Barth, whose Trinitarian theology of experience maintains the divine-creaturely distinction she challenges."--P. [4], cover.
African approaches to the Trinity
These three are one : the practise of trinitarian theology
'Nice and hot disputes' : the Doctrine of the Trinity in the seventeenth century
The doctrine of the trinity : Croall lectures, 1942-1943
Understanding the Trinity
The concept of Christ's preexistence in the trinitarian theology of Robert W. Jenson : an exposition and critique
In 'Irenaeus on the trinity', Jackson Lashier provides a fresh reading of Irenaeus' understanding of God, in dialogue with his opponents and sources, which reveals a more developed Trinitarian theology than traditionally thought. Key Trinitarian themes that emerge are the Fatherhood of God, the mutual indwelling relations of Father, Son, and Spirit, and the cooperative divine work of all three in the economy. The study finds Irenaeus' thought to depart in these areas from standard second century trajectories--Apologists and Gnostics--moving Trinitarian theology in the direction of more developed Trinitarian thought of later centuries. This monograph offers not only a better understanding of Irenaeus' thought, but also a fuller picture of the development of Trinitarian thought in early Christianity.
Gregory of Nyssa's Contra Eunomium, one of the major books on trinitarian theology of the 4th century, documents the exchange between Eunomius and the Cappadocian Father in the last episode of the so-called "Arian Crisis". The present volume is devoted to the third and last book of Contra Eunomium. It offers a fresh English translation with a running commentary in the form of ten studies by first-rank specialists. Seventeen shorter papers enlighten various aspects of Contra Eunomium and other writings of the same author. The contributions will be of interest for scholars of historical and systematical theology, philosophy, spirituality, rhetoric and the history of the Early Church.
The experience of God : Orthodox dogmatic theology. Vol. 1 : Revelation and knowledge of the triune God
his is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. This is the first book to look closely at the contested reception of Peter Lombard's Sentences and its eventual triumph at the Fourth Lateran Council. By placing Peter Lombard's career and works within the broader frame of twelfth-century ideas, practice, and institutions, the author explores and contextualizes the controversies that attended the publication of the Sentences. At the same time, she also traces the growing popularity of the Sentences and its increasing prestige and importance among the literary elites of Northern Europe. The book argues that the allegations of error made against Lombard's Christology and Trinitarian theology in the period between 1156 and 1215 must be understood in the longer history of intellectual controversy in the Schools of Northern Europe. In the trials of Berengar of Tours, Abelard, and Gilbert of Poitiers, the author uncovers a consistent tradition of critique within the schools which, she then shows, inform subsequent criticisms of Peter Lombard's intellectual legacy. Concomitantly, she explores how responses made in support of the Sentences, against men such as Gerhoh of Reichersberg and Joachim of Fiore, consolidated the emerging canonical status of the work as a textbook in theology which would be finally endorsed at Lateran IV. As such, this study challenges our understanding of the making of orthodoxy in the twelfth century.
The doctrine of the Trinity : God's being is in becoming
The holy trinity in the life of the church
Reason and belief in the age of Roscelin and Abelard
Triads and trinity
Persons, divine and human : King's College essays in theological anthropology
Trinity, time, and church : a response to the theology of Robert W. Jenson
Doctrines of the Trinity in Eastern and Western theologies : a study with special reference to K. Barth and V. Lossky
Augustine and the Trinity
God's being in reconciliation : the theological basis of the unity and diversity of the Atonement in the theology of Karl Barth
Times of the trinity : a proposal for theistic cosmology
The quest for the Trinity : the doctrine of God in scripture, history, and modernity
Anselm (1033-1109) described the 'Monologion', his first major theological work, as a model meditation on the divine essence; and he enjoined his potential critics to read Augustine's De trinitate diligently and then judge the 'Monologion'by it. In following Anselm's admonition, I have paid particular attention to Anselm's claims about the persuasiveness of his arguments, and probed the cogency of some of the many arguments that make up the 'Monologion'. The result is something like a critical companion to the 'Monologion'. It is not meant to replace an actual reading of the 'Monologion', which is an experience worth having, since no interpretation or paraphrase can capture the feeling of wading through Anselm's analytic arguments. And I have resisted the common tendency of reading the 'Monologion'merely as a prelude to its more evocative sequel, the 'Proslogion'.
Scripture and metaphysics : Aquinas and the renewal of Trinitarian theology
One of the most pressing issues in the doctrine of the atonement today is the question of the unity and diversity of the work of Christ. What are we to make of the diversity within the biblical witness and the history of doctrine when it comes to explanations of the meaning and significance of Jesus' death and resurrection? Without a grasp of the unity of his work, our understanding and use of the diversity runs the risk of becoming haphazard and disordered. Proposals regarding the unity of Christ's work today tend to focus on the metaphorical nature of language, the role of culture, and various possible conceptual schemes, rarely reflecting on unity and diversity proper to the being God. To fill this gap, Johnson draws on Karl Barth's integrated account of the doctrines of God and reconciliation, harnessing the resources contained within the doctrines of the Trinity and divine perfections to energize a properly theological account of the unity and diversity of the atonement.
'The little commonwealth of man' : the Trinitarian origins of the ethical and political philosophy of Ralph Cudworth
Knowing God by name : a conversation between Elizabeth A. Johnson and Karl Barth / Cherith Fee Nordling
The Christian doctrine of God, one being three persons
Theologica varia inedita saeculi XIV
The transforming God : an interpretation of suffering and evil
Trinitarian theology in the medieval west
Communicating the most high : a systematic study of person and trinity in the theology of Richard of St. Victor ([d.] 1173)
Experiences in theology : ways and forms of Christian theology
The triune identity : God according to the Gospel
Beloved community : critical dogmatics after Christendom
Metaphysics and the tri-personal God
Remythologizing theology : divine action, passion and authorship
Trinitarian self and salvation : an evangelical engagement with Rahner's rule
Perichoresis and personhood : God, Christ, and salvation in John of Damascus
Trinity and religious pluralism : the doctrine of the Trinity in Christian theology of religions
The Trinity : insights from the mystics
On the Holy Spirit
After our likeness : the Church as image of the trinity
Marsilius of Inghen's Sentences Commentary is a crucial piece of evidence in the history of thought between Ockham and Luther, covering almost the complete range of items important in pre-modern philosophy and theology. The part edited here is concerned with the Trinity, dealing with the unity and the distinction of the divine persons. It addresses the use of logic in theology, the dialectics between authority and reason, and reveals new evidence on the debates between Realists and Nominalists at the Universities of Paris and Heidelberg. The present edition provides the reader a first critical text based on an assessment of all textual witnesses, thus offering an indispensable tool for uncovering the intricacies of Scholasticism at the eve of Reformation.
The mystery of the Triune God
Theology for the community of God
Oxford readings in philosophical theology. Volume 1, Trinity, incarnation, atonement
The Christian vision of God
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 2
This book presents a contextual study of the life and work of the Cambridge Platonist Ralph Cudworth (1617-1688). Focusing on the theological basis of Cudworth's ethical philosophy, this book unlocks the hitherto ignored political aspect to Cudworth's ethical philosophy. Through a detailed examination of Cudworth's published works - particularly his voluminous "True intellectual system of the Universe" -, his posthumously published writings, and his 'freewill' manuscripts Benjamin Carter argues that the ethical and political arguments in Cudworth's philosophy develop out of Cudworth's Trinitarian theology. Carter traces the link between Cudworth's trinitarianism and his ethical and political ideas by placing Cudworth's work in the turbulent religious and intellectual context of seventeenth-century England, and the University of Cambridge in particular.
The Oxford Handbook of Christology brings together 40 authoritative essays considering the theological study of the nature and role of Jesus Christ. This collection offers dynamic perspectives within the study of Christology and provides rigorous discussion of inter-confessional theology, which would not have been possible even 60 years ago. The first of the seven parts considers Jesus Christ in the Bible. Rather than focusing solely on the New Testament, this section begins with discussion of the modes of God's self-communication to us and suggests that Christ's most original incarnation is in the language of the Hebrew Bible. The second section considers Patristics Christology. These essays explore the formation of the doctrines of the person of Christ and the atonement between the First Council of Nicaea in 325 and the eve of the Second Council of Nicaea. The next section looks at Mediaeval theology and tackles the development of the understanding of who Christ was and of his atoning work. The section on 'Reformation and Christology' traces the path of the Reformation from Luther to Bultmann. The fifth section tackles the new developments in thinking about Christ which have emerged in the modern and the postmodern eras, and the sixth section explains how beliefs about Jesus have affected music, poetry, and the arts. The final part concludes by locating Christology within systematic theology, asking how it relates to Christian belief as a whole. This comprehensive volume provides an invaluable resource and reference for scholars, students, and general readers interested in the study of Christology.
The Father's spirit of sonship : reconceiving the Trinity
Should Christianity's theological face remain largely European and North American in the twenty-first century in the wake of the expansion of Christianity in sub-Saharan Africa, Asia, and Latin America? The question about the "theological face" of Christianity cannot be ignored. For too long African, Asian, and Latin American theologians have been left out of mainstream theological discussions. Few standard textbooks on Christian theology acknowledge the unique contributions theologians from these continents have made to global Christianity. Introducing Christian Theologies: Voices from Global Christian Communities is a two-volume textbook that alters the predominantly European and North American "theological face" of Christianity by interacting with the voices of the Christian communities from around the globe. Introducing Christian Theologies explores the works of key theologians from across the globe, highlighting their unique contributions to Christian theology and doctrine. --
The great mystery : or how can three be one?
Mere Christianity
The complete C.S. Lewis Signature classics
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on God in the Trinity
Trinitarian theology, West and East : Karl Barth, the Cappadocian Fathers and John Zizioulas
Trina deitas : the controversy between Hincmar and Gottschalk
Divine production in late medieval Trinitarian theology : Henry of Ghent, Duns Scotus, and William Ockham
The Divine Trinity
Athenagoras : a study in second century Christian apologetic
Christ and the cosmos : a reformulation of Trinitarian doctrine
The Oxford handbook of Christology
Reportatio I-A : The examined report of the Paris lecture : Latin text and English translation. Volume 2
Invitation to world missions : a trinitarian missiology for the twenty-first century
Systematic theology. Vol. 1, Prolegomena - Bibliology - Theology proper
God as Trinity : relationality and temporality in divine life
One word, one body, one voice : studies in apophatic theology and Christocentric anthropology in Gregory of Nyssa
Invitation to World Missions combines a strong biblical anchor with practical suggestions. This unique text is arranged in three parts according to the Trinity's roles, relationships, and activity. Tennent questions whether missions as currently conceptualized is adequate and he challenges the reader by building the book around key theological foundations such as "mission dei" and the "new creation" vision for the global church. This volume will call and enable the reader to understand how missions is biblically and theologically basic to Christianity, and how missions is essential to living out an abundant and impassioned life.
The triune God : a biblical, historical, and theological study
God is love : the contemporary theological movement of interpreting the Trinity as God's relational being
The Sentences. Book 1, The mystery of Trinity
Gregory of Nyssa : Contra Eunomium III : an English translation with commentary and supporting studies : proceedings of the 12th International Colloquium on Gregory of Nyssa (Leuven, 14-17 September 2010)
Tertullian against Praxeas
The mystery of the Holy Trinity in the fathers of the church : the proceedings of the fourth Patristic Conference, Maynooth, 1999
The doctrine of God in African Christian thought : the holy Trinity, theological hermeneutics and the African intellectual culture
The Oxford handbook of the Trinity
The Rublev Trinity : the icon of the Trinity by the monk-painter Andrei Rublev
Is the trinity doctrine divinely inspired?
Disciplining the divine : toward an (im)political theology
The God of Jesus Christ : meditations on the Triune God
"How do Christians reconcile their belief in one God with the concept of three divine 'persons'? This Companion provides an overview of how the Christian doctrine of the Trinity has been understood and articulated in the last two thousand years. The Trinitarian theologies of key theologians, from the New Testament to the twentieth century, are carefully examined and the doctrine of the Trinity is brought into dialogue with non-Christian religions as well as with other Christian beliefs. Authors from a range of denominational backgrounds explore the importance of Trinitarian thought, locating the Trinity within the wider context of systematic theology. Contemporary theology has seen a widespread revival of the doctrine of the Trinity and this book incorporates the most recent developments in the scholarship"--
Trinity : nexus of the mysteries of Christian faith
Knowing the triune God : the work of the Spirit in the practices of the church
Trinity and salvation : theological, spiritual, and aesthetic perspectives
The one and the three : nature, person and triadic monarchy in the Greek and Irish patristic tradition
On God and Christ : the five theological orations and two letters to Cledonius
Rediscovering the triune God : the Trinity in contemporary theology
The trial of the Gospel : an apologetic reading of Luke's trial narratives
God : three who are one
Jürgen Moltmann's ethics of hope : eschatological possibilities for moral action
"Begotten, not made" : conceiving manhood in late antiquity
Trinitarian theology today : essays on divine being and act
The theological epistemology of Augustine's De Trinitate
Irenaeus on the Trinity
Trinitarian intelligibility: an analysis of contemporary discussions : an investigation of Western academic trinitarian theology of the late twentieth century
The depth of the riches : a Trinitarian theology of religious ends
Basil of Caesarea's Anti-Eunomian theory of names : Christian theology and late-antique philosophy in the fourth century trinitarian controversy
"The rise of modern science and the proclaimed 'death' of God in the nineteenth century led to a radical questioning of divine action and authorship - Bultmann's celebrated 'demythologizing'. Remythologizing Theology moves in another direction that begins by taking seriously the biblical accounts of God's speaking. It establishes divine communicative action as the formal and material principle of theology, and suggests that interpersonal dialogue, rather than impersonal causality, is the keystone of God's relationship with the world. This original contribution to the theology of divine action and authorship develops a new vision of Christian theism. It also revisits several long-standing controversies such as the relations of God's sovereignty to human freedom, time to eternity, and suffering to love. Groundbreaking and thought-provoking, it brings theology into fruitful dialogue with philosophy, literary theory, and biblical studies"--Provided by publisher.
Toward a pneumatological theology : pentecostal and ecumenical perspectives on ecclesiology, soteriology, and theology of mission
The One, the Three and the Many : god, creation and the culture of modernity : the 1992 Bampton Lectures
The Trinity and ecumenical church thought : the church-event
Karl Barth's trinitarian theology : a study in Karl Barth's analogical use of the trinitarian relation
Novatian was a priest of Rome in the third century who wrote a commentary on the Rule of Faith, commonly titled, 'On the Trinity'. Although the document is not well known outside of the field of early Christian studies, it made an important contribution to the doctrine of the Trinity in the early Church, and as several scholars have maintained, it helped set the stage for the definition of the faith known as the Nicene Creed. Novatian would eventually find himself at the center of a controversy which led to a schism of the Church, and so his works were relegated to obscurity for centuries. However, in its time, Novatian's 'On the Trinity' was the epitome of Roman theology, and as some have argued, it was even ahead of its time. The present volume contains the complete works of Novatian translated into English, with an introduction and full bibliography of Novatian studies. This new translation takes into account the latest scholarship on Novatian, and brings the documents up to a new level of clarity and readability.
Trinity and incarnation in Anglo-Saxon art and thought
The one, the many, and the Trinity : Joseph A. Bracken and the challenge of process metaphysics
The neo-palamite synthesis of Father Dumitru Stăniloae
Trinitarian faith and today's mission
Classical trinitarian theology : a textbook
Encounter with the triune God?
The Trinity
Embraced by the Father and the Son in the unity of the Holy Spirit : a study of the Trinity and the mystical life in the works of Jan van Ruusbroec
The passionate triangle
The God of Jesus Christ
Trinity and election in contemporary theology
Invocation and assent : the making and remaking of Trinitarian theology
The Trinity and the Kingdom of God : the doctrine of God
The logic of the Trinity : Augustine to Ockham
The Trinity : global perspectives
Foundations with faces : a prolegomenon to a postliberal doctrine of God
Mystery unveiled : the crisis of the Trinity in early modern England
Introducing christian theologies. Volume one, Voices from global Christian communities
There is a growing body of historical literature on the importance of John Owen. Ryan M. McGraw seeks to reassess Owen's theology in light of the way in which he connected his trinitarian piety to his views of public worship. McGraw argues that Owen's teaching on communion with God as triune was the foundation of his views of public worship and that he regarded public worship as the highest expression of communion with the triune God. These themes not only highlight Owen's context as a Reformed orthodox theologian, but the distinctive influence of English Puritanism on his theological emphases. The connection between his practical trinitarianism and public worship runs through the course of his writings and every major area of his theology. These include the nature of theology, the knowledge of God, the doctrine of the Trinity, public worship, spiritual affections, apostasy, covenant theology, ecclesiology, and Christology. This work treats these themes in Owen's thought and shows how they intersect and are intertwined with the Trinity and public worship. In addition, this book provides a detailed exposition of the parts of Reformed worship. While other works have treated the centrality of his trinitarianism in his theology, few have acknowledged the importance of public worship in his thinking. This research concludes that communion with God in public worship was integral to Owen's practical trinitarian theology.
St. Irenaeus of Lyons Against the heresies. Book 3
The person & work of the Holy Spirit
Systematic theology. 1, The triune God
What are they saying about the Trinity?
Bibliographia Sociniana : a bibliographical reference tool for the study of Dutch Socinianism and Antitrinitarianism
Introduction to Saint Gregory Palamas
A heavenly directory : trinitarian piety, public worship and a reassessment of John Owen's theology
Participating in God : a pastoral doctrine of the trinity
Pannenberg on the Triune God
Renewing pastoral practice : Trinitarian perspectives on pastoral care and counselling
The Christian faith : an introduction to Christian doctrine
From logos to trinity : the evolution of religious beliefs from Pythagoras to Tertullian
The mystery of the Trinity
Abba, Father we long to see your face : theological insights into the first person of the Trinity
The birth of the trinity : Jesus, God, and spirit in New Testament and early Christian interpretations of the Old Testament
Thomas F. Torrance : theologian of the Trinity
Compendium of theology
God for us : the Trinity and Christian life
The promise of Trinitarian theology
On the trinity, Letters to Cyprian of Carthage, Ethical treatises
The concept of the 'social Trinity', which posits three conscious subjects in God, radically revised the traditional Christian idea of the Creator. It promoted a view of God as a passionate, creative, and responsive source of all being. Keith Ward argues that social Trinitarian thinking threatens the unity of God, however, and that this new view of God does not require a 'social' component. Expanding on the work of theologians such as Barth and Rahner, who insisted that there was only one mind of God, Ward offers a coherent, wholly monotheistic interpretation of the Trinity. Christ and the Cosmos analyses theistic belief in a scientific context, demonstrating the necessity of cosmology to theological thinking that is often overly myopic and anthropomorphic. This important volume will benefit those who seek to understand what the Trinity is, why it matters, and how it fits into a scientific account of the universe.
The three-personed God : the Trinity as a mystery of salvation
Systematic theology. Volume I : the triune God
Defending the "people of truth" in the early Islamic period : the Christian apologies of Abū Rā̕̕iṭah
A theology of alterity : Levinas, Von Balthasar, and Trinitarian praxis
God as communion : John Zizioulas, Elizabeth Johnson, and the retrieval of the symbol of the Triune God
The trinity : an introduction to Catholic doctrine on the triune God
