http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1761 financial aid
financial aid
A bed for the night : humanitarianism in crisis
Power of the purse? : Norway as a donor in the conditionality epoch 1980-2000
Results report 2011 : aid and conflict
Refugees in international politics
Analysis on diverse meanings of good governance principles in ten relief organizations
Towards effective and sustainable seed relief activities : report of the Workshop on Effective and Sustainable Seed Relief Activities, Rome, 26-28 May 2003 : edited by Louise Sperling, Thomas Osborn and David Cooper
A death-struck year
Forbidden lessons in a Kabul guesthouse : the true story of one woman who risked everything to bring hope to Afghanistan
Charity, politics and the third world
Direct to the poor : grassroots development in Latin America
Toward an evangelical missiology of humanitarian aid ministry
Korea's changing roles in Southeast Asia : expanding influence and relations
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The mean season : the attack on the welfare state
As between brothers : the story of Lutheran response to world need
Toolkits : a practical guide to assessment, monitoring, review and evaluation
Giving : how each of us can change the world
Weakening welfare : the public distribution of food in India
The Turkish waqf
Process evaluation of business subsidies in Finland : a quantitative approach
Creditor reporting system : aid activities in support of water supply and sanitation 2001-2006
The Marshall plan and its meaning
Trade, aid and global interdependence
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2008 = Support granted by the Arts Council
The business of being an artist
Ministries of service 1975
Resources, governance and civil conflict
Administrating poverty : studies of intake organization and social assistance in Sweden
Nonprofit Kit for dummies
Competition and innovation : microeconometric evidence using Finnish data
Abstract: The poor in diaconal work.
Analysis of deviations and delays in aid disbursements
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
The politics of foreign aid
Managing poverty : the limits of social assistance
Beyond Europe : the globalization of Refugee Aid
The poor in England, 1700-1850 : an economy of makeshifts
Help from Brussels : The pace guide to EC grants and other assistance
Valuation of economic benefits from the Finnish salmonella control program = An economic assessment of effects of the Finnish salmonella control program on trade
European economy. Reports and studies. 1995, 2, Report on the implementation of macro-financial assistance to third countries in 1994.
Black flags and windmills : hope, anarchy, and the Common Ground Collective
Anatomy of disaster relief : the international network in action
Support of families with children in Swedish welfare law : two reports from a conference
Globally oriented citizenship and international voluntary service
Do donors target aid in line with the Millennium Development Goals? : a sector perspective of aid allocation
Effects of permanent and non-permanent forest policy means on timber supply
Developing your case for support
The European Community's food aid
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 1, Foundations
Charity costumes of children, scholars, almsfolk, pensioners
Out of poverty : what works when traditional approaches fail
This Discussion Paper explores Nigeria's human development aid to Africa, Caribbean and Pacific countries under its international volunteer programme called the Technical Aid Corps (TAC). It critically examines the relationship between participation in international civic service and civic nationalism. Using a combination of empirical and analytical methods, the author is able to provide insights into the impact of two decades of Nigeria's aid diplomacy within the context of South-South solidarity and into the inculcation of values linked to globally oriented citizenship in TAC volunteers. The findings of this study are of value to those interested in emerging African development cooperation in the global South and the expanding notions of citizenship beyond borders. Scholars, development actors and policymakers will find this study refreshingly different and highly informative.
Climate-smart agriculture : possible roles of agricultural universities in a strengthened Norwegian climate change engagement in Africa
Margins of welfare : a study of modern functions of social assistance
Taidetoimikuntien myöntämä tuki 2007 = Support granted by the Arts Council
A collection of articles that emerged from the experience of the Inter-American Foundation, a U.S. government agency that supports self-help efforts by the poor in Latin America and the Caribbean to mobilize through collective action. Taken together, they illuminate a region in change, in large part because it is becoming more organized at all levels.
Reaching out to underpriviledged lawyers
Finnish Relief Fund, Inc. : report to American donors : December 1939 - July 1940.
The Africa policies of Nordic Countries and erosion of the Nordic aid model : a comparative study
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Results report 2014 : human rights and democracy
Alone you get nowhere : an attempt at assessing the involvement of personel in the Sudan relief and rehabilition programme 1972-1975
Handbook of the economics of giving, altruism and reciprocity. Vol. 2, Applications
Emma's war : love, betrayal and death in the Sudan
The impact of the World Bank aid on developing countries
Economic value added from EU investment subsidies : evidence from the Finnish fish industry
Grants and loans from the European Community
Enterprise and social benefits after communism
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state -induced relocation policy
Soul feathers : an anthology to aid the work of Macmillan cancer support
Family matters : parents living with children in old age
Poverty and aid
Emergency relief sector : doing business with the United Nations
Justice in a globalized world : a normative framework
Abstract (1 s.). Executive summary (5 s.).
Resettlement from the Russian North : an analysis of state-induced relocation policy
American foundations : an investigative history
New funds, better rules : overview of new financial rules and funding opportunities 2007-2013 : a beginners' guide
Humanitarian Charter and minimum standards in humanitarian response
Outcomes of forest improvement work in Finland
Beneath moral economy : informal assistance in early 20th century Finland
Industry development  tools in Finnish and Latvian forest industries
In support of Spanish democracy
Addresses and reports to the annual consultation : being the addresses and reports presented to the annual consultation on "the church's mission and role of inter-church aid" organised by the Division of Inter-church Aid and Service to Refugees of the World Council of Churches, Les Rasses, Switzerland May 28th to June 2nd, 1956.
Guide to European Community grants and loans : for commerce, industry, local authorities, academic and research institutions
Cheating welfare : public assistance and the criminalization of poverty
Comparison of methodologies to evaluate aid programs to nonindustrial private forests
Refugees : the trauma of exile : the humanitarian role of Red Cross and Red Crescent
Education and sustainable solution to human trafficking in Sindupalchock, Nepal
Enduring witness : the churches and the Palestinians. Vol. 2
Acts of compassion : caring for others and helping ourselves
Understanding voluntary organizations
Conflicting Strategies to Enhance Foreign Aid Efficacy in Africa : the millennium villages, randomized trials and free trade
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Three cups of tea : one man's mission to promote peace... one school at a time
An imperfect offering : dispatches from the medical frontline
How to best present charities̕ annual reports so that they meet the needs of all stakeholders
Stones into schools: promoting peace with books, not bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Operational security management in violent environments : a field manual for aid agencies
Philanthropy in Russia : public attitudes and participation
Business start-ups in the EC : support programmes
Addressing state fragility in Africa : a need to challenge the established ‘wisdom’?
Kansainvälisille kansalaisjärjestöille (INGO) suunnatun tuen arvointi = Evaluation of support allocated to international non-governmental organisations (INGO) : loppuraportti
Gift parcel post for Finland after World War 2.
Fast-wood forestry : myths and realities
