http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17621 Udmurts
Udmurts
On the categories and functions developed from the possessive and deictic suffixes in Udmurt
From the experience of contrastive study of verb tense deixis in Finnish and Udmurt
The family in Russia and Udmurtia : everyday challenges and variations in identity
Some aspects of modernization in Udmurt rural society
Select bibliography
The ethnography of the Mari, the Mordovians and the Udmurts
Borrowed vocabulary in Mari and Udmurt dialects
Ethnic and linguistic context of identity : Finno-Ugric minorities
Udmurt vyžy pus"ës = Semejnye znaki udmurtov = Family signs of the udmurts
Northern religions and shamanism
Perceptions of worldviews
On the semantics of Udmurt verbs
The varieties of the modern Udmurt language
Laulu kulttuurisena kommunikaationa = Song as cultural communication = Pesnâ kak sredstvо kul'turnoj kommunikacii : proceedings from the Runosong Academy Jubilee Seminar, 8-10 October 2010
Udmurtskoe narodnoe iskusstvo = Folk arts and crafts in Udmurtia = Az udmurt népi díszítomuvészet
Kazan' Teacher's Seminary and the awakening of the Finnic peoples of the Volga-Urals region
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
Prevalence of depressions among Udmurts
The substitution principle of A. M. Peshkovsky in prosodic system of Udmurt
Solo improvisations of the Northern Udmurts : to the problem of genre
The determinative/emphasizing suffix in the Udmurt and Lithuanian languages and similar phenomena in other languages
Survey of the Uralic languages
Peoples' lives : songs and stories, magic and law
Mi - udmurt"ës. Z̈ečes'-a? / My - udmurty. Zdravstvujte! / Vladimir Vladykin = We are the udmurts. Nice to meet you! / Vladimir Vladykin
The Votyak (Udmurt)
Latest reports on ethnology
The main pre-Christian gods of the Udmurts and sacred places surrounding the Udmurt village Nižnie Juraši
Arctic studies. 5, Cultural identity of Arctic peoples
The traditional song in an urban conditions
Settlement names in the Uralian languages
Tradicionnoe dekorativnoe iskusstvo udmurtov = Udmurtëslèn čeber kiužëssyâ ustolyk udyssy = The traditional decorative art of Udmurtia
From the Volga to Siberia : the Finno-Ugric peoples in today's Russia
To the question about the industrial vocabulary of the Udmurt potters
Udmurt-Russian bilingualism and prosodic interference
Udmurt-English-Finnish dictionary with a basic grammar of Udmurt
Examination of the common Votyak and Hungarian vocabulary
Invisible tears of disappearing Udmurt villages
Description of the lexical semantics of verbs in Udmurt
The East Finnic minorities in the Soviet Union : an appraisal of the erosive trends
To light... to life... : memory. Kuzebai Gerd. 100 years
Subjective estimation and possessivity in Udmurt nouns
On the literary sources of M. G. Khudiakov's Song of Udmurt heroes
Event structure, aspect, and quantification : a case study on Finnish and Udmurt
Geographical distribution of the Uralic languages
Tallinna Kunstiülikooli kümme soome-ugri uurimisreisi = Desjat ekspeditsi Tallinskogo universiteta iskusstv k finno-ugorskim narodam = Tallinn Art University's ten expeditions to the Finno-Ugrians
The simplification of the FU-transcription in Udmurt
From sacrificial rituals into national festivals : post-Soviet transformations of Udmurt tradition
Commentationes Fenno-Ugricae in honorem Paavo Ravila
Udmurtskoje narodnoje iskusstvo = Folk arts and crafts in Udmurtia = Az udmurt népi díszítomuvészet
Changes in Udmurt buildings and villages in the second half of the twentieth century
Marym, lèsâ... : udmurt kyl nyrys' kutskis'ësly : dyšetskon ëzèt = Udmurtskij âzyk dlâ načinaûŝih = Udmurt for beginners
Computational morphologies for small uralic languages
Relationship between the clothing and the abstract reasons of morality
Up to date basic information on the Volga Finns
Udmurt batyr"ës = Udmurtskie batyry = The Udmurt batyr
Hidden rituals and public performances : traditions and belonging among the post-Soviet Khanty, Komi and Udmurts
Onomatopoeia and meaning in Udmurt
Typology of quantification : on quantifiers and quantification in Finnish and languages spoken in the central Volga-Kama region
The great oxen of twilight : storytelling and riddlemaking at calendar solstices
Udmurt texts
The Uralic languages
The Finno-Ugric peoples
Iso karhu : arkistokuvia etäisten kielisukulaistemme asuinsijoilta = The great bear : old photographs of the Volga-Finnic, Permian Finnic and Ob-Ugrian peoples
The abessive in the Permic languages
Conception of national education development in Udmurt republic
Acoustical comparison of the monophthong system in Finnish, Mongolian and Udmurt
