http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17628 property law
property law
Illicit antiquities : the theft of culture and the extinction of archaeology
Towards a European civil code
Smith & Keenan's English law
The interaction of contract law and tort and property law in Europe : a comparative study
Dicey, Morris and Collins on the conflict of laws. Volume 1
Treasure hunting? : collectors and collections of Indonesian artefacts
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 6
Property law perspectives. III
Data protection, privacy and European regulation in the digital age
Property rights dynamics : a law and economics perspective
Dicey and Morris on the conflict of laws
An introduction to Swedish real property law
Modern law of real property
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : draft common frame of reference (DCFR)
Museums and Human Dignity : the Debate on Cultural Colonization and the Repatriation of Indigenous People
Elements of land law
Research handbook on the economics of property law
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 4
This book contains a collection of peer reviewed papers presented at the ninth biennial Modern Studies in Property Law conference held at the University of Southampton in March 2012. It is the 7th volume to be published under the name of the conference. The conference and its published proceedings have become an established forum for property lawyers from around the world to showcase current research in the discipline. This collection reflects both the breadth of modern research in property law and its international dimensions. Incorporating a keynote address by Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe,
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 3
The new law of land registration
Modern law of personal property in England and Ireland
Making things better : a workbook on ritual, cultural values, and environmental behavior
Property law : cases and materials
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of legal science. Volume 6, Property and trust : Chapter 7 : Security in immovables
The future of European property law
Contents of real rights
Debating the archaeological heritage
Modern studies in property law. Volume 2, Property 2002
Modern studies in property law. Volume 5
Legal issues in cloud computing : managing customer's risks
Commercial and intellectual property law and practice 2014
An introduction to Finnish law
Playing darts with a Rembrandt : public and private rights in cultural treasures
Law, ethics and the visual arts
Property law and the public interest : cases and materials
The making of European private law : towards a Ius Commune Europaeum as a mixed legal system
Proprietary security in movable assets : (PEL Prop. Sec.)
Fundamentals of Roman private law
Nature as property : environmental ethics and the institution of ownership
Modern studies in property law / Volume 7
Property and trust law : Finland
Summary
New perspectives on property law, human rights and the home
Ownership and use of land
Fundamentals of American law
Business law forum 2005
The legal framework of TRIPS compulsory licence system reflected on access to medicines
The principle of numerus clausus in European property law
The law of secured finance : an international survey of security interests over personal property
The relationship between the tax laws and laws on real estate.
Divergences of property law, an obstacle to the internal market?
Law and the cultural heritage. Vol. 3, The movement
International trade legislation in the Baltic region : a collection of contributions by participants in the seminar on the theme "International trade in the 2000s" in Stockholm, Sweden, on 19-20 april 1999.
The law of property
Limited liability company - one example of new theory of property law
Legitimacy and law in the Roman world : tabulae in Roman belief and practice
Civil code of the Russian federation : parts one, two and three
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 5
Modern studies in property law. Volume 8
In Making Things Better, A. David Napier demonstrates how anthropological description of non-Western exchange practices and beliefs can be a tonic for contemporary economic systems in which our impersonal relationship to "things" transforms the animate elements of social life into inanimate sets of commodities. Such a fundamental transformation, Napier suggests, makes us automatons in globally integrated social circuits that generate a cast of a winners and losers engaged in hostile competition for wealth and power. Our impersonal relations to "things"-and to people as well-are so ingrained in our being, we take them for granted as we sleepwalk through routine life. Like the surrealist artists of the 1920s who, through their art, poetry, films, and photography, fought a valiant battle against mind-numbing conformity, Napier provides exercises and practica designed to shock the reader from their wakeful sleep. These demonstrate powerfully the positively integrative social effects of more socially entangled, non-Western orientations to "things" and to "people." His arguments also have implications for the rights and legal status of indigenous peoples, which are drawn out in the course of the book.
European Union property law : from fragments to a system
Dead man's time
A casebook on roman property law
Who owns objects? : the ethics and politics of collecting cultural artefacts : proceedings of the first St Cross - All Souls seminar series and workshop, Oxford, October-December 2004
International sales of works of art
International loans, bonds and securities regulation
Principles, definitions and model rules of European private law : Draft Common Frame of Reference (DCFR). Volume 2
A manual of the law of real property
Reciprocity under the GNU General Public licenses
New perspectives on property law, obligations and restitution
The return of cultural treasures
Crossley Vaines' Personal property
The edonomics of legal relationships : readings in the theory of property rights
Understanding property law
Security interests in personal property law
Teacher's manual to accompany cases and materials on property law
Cheshire and Burn's modern law of real property
Modern studies in property law. Volume 1, Property 2000
Security rights and the lack of a priority debate: how to proceed with choice of law and harmonization?
Corporeal moveables in Scots law
Basic principles of property law : a comparative legal and economic introduction
Trade in illicit antiquities : the destruction of the world's archaeological heritage
Landmark cases in property law
Legal foundations of Russian economy
Introduction to Swiss law
Privity of contract and third party rights in European construction projects
The right to property and the European convention on human rights : a nordic approach
Loot, legitimacy and ownership : the ethical crisis in archaeology
Whose culture? : the promise of museums and the debate over antiquities
Cases, materials and text on property law
