http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17681 office work
office work
Freedom's just another word for people finding out you're useless : a Dilbert book
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 16 = Part 16 : Suorakäyttödialogi
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
This is the part where you pretend to add value : a Dilbert book
Sometimes the dragon wins : yet more urban folklore from the paperwork empire
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 16 = Part 16, Suorakäyttödialogi = Direct manipulation dialogues
Careers in secretarial and office work
Why don't sheep shrink when it rains? : a further collection of photocopier folklore
Office automation and work for women
Value stream management for the lean office : 8 steps to planning, mapping, and sustaining lean improvements in administrative areas
Offices for the digital age in USA
Case study summary report
Problem identified : and you're probably not part of the solution
Human factors of information technology in the office
Administrative assistant's & secretary's handbook
From managing the phones, coordinating meetings, and preparing presentations to planning events, crafting clear business communications, and deciphering legal documents, administrative assistants need to be everything to everyone, all the time.
Management skills for the occupational therapy assistant
Breathe : everyone has to do it
Women's office work and coping with technological change
Dilbert 2.0 : 20 years of Dilbert
Administrative assistant's and secretary's handbook
The office. Season four
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 12 = Part 12, Tiedon esittäminen = Presentation of  information
Flow in the office : implementing and sustaining lean improvement
Architects' data sheets. 03, office spaces
Social construction of information systems : an office worker's standpoint
The office. Season one
The office. Joulun erikoisjaksot
The office. Season two
Advanced offices & humans
Mac at work
Still pumped from using the mouse : a Dilbert book
Never try to teach a pig to sing : still more urban folklore from the paperwork empire
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 7 = Part 7 : Näytön vaatimukset heijastusten suhteen
The office. 2. tuotantokausi
The responsive office : people and change
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 1
The complete lean enterprise : value stream mapping for administrative and office processes
14 years of loyal service in a fabric-covered box : a Dilbert book
Mental workload : research on computer-aided design work and on the implementation of office automation
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 2
I can't remember if we're cheap or smart : Dilbert
Far from the factory : lean for the information age
When body language goes bad
New technology @ work
The thesis introduces the factors, which influence the most for the employment contract strategy of a company in relation to office workers. The factors are being examined from companies  ́ point of view. This allows one to show the most influential factors in relation to employees  employment contract strategy from its actual perspective. The research also shows what is the linkage between these factors and the employment contract strategies considering business field.  Companies past and current employment contract forms used are being explained in the study and the future intentional strategies in relation to contract forms are being studied here.       These issues are more closely being studied from a company   ́s perspective in a case Kesko food. The case analyses Kesko food  ́s employment contract strategy from the past few years until the five next years to come.
Benson's cuckoos
Improving an order-delivery process with Process Management and Lean methodology : case: Startex Oy
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Erconomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals. Osa 17 = Part 17 : Lomakepohjainen dialogi
Your accomplishments are suspiciously hard to verify
Work in progress : course book
Lean office and service simplified : the definitive how-to guide
On the handling of exceptions in information systems
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 15 = Part 15, Komentodialogi = Command dialogues
Excuse me while I wag : a Dilbert book
"The ultimate guide for all management, personal, and executive assistants and secretaries, The Definitive Personal Assistant and Secretarial Handbook places specific emphasis on career development, providing guidance and advice on career advancement. Author Sue France offers help with time management, networking, relationship management, communication, and confidence. This updated third edition contains new chapters on neuroscience and how it affects job performance and how to use social media, as well as a detailed chapter on effective minute taking, telephone (especially cell phone) etiquette, and presentation skills. "--
This delightful book is the latest in the series of Ladybird books which have been specially planned to help grown-ups with the world about them. The large clear script, the careful choice of words, the frequent repetition and the thoughtful matching of text with pictures all enable grown-ups to think they have taught themselves to cope. Featuring original Ladybird artwork alongside brilliantly funny, brand new text.
Admen, mad men, and the real world of advertising : essential lessons for business and life
Butterflies, flowers. Vol. 3
The meeting
Women in towns : the social position of European urban women in a historical context
Try rebooting yourself : a Dilbert book
Psychophysiology and the electronic workplace
Teamwork means you can't pick the side that's right : a Dilbert book
Office information systems : the design process : proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.4 Working Conference on Office Information Systems: the Design Process, Linz, Austria, 15-17 August, 1988
Factors influencing environmentally responsible behavior in the Finnish service sector
Ergonomics in computerized offices
Design secrets : office spaces
The definitive personal assistant & secretarial handbook
A correlative study of the relationship between body awareness and sitting posture of a group of office workers
It's not funny if I have to explain it : a Dilbert book
Business first : basics for business communication : chapters 11-20
Summary of pilot cases
The office. Season three
The office. Season five
Office kaizen : transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 14 = Part 14, Valikkodialogi = Menu dialogues
New technology in the office environment
The ordinary images : a study on stock photography and gender
The psychosocial work environment and illness among office workers
The joy of work : Dilbert's guide to finding happiness at the expense of your co-workers
Adventures in stationery : a journey through your pencil case
The office. 1. tuotantokausi
Näyttöpäätteellä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs)
Factors influencing the choice of the most suitable employment contract strategy in relation to office workers : case: Kesko food
Beyond biomechanics : psychosocial aspects of musculoskeletal disorders in office work
Näyttöpäätteillä tehtävän toimistotyön ergonomiset vaatimukset : standardi = Ergonomic requirements for office work with visual display terminals (VDTs). Osa 13 = Part 13, Käyttäjäopastus = User guidance
A study of the factors that attract job seekers to professional service firms : implications for employer branding
The office : 2. tuotantokausi
This is the part where your pretend to add value : a Dilbert book
Modeling offices through discourse analysis : a comparison and evaluation of SAMPO with OSSAD and ICN
Lottas in their fields of work
Procedures & theory for administrative professionals
Stretching in the office
Home.work : setting up an office at home
Office kaizen : Transforming office operations into a strategic competitive advantage
Lack of muscle activity in leg muscles of office workers : effect of a dynamic office chair
Cubes and punishment : a Dilbert book
Manage an office : planning and creating a successful workplace
Positive attitude : a Dilbert book
The myth of the paperless office
Words you don't want to hear during your annual performance review : a Dilbert book
Casual day has gone too far : a Dilbert book
Seven years of highly defective people : Scott Adams' guided tour of the evolution of Dilbert
5S for the office : organizing the workplace to eliminate waste
