http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17692 industrial chemicals
industrial chemicals
European Community environment legislation. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
Toxic beauty : how hidden chemicals in cosmetics harm you
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 2
Simulation of a chemical recovery process
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 1
Chemicals in the environment : assessing and managing risk
Production of D-xylonate and organic acid tolerance in yeast
Bioprocessing for value-added products from renewable resources : new technologies and applications
National chemical profile of Finland
Papermaking science and technology. Book 7, Recycled fiber and deinking
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
What do experts and stakeholders think about chemical risks and uncertainties? : an Internet survey
The 4th International conference on environmental impacts of the pulp and paper industry : proceedings of the the conference, 12-15 June 2000, Helsinki, Finland
"Since its inception in the early 1950's, this book has become the "bible" for those who need to evaluate the hazard of substances used in commerce. The book contains extensive data on approximately 28,000 substances. It is designed to fill the information needs of professionals who must work with and evaluate the hazards of chemicals"--
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Papermaking science and technology. Book 20, Biorefining of forest resources
Environmental and health risks of industrial chemicals : Finnish-Estonian congress of toxicology 22.-24.05.1997 Tartu : abstracts
Dry Cleaning, Some Chlorinated Solvents and Other Industrial Chemicals
Merchants of doubt
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 3, F-Z
Fundamental concepts of environmental chemistry
A Practical Guide to Protecting Man and the Environment : Performance Fluids, Jayflex Plasticizers, Exxal and Acropol Alcohols, Cekanoic and Neo Acids, Specialty Ethers and Ether Alcohols, Higher Olefins
Clean technology and the environment
IBC Code : international code for the construction and equipment of ships carrying dangerous chemicals in bulk with standards and guidelines relevant to the code
Designed to accompany the new Open University course in Environmental Monitoring and Protection, this is one of four new titles which will equip the reader with the tools to undertake Environmental Impact Assessments (EIAs). Used in planning, decision-making and management, EIAs review both the theoretical principles and environmental considerations of engineering and environmental projects to help steer fundamental legislation in the right direction. This book begins with a discussion of the basics of the hydrological cycle and a description of the natural aquatic environment including the no.
Consolidated list of products whose consumption and/or sale have been banned, withdrawn, severely restricted or not approved by governments. 9. issue, Chemicals
The aquatic environmental impact of pulping and bleaching operations : an overview
Chemicals without harm : policies for a sustainable world
Dangerous properties of industrial materials. Vol. 2, A-E
Tiivistelmä: Design of experiments and optimization of process parameters for nickel chemicals production.
Incidents that define process safety
Design of experiments and optimization of process parameters for nickel chemicals production
Body toxic : how the hazardous chemistry of everyday things threatens our health and well-being
Indicators of hazardous chemicals : review and recommendations for further work
Cosmetics unmasked : your family guide to safe cosmetics and allergy-free toiletries
Proposal for a selection of national priority substances : fulfilling the requirements set by the Dangerous Substances Directive (76/464/EEC) and the Water Framework Directive (2000/60/EC)
"This Twelfth edition of Dangerous Properties of Industrial Materials includes comprehensive hazard information on the substances encountered in the workplace. The objective of the work is to promote safety by providing the most up-to-date hazard information available"--
Microbiological tests and measurements in the assessment of harmful substances and pollution
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 1
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials : 1993 update
Europe's environment : statistical compendium for the Dobríš assessment
The biobased economy of the twenty-first century: agriculture expanding into health, energy, chemicals, and materials
Techno-economic study on the reduction of industrial emissions to air, discharges to water and the generation of wastes from the production, processing and destruction (by incineration) of brominated flame retardants : final report. European Commission
Dermal exposure assessment of chemicals : an essential part of total exposure assessment at workplaces
Risk assessment of chemicals : an introduction
Handbook of detergents. Part E : applications
National programme on materials and structure research : progress report
Rajoitettujen aineiden määrittäminen sähköteknisistä tuotteista = Determination of restricted substances of electrotechnical products
The ultimate book of science : everything you need to know
Flavours and fragrances : chemistry, bioprocessing and sustainability
Risk assessment and risk management of industrial and environmental chemicals
Microbial transformation of highly persistent chlorinated pesticides and industrial chemicals
Analysis of malodorous nitrogen-containing compounds in paper and board products
Cost competitiveness of Chinese and Finnish chemical industries
European Community environment legislation. European Commission. Vol. 3, Chemicals, industrial risks and biotechnology
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 1, Fibre chemistry and technology
Textile chemicals : environmental data and facts
Emerging technologies for materials and chemicals from biomass : developed from a symposium sponsored by the Cellulose, Paper, and Textile Division at the 200th National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, Washington, D.C., August 26-31, 1990
Toxicology of industrial chemicals : 11th annual meeting of the Finnish Society of Toxicology, May 25-26, 1990, Tampere : papers and abstracts
Advancing the ecotoxicological relevancy of zebrafish : application of early-juvenile 20dpfZF to assess xenoestrogenicity of environmental chemicals and samples
Printing processes and printing inks, carbon black and some nitro compounds
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Green chemistry : theory and practice
Microbial life and deposits in paper machine circuits
Risk management and governance of chemicals in articles : case study textiles
Proposal for environmental water quality standards in Finland
Changes in the international location of polluting industries : a case study of the dyestaff industry in India
Water Pollution Control
Papermaking science and technology. : Book 10. Papermaking : part 3, finishing
Industrial microbiology : an introduction
Chemicals in your food and in farm produce : their harmful effects
Handbook of paper and board
Fires at chemical warehouses : a cone calorimeter study on the burning characteristics and fire effluent composition of selected chemical compounds
A survey of alternatives to 12 persistent organic pollutants
Some industrial chemicals
Fine chemicals : the industry and the business
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 3
Exposed : toxic chemistry of everyday products and what's at stake for american power
Chemicals management in a global paper company
Identification and brief description of the emissions (water; air wastes) from the different sectors of the manufacture of basic inorganic chemicals and non-metallic mineral products : December 1993
Handbook for critical cleaning
Papermaking science and technology. Book 6, Chemical pulping. Part 2, Recovery of chemicals and energy
European business : facts and figures
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials / Vol. 5
Sittig's handbook of toxic and hazardous chemicals and carcinogens
Sanitation: cleaning and disinfection in the food industry
Sax's dangerous properties of industrial materials
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
Study of the implementation of an EC policy for reducing VOC emissions from private and architectural use of paints and varnishes : phase II
Case study textiles : risk management and governance of chemicals in articles
Prospects for India-Finland economic cooperation : areas for business opportunities from an Indian perspective
Biologically active ingredients : demonstrating their mechanisms and proof of efficacy
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
