http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17679 administration (action)
administration (action)
China's governmentalities : governing change, changing government
International facility management
Access and identity management for libraries : controlling access to online information
Abstract.
Advanced brand management : managing brands in a changing world
Navigating social-ecological systems : building resilience for complexity and change
An introduction to administration for social workers
Effective communication for school administrators : a necessity in an information age
Leading and managing in nursing
Governing societies : political perspectives on domestic and international rule
Corporate governance and accountability
In a merger : administrators are open-minded to reengineering of their assignments
Resource and environmental management in Canada : addressing conflict and uncertainty
Essential Windows NT system administration
Analysing social policy : a governmental approach
The facility management handbook
Taking precautions, cotrolling Nordic future : the narrative construction of the Nordic dispositif of risk
"In the wake of the recent global financial collapse the timely new edition of this successful text provides students and business professionals with a welcome update of the key issues facing managers, boards of directors, investors, and shareholders. In addition to its authoritative overview of the history, the myth and the reality of corporate governance, this new edition has been updated to include:  analysis of the financial crisis; the reasons for the global scale of the recession; the failure of international risk management; an overview of corporate governance guidelines and codes of practice; new cases. Once again in the new edition of their textbook, Robert A. G. Monks and Nell Minow show clearly the role of corporate governance in making sure the right questions are asked and the necessary checks and balances in place to protect the long-term, sustainable value of the enterprise. Features 18 case studies of institutions and corporations in crisis, and analyses the reasons for their fall (Cases include Lehman Brothers, General Motors, American Express, Time Warner, IBM and Premier Oil)"--
WebSphere Application Server
Case studies in fisheries conservation and management : applied critical thinking and problem solving
Controlling Websites with PHP
Ethnic and religious diversity in higher education in Ethiopia : the case of Bahir Dar University
Inside the communication revolution : evolving patterns of social and technical interaction
Management of construction & real estate industry in Germany
Managing media firms and industries : what's so special about media management?
Governance of the European research area : giving society a key to the lab
The role of network coordination in business incubation : comparative evidence from Finland and Russia
Abstract: This research was focused on Corporate Governance Codices and the possible applicability  to organizations of the mid-tier business sector. The reason behind conducting  this research was the demand on finding a sufficient management strategy  supporting the management level to deal with the high predisposition for insolvency  of most mid-tier companies. With reference to this demand the current situation and  challenges of such companies were deliberated. In the context of stock listed, public  held companies the key aspect of this demand already has been realized during the  1990s where it was responded with the introduction of international Codices for  Corporate Governance.  Within the theoretical framework to this Thesis the fundamentals and principal theories  of Corporate Governance were presented on basis of secondary data. To deepen  the understanding of the concept the main objectives of the Corporate Governance  activities were profoundly introduced. Furthermore, as this Thesis refers to the possible  applicability of Corporate Governance Codices also the structure and contents  of two actual Corporate Governance Codes of Conduct were demonstrated. Because  of the fact Corporate Governance Codices originally have been developed for corporations  listed on a stock exchange special attention has been paid on describing the  structural differences between listed and mid-tier companies.  In order to evaluate the possible transferability of Corporate Governance Codices to  organizations of the mid-tier business sector a deductive content analysis has been  conducted. This survey consisted of a theoretical as well as practical approach. The  theoretical approach was utilized to define the contents of a Corporate Governance  Code as applicable or not applicable for mid-tier companies. On basis of the results  from the theoretical approach the practical approach has surveyed the current extent  of application of the as applicable defined Code principles at the case company  Kraftanlagen München.  The results of the research have verified that the actual applicability of Corporate  Governance to mid-tier organizations is rather limited. Yet, throughout the research  process an important set of applicable minimum requirements have been identified.
Transnational research programmes on environment : analysis of Era-Nets' experiences and recommendations for good practices
Managing sports organizations : responsibility for performance
Managing in the "Golden Cage" : an ethnographic study of work, management and gender in parliamentary administration
Management skills for the occupational therapy assistant
Understanding the Demand for Global Citizen Deliberation on Biodiversity Policy / Mikko Rask and Richard Worthington -- WWViews on Biodiversity : New Methodological Developments and Ambitions / Bjørn Bedsted, Søren Gram, Marie Louise Jørgensen and Lars Klüver -- The Variegated Landscape of Biodiversity Policy / Richard Worthington and Rose Egelhoff -- Preserving Biodiversity in the European Union / Sylvain Gallais -- Biodiversity and Sustainability in Nepal : A Role for Deliberation? / Jailab Rai, Rahul Karki and Richard Worthington -- Constructing the "Citizen" in Global Deliberations / Louise Phillips, Birgit Jaeger, Erling Jelsøe and Annika Agger -- The Role of Gender in Global Citizen Deliberation / Rüdiger Goldschmidt, David Tomblin and Mikko Rask -- A Mutual Learning Approach to WWViews / Katrin Vohland, Martin Knapp, Eva Patzschke, Malte Timpte, Rene Zimmer -- Bridging Global-Local Knowledge Gaps in Public Deliberation / Naoyuki MIKAMI and Ekou Yagi -- Media Strategy and Networks at the Margins of Biodiversity Governance / Henry Geddes and Su Young Choi -- Amplifying Deliberative Results to Access Policy Networks : The Role of Informal Science Education Institutions / Gretchen Gano and David Sittenfeld -- "Mini-publics" : Competence and Reliable Decisions / James Wong -- Standardizing Heterogeneity : Negotiating Designs for Transnational Citizen Engagement / Nina Amelung -- The Circulation of Ideas : A Discursive Deliberative Knowledge System for biodiversity policy / Vanessa Liston -- Global Citizen Deliberation : A Long Shot toward Sustainable Biodiversity Policy? / Richard Worthington and Mikko Rask.
Web content management : a collaborative approach
British journal of clinical governance
Instructor's guide to case studies in fisheries conservation and management : applied critical thinking and problem solving
The organization of academic work
The Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) : a viable standard that provides cost savings?
International contracting : contract management in complex construction projects
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006 : summary
Borderless internet governance : improvements to legitimacy
Ruling the root : Internet governance and the taming of cyberspace
The challenges of establishing a global policy for short-term international assignments : the perspective of Finnish HR professionals
Pension governance in Finland : a case study on public and private logics of governance in pension provision
The international journal of volunteer administration
Management of knowledge in project environments
China : contemporary political, economic, and international affairs
Leadership in symphony orchestras: discursive and aesthetic practices
Corporate governance : from institutional investors' perspective
Technical networks' ownership, governance and procurement [Elektroninen aineisto]
Net loss : Internet prophets, private profits, and the costs to community
Wild product governance : finding policies that work for non-timber forest products
Buying and selling a business for wealth / Kevin Uphill and Alex McMillan
Spa management : an introduction
The Role of Universities in the Triple Helix model of innovation management within the biotechnology industry : case example: Turku Science Park Network
SWOT analyses of infrastructure  networks’ ownership and governance  models
Managing technological change : organizational aspects of health informatics
"Once they accept a job, most Americans have little control over their work environments. In Worker Participation, John Pencavel examines some of those rare workplaces where employees both own and manage the companies they work for: the plywood cooperatives and forest worker cooperatives of the Pacific Northwest. Rather than relying on abstract theories, Pencavel reviews the actual experiences of these two groups of worker co-ops. He focuses on how worker-owned companies perform when compared to more traditional firms, including whether companies operate more efficiently when workers determine how they are run. He also looks at the long-term viability of these enterprises and why they are so unusual."--Cover.
Heritage : identification, conservation, and management
The impact of the World Bank aid on developing countries
The power of schedule : programme management in the transformation of Finnish public service television
Studies in outdoor recreation : search and research for satisfaction
Governing global electronic networks : international perspectives on policy and power
Ownership and corporate governance in Finland: a review of development trends
Managing nonprofit organizations
Study of non-family executives in Chinese family firms
Management techniques for librarians
Conserving and valuing ecosystem services and biodiversity : economic, institutional, and social challenges
Recording in social work : not just an administrative task
Planning and managing public relations campaigns : a strategic approach
Clinical governance : an international journal
Managing biodiversity : national systems of conservation and innovation in Africa
For twenty-five years, Studies in Outdoor Recreation has been a standard text in courses on parks and outdoor recreation and serves as an invaluable reference for park and recreation managers. The first book to integrate the social science literature on outdoor recreation, it reviews studies from this broad, interdisciplinary field and synthesizes them into a body of knowledge, providing an historical perspective on outdoor recreation research and developing its practical management implications. This third edition is completely revised to reflect current research and new concerns in the field. A new chapter examines the emerging issue of sense of place and its relationship to outdoor recreation. The book concludes with twenty principles to guide outdoor recreation management and research. An extensive bibliography and A Guide to the Social Science Literature in Outdoor Recreation lead readers to valuable primary source material. An essential resource for students, scholars, and professionals, Studies in Outdoor Recreation explores the theoretical and methodological issues in outdoor recreation and describes the management implications of outdoor recreation research.
Brilliant project management : what the best project managers know, do and say
Providing basis for the sustainable development in the mediterranean basin through the valorisation of cultural heritage : Barcelona, 19th - 23rd January 2002
Managing Finnish-Russian relationships and networks during conflicts
Research handbook on governance of the internet
Call Center operation : design, operation and maintenance
To keep the Republic : governing the United States in its third century
How to make money with your blog : the ultimate reference guide for building, optimizing, and monetizing your blog
Analyzing logistics management : a case study of ALMACO Group Oy
Technical networks' ownership, governance and procurement
Worker participation : lessons from the worker co-ops of the Pacific Northwest
Evaluation : meta-analysis of development evaluations in 2006
International energy governance : selected legal issues
Management in social work
New thinking in management : a guide for managers
The manager's bookshelf : a mosaic of contemporary views
Effective negotiation by indigenous peoples : an action guide with special reference to North America
Leading in health care organizations : improving safety, satisfaction, and financial performance
Research in the archival multiverse
Leading in a culture of change
Experiences in the management of research funding programmes for environmental protection : including recommendations for best practice
Health care organizations around the world are judged in terms of a health care triple bottom line: ensuring employee and patient safety, maximizing employee and patient satisfaction, and meeting financial goals. Given the increasing burden of chronic diseases, the increasing complexity of medical interventions, and the increasing costs of care, innovative leadership is required to achieve this triple bottom line. The 14th volume of the Advances in Health Care Management research series addresses the links between leadership and safety, satisfaction or financial performance in health care management by exploring questions such as the following: (1) How does leadership impact employee safety?(2) How does leadership affect patient safety?(3) How does leadership impact employee satisfaction?(4) How does leadership affect patient satisfaction?(5) How does leadership affect financial performance?(6) How do health care organizations deploy multi-level leadership to achieve safety goals? Satisfaction goals? Financial goals? Multiple goals?(7) How do health care organization leaders establish and maintain a safety culture? A patient-centered culture? A high performance culture? Combined cultures?
Ecosystem services : global issues, local practices
Distributed leadership in local school organisations : working for school improvement?
Asante and the Dutch, 1744-1873
Leadership in the open : a new paradigm in emergency management
Corporate governance codices applied in the context of mid-tier organizations
COSO enterprise risk management : establishing effective governance, risk, and compliance processes
Inter-organizational relationships : the evolution of partnership governance in sales and marketing cooperation - a case study
Historic shipwreck management : meeting of experts : final report
Good governance in land tenure and administration
Choice, rules and collective action : the Ostroms on the study of institutions and governance
Collaborative electronic resource management : from acquisitions to assessment
Searching for keys to successful post-merger integration : a longitudinal case-study following a public sector merger
Managing Britain's marine and coastal environment : towards a sustainable future
Management team success : exploring the effects of multilevel success factors
Within the past 15 years, the field of archival studies around the world has experienced unprecedented growth, both within the academy and the profession, and archival studies graduate education programs today have among the highest enrolments in any information field. During the same period, there has also been unparalleled expansion and innovation in the diversity of methods and theories being applied in archival scholarship. Global in scope, Research in the Archival Multiverse compiles critical and reflective essays across a wide range of emerging research areas and interests in archival studies with the aim of providing current and future archival academics with a text addressing possible methods and theoretical frameworks that have been and might be used in archival scholarship. More than a collation of research methods for handy reference, this volume advocates for reflexive research practice as a means by which to lay bare the fuzziness and messiness of research. Whereas research in the form of published research papers and juried conference presentations provide a view of the study framed in terms of research questions and findings, reflexive research practice reveals the context of the study and chains of situations, choices, and decisions that influence the trajectories of the studies themselves. Such elucidations from the position of the researcher are instructive for others, who may be inspired to apply or adapt the method for their own research.
Borderless Internet governance : improvements to legitimacy
The Social organisation of healthcare work
Leadership and management in engineering
Corporate governance
The disordered police state : German cameralism as science and practice
Ethics in health administration : a practical approach for decision makers
Expanding mariculture farther offshore : technical, environmental, spatial and governance challenges : FAO Technical Workshop, 22-25 March 2010 Orbetello, Italy
Consortium management & communication model: case: Association of Finnish Defence and Aerospace Industry
Adaptive collaborative approaches in natural resource governance : rethinking participation, learning and innovation
Governing biodiversity through democratic deliberation
Evaluation guidelines : between past and future
Sustainable projections : concepts in film festival management
Internet Governance and the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) : Values in the Debate about the Internet's Technical Core Resources
International business : environments and operations
This thesis seeks to establish an understanding of the consortium co-operation concept and the development thereafter, in the context of the case study, AFDA. AFDA is seeking to develop the internationalization of the defence and aerospace industry in Finland. This is implemented via a collaborative joint effort in the form of a consortium.     The scope is limited to the management and communication aspects. The first focal point, being the management aspects, leading to the development of a management model and its related elements. The second on the communication aspect and needed tools in consortium communication. The aim of this thesis is to build a theoretical framework of how a consortium should be constructed, managed and communication handled within such an entity.     Consortia have been a relatively untouched subject field. This poses both challenges and opportunities in further development of the said field. Plausible consortium management and communication models however can be proposed through the identification of important elements of co-operation, tools for management and communications, stemming from the research of existing consortia. This is implemented via a qualitative approach to research, using AFDA as the case study.    The results showed a degree of similarity to other co-operative concepts as well as new, unique elements. Consortia require various key entities in order to work effectively. Proper and effective communication tools in tandem with ever changing environments are needed to maintain trust and clarity. Most importantly, the establishment of a mutual goal provides alignment of consortium members' objectives. A coherent model thus emerges for both management and communication perspectives.
The new public contracting : regulation, responsiveness, relationality
Abstract (s. 3). Summary (s. 8-9).
Protection of assets : security managements
The illusion of management control : a systems theoretical approach to managerial technologies
SWOT analyses of infrastructure networks’ ownership and governance models
Intentions and reality in architectural heritage management : in search of the influence of international policy documents on contemporary sustainable local heritage management : case: Zanzibar Stone Town, Tanzania
Managing organizations for sport and physical activity : a systems perspective
Effective leadership and management in nursing
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected Areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
Evaluation : Fidida : an example of outsourced service 2004-2008
Managing access to genetic resources : towards strategies for benefit-sharing
Policies, methods and tools for visitor management : proceedings of the Second International Conference on Monitoring and Management of Visitor Flows in Recreational and Protected areas, June 16-20, 2004, Rovaniemi, Finland
The current Swedish model of university of governance : background and description
Nursing leadership for patient-centered care : authenticity, presence, intuition, expertise
