http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17644 environmental labelling
environmental labelling eco-labelling
Environmental improvement in product chains
Environmental requirements and market access
Environmental management tools for SMEs : a handbook
Review of ecolabelling schemes for fish and fishery products from capture fisheries
Ecological modernisation and market-based policy instruments : the use of new instruments in environmental policy in Finland and Sweden
The Swan label from a consumer and environmental perspective : evaluation of the Nordic ecolabeling
Logistics and transportation security : a strategic, tactical, and operational guide to resilience
Report of the twenty-third session of the Committee on Fisheries : Rome, Italy, 15-19 February 1999.
Executive summary (s. 11-18).
Pre-study on the possibilities and obstacles for establishing Nordic cooperation on green certificates
Landmarks for sustainability : events and initiatives that have changed our world
Industrial property for you, me and the environment
Evaluation of the environmental effects of the swan eco-label : final analysis
Eco-standards, product labelling and green consumerism
Body movement : coping with the environment
Essays on the economics of environmental and sustainability labelling
Criteria in environmental labelling : a comparative analysis of environmental criteria in selected labelling schemes
Ecological Promises and Execution in hotel chains. Case: Restel Cumulus and Scandic
Improving the environmental quality of products : the roles of consumers, business and public policy
Ecotourism : an introduction
This review is part of a process by the Fisheries and Aquaculture Department of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) to refine the minimum substantive requirements of the FAO guidelines for ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries, and also to consider whether a single set of requirements could be developed that was adequate to assess both marine capture fisheries and inland fisheries. Ecolabels in this context are the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Type I environmental labels, and so are voluntary with certification based on third party assessment of the environmental effects of the product. The minimum substantive requirements are the measurable or operational requirements for assessing whether a fishery can be certified and an ecolabel awarded, and they relate to the management system, the stocks under consideration and the relevant ecosystem. This review summarizes the standards, requirements and practices for well-managed fisheries as applied through internationally-managed fisheries and through national management of fisheries. The standards, requirements and practices of existing fishery ecolabels are reviewed, including government-linked ecolabels, non-governmental ecolabels and seafood guides. Seafood guides are mostly ISO Type II or Type III ecolabels that provide self-declared claims or product descriptions against preset indices, and so are not strictly comparable to the ecolabels covered by the FAO guidelines. However, these guides are reviewed here because they are increasingly widespread, sometimes used in business procurement policies, a source of information on public expectations about sustainable fisheries and some use the results of third party assessments. The special requirements of the assessment of small-scale fisheries and developing countries fisheries are considered. The primary difficulty in relation to ecolabelling of these fisheries is also the primary difficulty with their management, generally that the cost of monitoring, assessment and management can be out of proportion to the value of the fishery and/or beyond the human and infrastructure capacity that is available. However, ecolabelling requires evidence that is verifiable and auditable through third party assessment. Methods to develop, test and apply proxies, empirical indicators and risk-based assessments are available and have been applied in both small-scale and developing state fisheries. While these assessment and management approaches have not been widely applied, and they require further development, they provide promising methods to manage fishery performance in circumstances where formal (statistical) estimation of stock condition is not possible. Inland fisheries often involve significant artificial enhancements and practices that are characteristic of aquaculture, such as species introductions and translocations, artificial breeding or feeding, disease control and animal husbandry, nutrient fertilization and intentional habitat modification. These practices are counter to the current norms and requirements of wild capture fisheries, which emphasize use of naturally occurring species and the maintenance of natural biodiversity, productivity and ecosystem processes. The importance of distinguishing between wild capture fisheries, enhanced fisheries and aquaculture in ecolabelling schemes is emphasized, because otherwise products with very different ecological impacts and performance standards could appear in the marketplace with the same ecolabel. Presently, the extent of aquaculturelike enhancements that would be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel is unclear, and this requires further development. But suggested interim criteria are provided for enhancements that are consistent with modern capture fisheries management and that could be acceptable in a capture fishery ecolabel. Based on this review, minimum substantive requirements are suggested for the FAO guidelines on ecolabelling of marine capture fisheries.
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Environmental management and business strategy
Brussels calling! : foresters to be certified for following the road from RIO!
Forest certification : an ideal that became an absolute
Internationales Privatrecht : elektronischer Geschäftsverkehr : Herkunftslandprinzip = Private international law  :  electronic commerce  : country of destination principle = Droit international privé : commerce électronique : principe du pays destinataire
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Environmental information in consumer decision making
Summary (s. 8-9).
Marker genes : molecular tools for in situ monitoring of bacterial distribution and activity in environmental samples
Guidelines for the application of life cycle assessment in the EU eco-label award scheme : a report
Abstract.
Green marketing & management : a global perspective
In 2005 the Twenty-sixth Session of the Committee on Fisheries (COFI) adopted FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, and at the same time recommended that FAO prepare international guidelines on the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland fisheries. In response FAO convened an Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries in 2006. After considering the initial draft Guidelines produced by the 2006 Expert Consultation, COFI, at its Twenty-seventh Session, recommended that FAO undertake further work in relation to the minimum substantive requirements and criteria for both marine and inland capture fisheries and in 2008 FAO convened an Expert Consultation to address these issues. The 2008 Expert Consultation proposed revisions to the marine guidelines and draft inland guidelines and it requested further clarification on definitions and scope of the inland capture fishery guidelines, especially in regards to enhanced inland fisheries. The COFI Sub-Committee on Trade (COFI:FT) at its Eleventh Session recommended that an Expert Consultation be convened to address these issues and the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI agreed that further work was needed. The Expert Consultation on the Development of Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries was convened in Rome, 25-27 May 2010. The Expert Consultation reviewed the Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries (Revision 1) adopted by the Twenty-eighth Session of COFI and published by FAO in 2009, the report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling Capture Fisheries (2008), the report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2006) and a background paper prepared by an FAO consultant that synthesized main points from the above documents. The Expert Consultation reviewed and refined draft Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries for consideration by the Twenty-ninth Session of COFI. The draft Guidelines follow closely the structure, language and conceptual approach of the revised Marine Guidelines. Many changes to the draft Guidelines primarily relate to the scope and minimum substantive requirements for ecolabelling inland capture fisheries, especially regarding enhanced fisheries. Aquaculture and enhanced fisheries that are solely dependent on material originating from aquaculture were excluded from the scope of the guidelines.
Environmental governance in Europe : a comparative analysis of new environmental policy instruments
Environmental and social standards, certification and labelling for cash crops
Handbook of market creation for biodiversity : issues in implementation
Product design and life cycle assessment
Report of the FAO Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products From Inland Capture Fisheries : Rome, 25-27 May 2010.
A manual for the calculation of ecoprofiles intended for Third Party Certified Environmental Product Performance Declarations
Forest certification and environmental labelling in Europe
Forest certification - on whose terms? : open to debate
Environmental emission data - international comparability : study upon the need for international harmonization of the relevant determination procedures
Report of the Expert Consultation on the FAO Guidelines for Ecolabelling for Capture Fisheries, Rome, 3-5 March 2008.
Product certification and ecolabelling for fisheries sustainability
Ecolabels in the tourism industry
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Sustainable consumption and production (SCP) - eco-labels in Finnish consumer goods
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries = : Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina
Messenger package : integrating technology, design and marketing for future package communication : final report
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries. Revision 1 = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture marines. Révision 1 = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura marina. Revisión 1
"The book of environmental seals & ecolabels" : environmental awards in tourism : an international overview of current developments
Environmental quality competition and eco-labeling
Ecolabelling in hotel and restaurant industry
Environment, information and consumer behaviour
Voluntary initiatives for sustainable tourism
The effect of green labels on consumer decision making
Tourism ecolabelling : certification and promotion of sustainable management
Reviewing key building blocks of an integrated carbon footprinting and consumer purchases' monitoring & reward system - interaction with the consumer : Climate Bonus project report (WP4)
Awards for improving the coastal environment : the example of the blue flag
Ecotourism in Scandinavia : lessons in theory and practice
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental management and control
Development of forest certification in Finland
Focus on environment and trade : EU and US strategies in the nineties
Papermaking science and technology. Book 19, Environmental control
Communicating the environmental performance of wood products
'New' instruments of environmental governance : national experiences and prospects
Sustainable tourism in enterprises, parks and protected areas : protected area visitors' views on sustainable tourism approaches
Forest certification in Finland; Metsä-Serla AG, Zürich -evaluation of the level and need of knowledge
