http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1765 game husbandry (livelihoods)
game husbandry (livelihoods)
Finnish game and hunting
Role of community forestry in rural livelihood and poverty alleviation in Ohangwena and Caprivi Regions in Namibia
Mountain goat/forest management relationships : a review
Strategy for the sustainable use of renewable natural resources in Finland
Wildlife management in Europe outside the Soviet Union
Finnish game research
Strategy for renewable natural resources in Finland
Waterfowl and agriculture : Review and future perspective of the crop damage conflict in Europe
Community forestry note
Valuing wildlife : economic and social perspectives
The last pescadores of Chimalhuacán, Mexico : an archaeological ethnography
Suomen kartasto = Atlas över Finland = Atlas of Finland. 232-233, Maatalouden rinnakkaiselinkeinot, kalatalous
Wildlife ecology and management
Wildlife conservation in managed woodlands and forests
International evaluation of the Finnish Game and Fisheries Research Institute : report of the evaluation group
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : geographical and historical studies
Ympäristötilasto 2006 = Environment statistics
Living with animals : a zooarchaeological study of urban human-animal relationships in early modern Tornio, 1621-1800
Living with animals : a zooarchaeology of urban human-animal relationships in early modern Tornio, 1621-1800
National atlas of Sweden. Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
Abstract (s. 5).
Essays from the course Forest Resource Economics, NA 4007, 2001
Finnish forestry practice and management
Guidelines for landscape ecological planning
Voles and their trophic interactions in a changing landscape
How many deer? : a field guide to estimating deer population size
Evaluation of fish cultivation methods in the northern aquaculture stations of the Finnish Game and Fisheries Research Institute
Fish, fur and game for the future : a summary of presentations and discussions from a conference sponsored by the Science Advisory Board of the Northwest Territories, Yellowknife, N.W.T., February 24-25. 1981.
Survival, movements, and harvest of Eastern prairie population Canada geese
The use of renewable natural resources in Finland
Meždunarodna naučna konferenciǎ, Sofiâ, 1-5 oktomvri 2003 g. : 75 godini Institut za gorata pri BAN : sbornik naučni dokladi = International scientific conference, Sofia, 1-5 October 2003 : 75 years of the Forest Research Institute of Bulgarian Academy of Sciences : proceedings
Are forests the answer? : proceedings of the 1990 Society of American Foresters National Convention Washington, DC July 29-August 1.
Agriculture and forestry in Sweden since 1900 : a cartographic description
How to raise poultry : everything you need to know : breed guide & selection, proper care & healthy feeding, building facilities
On the influence of the climatic variations of recent decades on game economy
The game-geographical position as a basis of game research and game management in Finland
