http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17643 environmental labels
environmental labels ecolabels
Eco-labels as sustainability brands : the role of visual design and co-branding in credibility of eco-labels
Positioning carbon footprint labels to parent brands : case study: Raisio's self-labelling strategy
Business law forum 2010
Hybrid vehicles and the future of personal transportation
Tourists, signs and the city : the semiotics of culture in an urban landscape
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterical and fungal exposures
Designing for the common good : a handbook for innovators, designers, and other people
Implementing a green philosophy in hotel lobbies, Finland
The behaviour of Finnish consumers towards eco-labelled products; Case: S-Group Oyj
Summary in Finnish.
Losing site : architecture, memory, and place
Abstract.
The value of green labels : a consumer perspective
"This innovative volume is the first to provide the design student, practitioner, and educator with an invaluable comprehensive reference of visual and narrative material that illustrates and evaluates the unique and important history surrounding graphic design and architecture. Graphic Design and Architecture, A 20th Century History closely examines the relationship between typography, image, symbolism, and the built environment by exploring principal themes, major technological developments, important manufacturers, and pioneering designers over the last 100 years. It is a complete resource that belongs on every designer's bookshelf"--
Print and production finishes for sustainable design
Cities of signs : learning the logic of urban spaces
Social and environmental policies in EC procurement law : new directives and new directions
The culture of design
"The first major survey that looks at the conservation of cultural heritage in both Europe and the Americas, this book will serve as a convenient resource for professionals, students, and anyone interested in the field. Following the acclaimed Time Honored, Architectural Conservation in Europe and the Americas presents contemporary practice on a country-by-country and region-by-region basis, facilitating comparative analysis of similarities and differences. Written to "stand alone" from the predecessor volume, this book will be followed by a third and final volume covering Asia, Africa, Oceana, and the Polar Regions"--Provided by publisher.
Essays on environmental policy and strategic behavior in international trade
Meikitön päivä : tarina Suomen erottuvimman ympäristöteon takana = Day without make-up : story behind Finland's most noticeable environmental act
Report of the expert consultation to develop an FAO evaluation framework to assess the conformity of public and private ecolabelling schemes with the FAO guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from marine capture fisheries, Rome, 24-26 November 2010.
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries, Rome, 23-26 May 2006.
Eco-textile labelling. 2008 : a guide for manufacturers, retailers and brands
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
Landscapes beyond land : routes, aesthetics, narratives
Genius at crossroads : the new role of the 21st century artist
Businesses have a responsibility to conform to continuously tightened environmental laws and regulations as well as deliver more ecological products and services to an environmentally conscious target market. As the hotel lobby serves as the first on-site experience to a customer entering a hotel, the thesis scope on implementing a green philosophy was narrowed to this area. Focus was on the functional tangible elements of the lobby's service design. In order to investigate and answer the research question: 'how should green philosophy be implemented in hotel lobbies', hotels which had been granted the Swan label by SFS Ecolabelling were chosen as the population of the research. These hotels readily implemented environmental criteria to reduce their impact on the environment and perhaps could serve an example of the thesis topic.     The research population was located in Helsinki metropolitan area of Finland. The research was carried out in two parts. A questionnaire was made by using a web based program for collection of more detailed data on products and equipment used in lobby premises. The main research was the observational research done on-site in the hotel lobbies of population which had agreed on the visit. For this part of the research photographs were taken of the tangible elements which reflected, or did not reflect ecological values. Most of the research was qualitative but the quantitative nature of the research questionnaire could not be overlooked and therefore also included a small quantitative element. Factors of research were mostly based on Swan label criteria relevant to hotel lobbies.    Results indicated that hotel lobbies have not been given much attention in fulfilling environmental criteria and implementing a green philosophy had room for improvement. A GREENBOOK check-list was written into the appendix to give guidance to management in implementing a green philosophy in the hotel lobbies. Several factors must be considered in developing more ecological lobbies including recycling, energy- and water-consumption as well as ergonomics. Service flow and safety are not to be forgotten. The scope of the thesis could have covered developing an entire hotel, but would have been overwhelmingly broad as a thesis topic. Ideas which derived for further research can be examined in the concluding chapters.
Industrial property for you, me and the environment
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Evaluation of the environmental effects of the swan eco-label : final analysis
Eco-standards, product labelling and green consumerism
Green public procurement and eco-labels
The eco-social approach in social work and the challenges to the expertise of social work
Sustainable luxury : managing social and environmental performance in iconic brands
Environmental information in consumer decision making
Environmental entrepreneurship : markets meet the environment in unexpected places
Essentials of marketing
Tourism ecolabelling : certification and promotion of sustainable management
Trialectic archaeology : monuments and space in southwest Norway 1700-500 BC
Eco fashion
The Swan label from a consumer and environmental perspective : evaluation of the Nordic ecolabeling
Environmental management report : trends and best practice in climate change
Consumption and everyday life
Memoria Virtualis : death and mourning rituals in online environments
Politics and preservation : a policy history of the built heritage, 1882-1996
The greening of markets : product competition, pollution and policy making in a duopoly
Report of the Expert Consultation on the Development of International Guidelines for Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries, Rome, 14-17 October 2003.
Rakkaudesta kaupunkiin : Riitta Nikulan juhlakirja : Festschrift to Riitta Nikula = For love of the City
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
Green marketing & management : a global perspective
The repair and maintenance of war memorials
Sustainable development of tourism : a compilation of good practices = Desarrollo sostenible del turismo : una compilación de buenas prácticas = Développement durable du tourisme : une compilation de bonnes pratiques
A phenomenology of landscape : places, paths and monuments
Groundwater-surface water interactions in esker aquifers:from field measurements to fully integrated numerical modelling
Sustainable consumption and production (SCP) - eco-labels in Finnish consumer goods
Environmental quality competition and eco-labeling
Art, space and the city : public art and urban futures
Imaging of tumour microenvironment for the planning of oncological therapies using positron emission tomography
Nordic forest certification
Improving the environmental quality of products : the roles of consumers, business and public policy
Graphic design and architecture, a 20th century history : a guide to type, image, symbol, and visual storytelling in the modern world
This book explores a wide range of issues relevant to sustainability and business management in luxury goods companies. It represents the most international and complete collection of academic and practitioner thinking on transforming the luxury sector into a powerful advocate for sustainable production and consumption.
Summary: Follow the yellow.
Ecotourism & certification : setting standards in practice
Citizen Coke : the making of Coca-Cola capitalism
Guidelines for the ecolabelling of fish and fishery products from inland capture fisheries = Directives pour l'étiquetage écologique du poisson et des produits des pêches de capture continentales = Directrices para el ecoetiquetado de pescado y productos pesqueros de la pesca de captura continental
Graphics in the third dimension = Graphic Design in der 3. Dimension
Summary (s. 8-9).
What is packaging design?
Architects, Designers, And Contractors are increasingly familiar with the policies, procedures, and guidelines for achieving sustainable, or "green" building standards. But what about the green building materials themselves? What are they, what are the options, and how shuld you decide what to specify? --
Valuing cultural heritage : applying environmental valuation techniques to historic buildings, monuments and artifacts
Architectural conservation in Europe and the Americas : national experiences and practice
Heritage, memory and the politics of identity : new perspectives on the cultural landscape
Constructing the new consumer society
ISO inside out : ISO and environmental management
Environmental engineering dictionary and directory
Soil chemistry
Case study textiles : risk management and governance of chemicals in articles
Ecolabelling in hotel and restaurant industry
Voluntary initiatives for sustainable tourism
The effect of green labels on consumer decision making
A maze of new products, manufacturers, and standards are routinely introduced, leaving professionals to wonder what's best for their projects. This handy primer--the perfect companion to Traci Rider's Understanding Green Building Guidelines--summarizes the materials available, compares their advantages and disadvantages, explains how to use them and explores the considerations for choosing among them. From eco-friendly sheetrock to sustainable paint finishes, it lays out the basics of green building products, helping architecture and design professionals make sense of the fast-paced building movement. --Book Jacket.
Environmentally Friendly Luxury Hotel : case: Grand Palace Hotel, Riga, Latvia
The book of environmental seals & ecolabels : environmental awards in tourism : an international overview of current developments
Environmental microbes and immunological development in children : the role of animal, bacterial and fungal exposures
