http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17691 fire
fire
A systems analysis of the global boreal forest
Unfolding media studies : working papers 2010
Volcanoes of Europe
Selected philosophical and scientific writings
Myths of the origin of fire : an essay
Preservation in Disaster Situations: a case study of the Valvilla Wool Mill Museum, Finland
Fuels, Energy, and the Environment / Ghazi A. Karim
The northern lights : their heritage and science
Fundamentals of fire phenomena
Select bibliography
Primitive beliefs in the North-East of Scotland
Burning (of) ethics of the passions : contemporary art as a process / Mari Krappala ; [English translation: Kaisa Sivenius] ; [photographs: Jyrki Parantainen]
Ashfall
Selected studies on ritual in the Indian religions : essays to D. J. Hoens
Fire in Mediterranean ecosystems : ecology, evolution and management
Comment on bone combustion experiments : roll the bones?
Journey to the center of the earth
Memory boy
Arctic Lights Phenomena as an Attraction in Finnish Lapland
Catching fire : how cooking made us human
Fire sciences dictionary
Fragments of a poetics of fire
Long term dynamics and human influence in the forest landscape of southern Sweden
Fire in ecosystem dynamics : Mediterranean and Northern perspectives
Volcano : ordeal by fire in Iceland's Westmann Islands
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 8, Anthropological essays presented to Edward Burnett Tylor in honour of his 75th birthday, October 2, 1907.
Classified list and international register of tulip names : with particulars of the Royal General Bulbgrowers' Society's classification of tulips and arrangements for the registration of tulip names
On fire : fire behavior, fuel succession and vegetation response to fire in Swedish boreal forest
Aurora Borealis. Vol. 6 nro 2, The amazing northern lights
The psychoanalysis of fire
Beyond the wall : exploring George R. R. Martin's A song of ice and fire, from A game of thrones to A dance with dragons
Measurement of auroral characteristics by auroral turbulence II Sounding rocket
An introduction to fire dynamics
Tiivistelmä: Fire and Forest - Kansainvälinen metsäpalosymposio Kajaanissa 13.-14.11.2007.
Vedic ideals of sovereignty and the poetics of power
Daniel X : demons and druids
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
Ambiguity of performance management in the fire safety policy of Finland
Multi-instrumental auroral case studies at substorm conditions
Burning (of) ethics of the passions : contemporary art as a process
Design of blast-resistant buildings in petrochemical facilities
Fire blight, which is an important disease of apples and pears, has never been detected in continental Finland. In this study the suitability of the Finnish climate for apple blossom blight infections by Erwinia amylovora was evaluated with the epidemiological model MaryblytTM. This was done in fourteen locations, and for two apple cultivars differing in flowering times. Climatic conditions were predicted to be suitable for blossom infections in 18 - 51% of the years, and the annual period of suitable conditions was predicted to last up to two to five days, depending on the location and apple cultivar. The suitable period was predicted to be longer in some locations in central Finland than in those in the southernmost parts of the country. Based on these results the official surveys that are carried out to confirm the absence of fire blight in Finland cannot be targeted only to some parts of the country.
Small-scale structure of ionospheric absorption of cosmic noise during pre-onset and sharp onset phases of an auroral absorption substorm
Seventeen-year-old Ruby is a Fireblood who must use her powers of heat and flame to help two Frostblood rebels overthrow a maniacal Frostblood king.
Tulityöturvallisuus = Safety in hot works. Osa 2, Standardit = Standards
African methods of fire-making
In ashes lie
Cape Horn
Silvicultural strategies for predicting damage to forests from wind, fire and snow
Tropical fire ecology : climate change, land use, and ecosystem dynamics
The impact of the Eyjafjallajökull-eruption on the inbound tourism in Iceland
Majestic lights : the aurora in science, history, and the arts
Firewalking and religious healing : the Anastenaria of Greece and the American Firewalking movement
Dante's peak : the inside story & educational guide
Green-tree retention and controlled burning in restoration and conservation of beetle diversity in boreal forests
Fire and Forest : the International Forest Fire Symposium in Kajaani 13.-14.11.2007
Childcraft. 5, Your body
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Fire and plants
Ashen winter
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 2: Standardit : Safety in hot works. Part 2: Standards
Vistas of a distant Fuji
Volcanoes of the world
Natural and prescribed fire in Pacific Northwest forests
The scent of time: a study of the use of fire and incense for time measurement in Oriental countries
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 1, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Ecological restoration of forests in Fennoscandia : defining reference stand structures and immediate effects of restoration
Burning issues : fire and art in the social imagination
Anthropogenic forcing dominates sea level rise since 1850
Fire protection handbook. Volume 2, sections 12-21
The first men
Fire on earth : an introduction
In this gripping novel of suspense by #1 New York Times bestselling author Lisa Jackson, a small timber town nestled in the shadow of Oregon's Cascade Mountains is the perfect place for a killer to hide.
Chiefs and gods : religious and social elements in the South eastern Bantu kingship
Fire art as an experience
The fireman : a novel
The fire
The pelvic floor
Fire protection handbook. Volume 1, sections 1-11
The landscape ecology of fire
Avtarjeet Dhanjal : [Pitshanger Manor and Gallery, Ealing, London, 8 August - 20 September, 1997] / [edited by Peter Cross and Gilane Tawadros ; essay by Brian McAvera]
Trees for rural Australia
When the music mattered : rock in the 1960s
In a field as wide ranging and dynamic as fire protection, staying current with the latest research, technology, and safety practices is as challenging as it is essential. The fully updated, new 20th edition FPH® provides state-of-the-art, in-depth coverage of every aspect of fire protection so you can eliminate knowledge gaps, avoid errors, and maintain your competitive edge. Two volumes with 3,500 pages cover the total spectrum of fire protection issues; 211 chapters, including 25 that are brand new to this edition, reflect the latest knowledge and tactics; 254 leading authorities provide answers and solutions on demand; Added chapters on Premises Security, Protecting Againgst Extreme Events, Flammability Hazard of Materials, and Strategies for Occupant Evacuation During Emergencies improve your ability to protect lives and property; Thousands of visuals -- including 500 added photos, tables, charts, illustrations, and diagrams -- aid comprehension.
Fire : a brief history
Slash and burn : farming in the third world forest
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 7, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
The fire upon the altar
The Prometheus complex : striving for competence
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 1, The magic art and the evolution of kings
Meso-scale auroral physics from ground-based observations
The Aurorae
Fire festival of India : a new search of South and North Indian fire rites, rituals and festivals with special reference to Tamilnadu & Bengal
Forests in trouble : a review of the status of temperate forests worldwide
The four elements : reflections on nature
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 7, 2, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
The fire artist
Veil of fire : a novel
The ecology of fire
Tulityöturvallisuus. Osa 1: Säädökset : Safety in hot works. Part 1: Regulations
Dynamics of the polar cap boundary and the auroral oval in the nightside ionosphere
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 2, Researches into the history of mankind and the development of civilization
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part VII, vol. I, Balder the beautiful : the fire-festivals of Europe and the doctrine of the external soul
Combustion and flames : chemical and physical principles
Determination of recent apparent carbon accumulation in peat using dated fire horizons
Fire in archaeology : papers from a session held at the European Association of Archaeologists Sixth Annual Meeting in Lisbon, 2000
Sammandrag: Fire and Forest - Internationellt skogsbrandssymposium i Kajana 13.-14.11.2007.
The suitability of Finnish climate for fire blight (Erwinia amylovora) epidemics on apple
Elemental magic : the art of special effects animation
Some observations on the shape of impinging diffusion flames
Global biomass burning : atmospheric, climatic, and biospheric implications
SFPE handbook of fire protection engineering
London, 1666. In the house of a sleeping baker, a spark leaps free of the oven -- and ignites a blaze that will burn London to the ground. While the humans struggle to halt the conflagration that is devouring the city street by street, the fae pit themselves against a less tangible foe: the spirit of the fire itself, powerful enough to annihilate everything in its path. Mortal and fae will have to lay aside the differences that divide them, and fight together for the survival of London itself.
Peat soil properties related to degree of decomposition under different land use systems
An introduction to mathematical fire modeling
Actor-networks of Northern lights tourism in Iceland, Norway and Finland
Seismic activity related to the 1991 Hekla eruption, Iceland
Fire-striking implements of iron and Finnish myths relating to the birth of fire
Secrets of Hollywood special effects
Inspirations
