http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p176 spirituality (religion)
spirituality (religion)
The spirituality revolution : the emergence of contemporary spirituality
Chasing the wild goose : the story of the Iona Community
Treatise on the spiritual life
One Buddha is not enough : a story of collective awakening
Youth a part : young people and the church
Zen : merging of east and west
Spirituality : what it is and why it matters
A tale of the light world : revealing a profound secret of the universe
The ecology of spirituality : meanings, virtues, and practices in a post-religious age
Asian Christian spirituality : reclaiming traditions
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 19
Theological investigations. 3, The theology of the spiritual life
Mors Britannica : lifestyle and death-style in Britain today
"Cher alme" : texts of Anglo-Norman piety
Hesychia and theology : the context for man's healing in the orthodox church
Altars : bringing sacred shrines into your everyday life
Hope from the city
The story of Christian spirituality : two thousand years from East to West
Health communication : special issue : religious faith, spirituality, and health communication
Working with meditation : practical ways to heal and transform your life
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
This volume includes a wide range of papers that explore individual and institutional aspects of religion from a social-science perspective. The special section has articles related to the practice of prayer, and includes studies from the USA, Europe, and the Middle East. The general papers include studies on coping strategies, God representations, spirituality versus religion, self-control in a Muslim context, and faith-based organizations in Cambodia. Together these papers form a valuable collection indicating the depth and vibrancy of research in these fields.
Christian spirituality
To see God, to see the Buddha : an exploration of "seeing spirituality" with Meister Eckhart, Nāgārjuna, and Huang Po
The living reminder : service and prayer in memory of Jesus Christ
Holistic spirituality in the thinking of Ellen White
Our sound is our wound  : contemplative listening to a noisy world
Spirituality and pastoral care
Discerning the mystery : an essay on the nature of theology
Kindling the native spirit : sacred practices for everyday life
A sociology of spirituality
Eternity now : an introduction to Orthodox spirituality
The Cell of self-knowledge : early English mystical treatises
The history of the Iona Community, including St Colomba's founding of an influential Celtic Christian community on the Hebridean island of Iona in the sixth century, the work of George MacLeod whose inspiration placed Iona firmoly on the Christian map once again in the 20th century and the current broad span of the Community, touching the map of human experience - spirituality, politics, peace and justice - guided by the wild goose, Celtic symbol of the Holy Spirit.
"In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions : What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives."
Our distance from God : studies of the divine and the mundane in western art and music
Counselling and spiritual accompaniment : bridging faith and person-centred therapy
Social work and spirituality
Nil Sorsky : the authentic writings
Throughout his life, the apartheid activist, Nelson Mandela (Madiba), maintained, 'In the darkest moment there is always hope. We must never give up'. Hope as a mode of the courage to be (Paul Tillich), points to what the Sociologist Peter Berger calls: signals of transcendence. Wholeness in Hope Care explores the rich tradition of hope in wisdom, philosophy and Christian theology. It connects non-hope/un-hope (Gabriel Marcel: inespoir) to a theology of compassion in soul care (cura animarum). Resurrection hope (theologia resurrectionis) points to the healing of life (cura vitae) and the preservation of land (cura terrae). In order to describe the helping and healing dimension in pastoral caregiving, the term 'promissiotherapy' has been coined.
Shi'ism : doctrines, thought, and spirituality
A spiritual psychology
Moody monthly anthology : Fiftieth anniversary edition, 1900-1950
Limning the psyche : explorations in Christian psychology
In March 2008, the university library in Tromsø celebrated the opening of what they referred to as an 'indigenous room'. A collection of Sami literature was moved from its previous geographical and cultural context to what is today considered the more relevant company of American Indians, Australian aborigines and African peoples. Indicative of the increasing institutionalisation of the Sami as an indigenous people, the debate over what it means to be 'indigenous' is today important to Sami research, political strategies, cultural activities and religious creativity. In an attempt to take such innovations seriously, the article discusses some of the religious dimensions of Sami nation-building resulting from the ongoing processes of indigenisation. More specifically, I deal with a project structured by the international grammar of nation-building, which shares in the qualities of a civil religion and is at the same time shaped by 'indigenous spirituality'. Although a fairly recent construct, what I refer to as 'indigenous spirituality' is nevertheless a significant global discourse, developed primarily through the UN and international law. According to this perspective, indigenous peoples are the children of Mother Earth, and as such are opposed to and differentiated from the religions and worldviews of the 'western' world. Keywords: Sami, nation-building, indigenous, nature spirituality, Mother Earth .
Spirituality is a unique account of spirituality from traditional religion to the present that reveals the common thread that joins Mahayana Buddhism and Hasidic Judaism, the Sufi Rumi and the Catholic St. Thomas a Kempis, people of all faiths and those who are "spiritual but not religious." Roger S. Gottlieb argues that spirituality is the simple but extraordinarily difficult attempt to face life's rigors and disappointments by becoming more mindful, accepting, grateful, compassionate, and lovingly connected to others. These virtues oppose both the social ego's attachment and arrogance, and any habitual, unreflective religiosity; and the path towards them can be shared equally by people inspired by belief in one God or many, the divinity of nature or the sacredness of life. Spirituality examines the promises and perils of spiritual life as understood both within and outside of traditional faiths, explains the rise of the widespread spiritual detachment from institutional religion, and offers illuminating accounts of yoga, meditation, and prayer. There are also insightful studies of spirituality's relation to modern medicine, nature and the environmental crisis, and political activism.
Love unknown : the Archbishop of Canterbury's Lent Book 2012
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Learning to care : Christian reflection on pastoral practice
Popular culture and the 'darker side' of alternative spirituality : the case of metal music
An introduction to spiritual direction : a psychological approach for directors and directees
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
The Seer
The riddle of Christian mystical experience : the role of the humanity of Jesus
"Christus Victor" - the meaning of atonement
The secret path : a technique of spiritual self-discovery for the modern world
Sami Indigenous spirituality : religion and nation-building in Norwegian Sápmi
The silent roots : Orthodox perspectives on Christian spirituality
The Buddha walks into a bar... : a guide to life for a new generation
Let's do theology : a pastoral cycle resource book
The Anglican Church today : Anglican spirituality : a continuing tradition
Parish nursing : promoting whole person health within faith communities
The way of the heart : desert spirituality and contemporary ministry
The orthodox faith : an elementary handbook on the Orthodox Church. Vol. 4, Spirituality
Difficulties in mental prayer
Destructive emotions : how we can overcome them? : a scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama
Channelling : use your psychic powers to contact your spirit guides
You are the universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Living in two kingdoms
Guidelines for mystical prayer
The heart of religion : spiritual empowerment, benevolence, and the experience of God's love
Letters on the Sūfī path
Spirituality matters in social work : connecting spirituality , religion, and practice
Awakening : conversations with the Master
The year with angels : a guide to living lovingly through the seasons
Seeking spirituality : guidelines for a Christian spirituality for the twenty-first century
Faith from a positive psychology perspective
Turn to God - rejoice in hope : Bible studies, meditations, liturgical aids
A spirituality of the road
Landmarks : an Ignatian journey
Prayers to our lord Jesus Christ & a safeguard for the soul
Moving the silence : a dialogue between art and spirituality
Reviving Christian humanism : the new conversation on spirituality, theology, and psychology
Spritual gifts and social structure in the Corinthian community : an analysis of 1 Corinthians 12:12-30
Spirituality : toward a 21st century Lutheran understanding
The medieval mystical tradition in England : Exeter symposium V : papers read at the Devon Centre Dartington Hall, July 1992
Shamanism and spirituality in therapeutic practice : an introduction
Intimations : talks with J. G. Bennett at Beshara
Approaches to spiritual direction
The Benedictine tradition
The soul of recovery : uncovering the spiritual dimension in the treatment of addictions
The Bloomsbury guide to Christian spirituality
A history of Christian spirituality. 3, Orthodox spirituality and Protestant and Anglican spirituality
The complete works
Spiritually oriented social work practice
The first comprehensive, psychological theory in over a century - Reiss picks up where William James left off. This ground breaking work will change the way we understand religion. Religion is about the values motivated by the sixteen basic desires of human nature. It has mass appeal because it accommodates the values of people with opposite personality traits. This is the first comprehensive theory of the psychology of religion that can be scientifically verified.
Finding sanctuary : monastic steps for everyday life
Children's voices : children's perspectives in ethics, theology and religious education
Aspects of love
Every bush is burning : a spirituality for our times
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
Through the eyes of a child : new insights in theology from a child's perspective
Wholeness in hope care : on nurtering the beauty of the human soul in spiritual healing
The silent cry : mysticism and resistance
Liberation spirituality
Living with a wild God : a non-believer's search for the truth about everything
Restless : because you were made for more
The cosmotheandric experience : emerging religious consciousness
Lucid living : life is a dream and you can wake up
Late Medieval Mysticism
Sacred motherhood : an inspirational guide and journal for mindfully mothering children of all ages
Spirit, science, and health : how the spiritual mind fuels physical wellness
This work illustrates the research I have conducted throughout the two years of my Master's degree programme in Theatre Pedagogy at the Theatre Academy of Helsinki (TeaK) on the topic of “active” silence: a quiet dimension of being, calm but not passive, characterized by a high level of awareness, openness and concentration at the same time.  In March 2012 I led a one-day workshop with the title “Living the Silence” in seven different environments (among them: a school, two monasteries and a Theatre Academy), where I explored many possible combinations of art and meditation, in order to understand how the participants experienced “active” silence.  In November 2012 I further developed my previous research on “active” silence by leading a two week-workshop, “Moving the Silence”, attempting to understand how I could develop a dialogue between different disciplines related to the practice of active silence such as meditation, T'ai Chi Ch'üan (the Chinese “Supreme Polarity boxing”) and expressive movement, without use of speech.  The workshop led spontaneously towards a performance with the same title “Moving the Silence”, where I have been exploring the boundaries between meditation and performance, questioning how meditation can be a performance and vice-versa. We performed in February 2013.  Silence proved to be a fruitful ground for a dialogue between art and spirituality, becoming a generative platform for developing meditative ways of working in the field of art.  This thesis provides a detailed description of this work and the development of my personal conceptions about teaching.
In this book, that combines cutting edge science with real world applications, Chopra and Kafatos redefine our nature of reality and what is possible. Here they ask 9 questions: What Came Before the Big Bang? Why Does the Universe Fit Together So Perfectly? Where Did Time Come From? What Is the Universe Made Of? Is There Design in the Universe? Is the Quantum World Linked to Everyday Life? Do We Live in a Conscious Universe? How Did Life First Begin? Does the brain create the mind? You Are The Universe offers answers that open up new possibilities for all of us to lead more fruitful, peaceful and successful lives.
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
Quest : a guide for creating your own vision quest
Introduction to Muslim spirituality, theology and philosophy
"What is Christian Spirituality? How does it relate to non-Christian traditions? Where does it arise from and where is it going? These are some of the key questions addressed in this guide from Bloomsbury, written by foremost academics in their fields who distill their knowledge for a wide intelligent audience".
When we pray together
Counsels from the Holy Mountain
The sacrament of teaching : a social science approach. Vol. 1, Getting ready to enact the sacrament
Community of the future : challenges and new approaches to communtiy based social work and diaconia from the CABLE approach
The 16 strivings for God : the new psychology of religious experiences
Experiencing religion : new approaches to personal religiosity
The cry for spiritual fathers & mothers
Written for those who are looking at Orthodoxy for the first time, here is an inviting introduction to Othodoxy's changelessness, its richly textured worship, its veneration of icons and depth of understanding of the Jesus Prayer.
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations
Discipleship and imagination : Christian tradition and truth
The heart of wisdom : a philosophy of spiritual life
Cham, the truth : all the facts and raison d'être
African spirituality : forms, meanings, and expressions
The spiritual dimension of ageing
Spiritualism: a challenge to the churches in Europe
Why people don't heal and how they can
Radical human ecology : intercultural and indigenous approaches
Meditations from Conversations with God
Grandmothers counsel the world : women elders offer their vision for our planet
A dictionary of Christian spirituality
Spirituality and social work
With hearts, hands and voices : spirituality for everyday life
Spiritualité et oecuménisme : rapport d'une session de Bossey du 17 juin au 1er juillet 1976 = Spirituality and ecumenism : report on a Bossey course, 17 June - 1 July 1976
The marriage of sense and soul : integrating science and religion
Spirituality in interfaith dialogue
Research in the social scientific study of religion. Volume 27
The spiritual exercises of St. Ignatius
Something there : the biology of the human spirit
Philosophy, religion and the spiritual life
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
Integrating traditional healing practices into counseling and psychotherapy
Christian spirituality : the classics
The new SCM dictionary of Christian spirituality
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
Personal power animals : for guidance, protection and healing
You are the Universe : discovering your cosmic self and why it matters
Parish nursing : stories of service and care
The Merton annual : studies in culture spirituality and social concerns. Vol. 11
Mandalas for meditation
The sound of liberating truth : Buddhist-Christian dialogues in honor of Frederick J. Streng
Credo : meditations on the Apostle's Creed
Silence speaks
The deeper wound : recovering the soul from fear and suffering
Christ in Russia : The History, Tradition, and Life of the Russian Church
Mentoring in religious education
Spirituality and family therapy
Spirituality : a very short introduction
Spirituality and ethics in education : philosophical, theological and radical perspectives
The re-enchantment of the West. Volume 1, Alternative spiritualities, sacralization, popular culture, and occulture
World without end
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
SCM studyguide to Christian spirituality
New trends in feminine spirituality : the holy women of Liège and their impact
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
The wound of knowledge : a theological history from the New Testament to Luther and St. John of the Cross
Introducing spiritual direction
Fellowship of the spirit
This magnum opus incorporates more than a century of new research from around the globe, demonstrating how the period from 1350-1550 gave rise to many mystical writers who remain influential today, including Julian of Norwich, Jan van Ruusbroec, and Catherine of Siena. With an unmatched knowledge of primary works and relevant scholarship, McGinn conveys the unique genius of each mystical teacher and describes how the movement built on individual insights. Specific types of mysticism covered include literature in Middle Dutch, and work in Italian and English in the late medieval period. --
"It is a striking aspect of contemporary western culture that, alongside a decline in traditional religious affiliations, there has been a growing interest in spirituality and the use of the word in a variety of contexts. Indeed, spirituality is sometimes contrasted favorably with religion, which many people see (for good or ill) as an off-putting amalgam of dogma, moralism, institutions, buildings, and hierarchies. This Very Short Introduction, written by one of the most eminent scholars and writers on spirituality, explores the historical foundations of spirituality and considers how it came to have the significance it has today. The notion of spirituality, Philip Sheldrake notes, expresses the fact that many people are driven by goals that concern more than material satisfaction. Broadly, it refers to the deepest values and sense of meaning by which people seek to live. Sometimes these values are conventionally religious. Sometimes they are associated with what is understood as "the sacred" in a broader sense--that is, of ultimate rather than merely instrumental importance. Looking at spirituality in religion, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology, Sheldrake sheds light on the concept of the spiritual "experience" and considers the impact and transformation it can have on individuals and on society."--Publisher's website.
New Product Development in Spiritual Tourism
Dadisho ̔ Qaṭraya's Compendious commentary on The paradise of the Egyptian fathers in Garshuni
A practical book that helps readers discover and deepen their own spiritual journeys. It is illustrated with line drawings and diagrams, and contains exercises and suggestions for prayer and reflection. -- Review: 'I know of no publishing house which has ever offered to reimburse a buyer who remains dissatisfied after reading one of its books. I think Darton, Longman and Todd could safely make the first such offer with Landmarks. I delighted in following Margaret Silf's journey of exploration today ... lucidly written, down to earth, free of jargon, full of hope and encouragement.' -- Gerard W. Hughes 'Margaret Silf is one of the most talented spiritual writers, and her Landmarks will become a classic.' -- Margaret Hebblethwaite
Freeing theology : the essentials of theology in feminist perspective
Invitation to love : the way of Christian contemplation
Galileo & the art of ageing mindfully : wisdom from the night skies
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
In the world, of the church : a Paul Evdokimov reader
Presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 5, The varieties of vernacular mysticism, 1350-1550
Seeking God : the recovery of religious identity in Orthodox Russia, Ukraine and Georgia
Spiritual theology
Calvin on the Christian life : glorifying and enjoying God forever
Everyday immortality : a concise course in spiritual transformation
Spirituality in late Byzantium : essays presenting new research by international scholars
Anglo-Saxon spirituality : selcted writings
Handbook for Christian maturity : a complication of ten basic steps toward Christian maturity
Spirituality of Finnish peacekeepers
