http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17660 dioceses
dioceses
This ebook presents an account of Hereford Cathedral, its buildings and development from the Anglo-Saxon times to the 20th century and looks at its institutional history, musical tradition, cathedral school, archives and library, as well as its surroundings and dependent buildings, giving a good introduction to the Cathedral and its rich background.
Reforming priests and parishes : Tuscan dioceses in the first century of seminary education
Keskellä kylää : Helsingin hiippakunnan kirkkoja = Kyrkor i Helsingfors stift = Churches in the Diocese of Helsinki
Wall paintings, workshops, and visual production in the medieval diocese of Turku from 1430 to 1540
Wall paintings, workshops, and visual production in the Medieval Diocese of Turku from 1430 to 1540
The diocese chapter of Turku. 7 centuries of tradition
Lordship, reform, and the development of civil society in medieval Italy : the bishopric of Orvieto, 1100-1250
The Roman curia, the apostolic penitentiary and the partes in the later Middle Ages
The stone churches of the medieval diocese of Turku : a systematic classification and chronology
Restoration, reformation and reform 1660-1828 : archbishops of Canterbury and their diocese
Ansgar and Rimbert, ninth-century bishops and missionaries to Denmark and Sweden, are fixtures of medieval ecclesiastical history. By revising our understanding of Carolingian northeastern expansion after Charlemagne, this title provides fresh insight into the political and ecclesiastical history of early medieval Europe.
Organizational climates and careers : the work lives of priests
English episcopal acta. 30, Carlisle 1133-1292
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 1, Text
Golden moments : artefacts of precious metals as products of luxury consumption in Finland c. 1200-1600.. 2, Catalogue
The cathedral church of Hereford : a description of its fabric and a brief history of the episcopal see
Belorusskaâ Pravoslavnaâ Cerkov' = Belarusian Orthodox Church
The Stone Churches of the Medieval Diocese of Turku
Abstract: The Ideal of volunteerism : an institutional approach to social welfare work in the parishes of the Diocese of Porvoo especially in the deaneries of Iitti and Tampere, Finland, in the years 1897-1923.
Ansgar, Rimbert, and the forged foundations of Hamburg-Bremen
A bishopric between three kingdoms : Calahorra, 1045-1190
