http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17611 duels
duels
Swordfighting : for writers, game designers and martial artists
The duel in early modern England : civility, politeness, and honour
Polgara : The Sorceress
The princess bride : S. Morgenstern's classic tale of true love and high adventure : the "good parts" version : abridged
The duel in European history : honour and the reign of aristocracy
Sixty-one nails
Duel : a true story of death and honour
How to Draw Action Fighting Figures
Birds of prey
A polite exchange of bullets : the duel and the English gentleman, 1750-1850
Fight For Olympus
The darkest day
The silent blade
The night circus : a novel
A name in blood
Swordsmen : the martial ethos in the three kingdoms
The three musketeers
13 - thirteen
Sea of swords
Brothers in arms
The king's gold
Batman v Superman : dawn of justice
Gentlemen's blood : a history of dueling from swords at dawn to pistols at dusk
He is darkness. She wants him dead. In a city starved of light, she might just succeed. She moves like a shadow; she kills silently: Raven. This elegant assassin has been on the run for years. This time though, she has picked the wrong target. The hitman known only as 'Victor' is as paranoid as he is merciless, and is no stranger to being hunted. He tracks his would-be killer across the globe, aiming not only to neutralise the threat, but to discover who wants him dead. The trail leads to New York. And then the lights go out. Over twelve hours of unremitting darkness, Manhattan dissolves into chaos. Amid looting, conspiracy and blackout, Victor and Raven play a vicious game of cat and mouse that the city will never forget.
Warlords and wastrels
Swords and scoundrels
Men and violence : gender, honor, and rituals in modern Europe and America
"Civilized with death" : civility, duelling and honour in Elizabethan England
The last duel : a true story of crime, scandal, and trial by combat in medieval France
The fall of Hyperion
Witches abroad
The duel : a history of duelling
Al Fursan al Thalathah
Ritualized violence Russian style : the duel in Russian culture and literature
Shakespeare's England : an account of the life & manners of his age. Volume 2.
Legends and liars
The Three Musketeers
Explores why minor slights to certain kinds of gentlemen led to duels in order for honour to be satisfied, and how such ideas about honour changed over time.
