http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1768 pigment
pigment
Colour in nature : a visual and scientific exploration
Colour and painting in ancient Egypt
Architectural finishes in the built environment
Abstract.
Physiology of the skin II : workbook & study guide
Effects of fillers on thinprint papers
Papermaking science and technology. Book 11, Pigment coating and surface sizing of paper
Combinations of titanium dioxide and fillers in paints
The blending ratio evaluation between two PCC pigments as a filler in SC paper
In artists' footsteps : the reconstruction of pigments and paintings, studies in honour of Renate Woudhuysen-Keller
Colour and optical properties of foods
Modelling pattern formation and pigmentation in the coat of mammals = Modellering av mønsterdannelse og pifmentering i pelsen til pattedyr
Harry's cosmeticology: the art and science of formulating cosmetic products
Photonics simulation and modelling of skin for design of spectrocutometer
Use of fiber-reinforced composite framework and thermochromic pigment in facial prostheses
East Asian paintings : materials, structures and deterioration mechanisms
Art of the past : sources and reconstructions : proceedings of the first symposium of the Art Technological Source Research study group
Industrial organic pigments : production, properties, appilcations
Natural colorants for dyeing and lake pigments : practical recipes and their historical sources
Molecular tuning of rhodopsins for high visual sensitivity in different light environments : variation in absorbance spectrum and opsin sequence within and between species
In vitro model of retinal pigment epithelium for use in drug delivery studies
Outlines of paint technology. 1, Materials
Fluorescence properties of Baltic Sea phytoplankton
The chemistry of pigments
Painting materials : a short encyclopaedia
The Pigment compendium : a dictionary of historical pigments
Social insects in biomonitoring : use of colouration traits to indicate environmental stress
Common skin diseases : a handbook for the aesthetician
Archaeomineralogy
Anthocyanins in leaves
Microstructural and environmental effects on the mechanical properties of porous particle-polymer composites
The Analysis of Pigments and Plasters : its relevance to current wall painting and stone conservation practice : Post-prints of a day conference of the wall paintings section of The United Kingdom Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works held on 22 February 1997 at The British Museum London
Standards in architectural paint research
Contributions to conservation : research in conservation at the Netherlands Institute for Cultural Heritage (ICN)
Effect of coating colour composition on runnability
The purpose of this thesis was to study the effect of structural coating pigments on ink jet papers. The object was to examine the properties of the pigments and evaluate the given printing result. Pigment is the most important factor affecting the coating properties and different pigments give different properties. Ten structural coating pigments were used in this thesis. The target was to find one special coating pigment that could be utilized in paper manufacturing. Another target was to find an optimal coating mix and the correct amount of the pigment. The thesis contains confidential background material.
What's behind the pretty colours? : a study on the photobiology of lichens
Molecular tuning of Rhodopsins for high visual sensitivity in different light environments : variation in absorbance spectrum and opsin sequence within and between species
"The Pigment Compendium Dictionary" is a comprehensive information source for scientists, art historians, conservators and forensic specialists. Drawn together from extensive analytical research into the physical and chemical properties of pigments, this essential reference to pigment names and synonyms describes the inter-relationship of different names and terms. The Dictionary covers the field worldwide from pre-history to the present day, from rock art to interior decoration, from ethnography to contemporary art. Drawing on hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources as well as modern scientific data each term is discussed in detail, giving both its context and composition. It includes a comprehensive list of pigment names and synonyms. It talks about the pigments used worldwide from pre-history to the present day. It contains information from hundreds of hard-to-obtain documentary sources.
Analytical techniques in materials conservation
Evaluation of viscosity, elongational viscosity and dewatering of coating colours at high shear rates
Fillers and pigments are used in paper manufacturing for low material expenses and to increase optical properties such as opacity and brightness. In this thesis effects of additives in thinprint grade papers were studied. The purpose was to get a clear view on how different individual filler pigments change the optical properties of both base paper and calandered paper. Based on the results further trial runs were made with additives that enhanced desirable properties in paper. In the second trial paper was made with 18 different mixes of fillers. Each mixture contained PCC and two other additives. Mixtures were in groups of four, where amount of PCC was kept constant and the quantity of the other two varied. Thesis contains a confidential part.
The artist's handbook : a complete professional guide to materials and techniques
Functional properties of visual pigments using A1 and A2 chromophore : from molecules to ecology
Color : for interior design
Color science and the visual arts : a guide for conservators, curators, and the curious
Simulation of particle motion in pigment coating colors
Away with wrinkles : a top dermatologist's secrets for a younger face
Physiology of the skin II : an expanded scientific guide for the skin care professional
Taxonomy of prokaryotes
Biodeterioration of miniature paintings from the 18th and 19th centuries
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Volume 4
Pigments in food - for quality and health : 5th International Congress on Pigments in Food, Helsinki, 14-16 August, 2008 : proceedings / [Heinonen, M.]
Simulation and measurement of colored surfaces
How to mix and use colour : the artist's guide to achieving the perfect colour
Coloring the cosmetic world : using pigments in decorative cosmetic formulations
Physiology of the skin
Thermal thickening of paper coatings
Enchancing performance of paper coatings by tailor-made plastic pigments
Seminar on Biomedical Engineering 2007
Goniospectrometric analysis of optically complex samples : a study on diffraction gratings, optically variable devices, and coatings with special effect pigments
Paint and coating testing manual
Examination and conservation of an unlined painting by Pieter van Lint, painted in 1631
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Vol. 3
The effect of structural mineral pigments on the coating of ink jet papers
Colour : making and using dyes and pigments
Pigment compendium : a dictionary and optical microscopy of historical pigments
High performance pigments
Colour : travels through the paintbox
Dispersing of kaolin slurry in a laboratory environment
Ethnic dermatology : clinical problems and skin pigmentation
UV-screening in Arctic and alpine vascular plants and lichens
Cellular pathology
Microspectroscopic analysis of traditional oil paint
Project report of pigment analyses of the fourth style wall paintings in the Casa di Marco Lucrezio (IX 3, 5.24) in Pompeii
The artist's handbook of materials and techniques
Laboratory experiments for organic and biochemistry
The Nebamun wall paintings : conservation, scientific analysisi and display at the British Museum
Pigments for paper : a project of the Coating Pigments Committee of TAPPI's Coating & Graphic Arts Division
This text explores the technical study and reconstruction of old master paintings and pigments from the medieval to the modern period.
The object in context : crossing conservation boundaries, contributions to the Munich Congress 28 August - 1 September 2006
Blue pigments : 5000 years of art and industry / François Delamare
Studies on retina-specific gene expression
Painting and understanding abstract art
The ph and redox sensitivity of certain pigments
The pigment compendium : optical microscopy of historical pigments
Bright earth : the invention of colour
Pigment organelle localization in fish melanophores
Industrial organic pigments : production, properties, apllications
Microscopic simulation of pigment coating consolidation
Pigment composition of phytoplankton in the Gulf of Bothnia and Gulf of Finland
Artists' pigments c. 1600-1835 : a study in English documentary sources
Protective coatings : fundamentals of chemistry and composition
