http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17624 brewing industry
brewing industry
Brewed awakening : behind the beers and brewers leading the world's craft brewing revolution
Bibliography of food : a select international bibliography of nutrition, food and beverage technology and distribution 1936-56
The Finnish brewing industry and alcohol education
Great American craft beer : a guide to the nation's finest beers and breweries
The Heineken story : the remarkably refreshing tale of the beer that conquered the world
Scotch ale
Abstract.
Fachwörterbuch der Brauerei- und Abfüllpraxis : English-Deutsch / Deutsch-English = A practical dictionary of brewing and bottling English-German / German-English
"A "beer lover's guide, including more than 100 types to know, arranged style by style"--Jacket.
The Sinebrychoffs : a part of finnish industry and cultural history
The beer bible
The craft of Stone Brewing Co. : liquid lore, epic recipes, and unabashed arrogance
The Carlsberg foundation : the Carlsberg laboratory, scientific grants, the Museum of national history at Fredriksborg castle, the New Carlsberg foundation
Brewers' guardian
The art of the label
The world atlas of beer
Water in brewing : manual of good practice
The first economic analysis of the beer market and brewing industry, this volume examines the history and consumption of beer, industrial organisation, and new beer markets. It presents global developments as well as country studies from Europe, the US, China, Russia, and India.
Malt limit dextrinase and its importance in brewing
Beer : the ultimate world tour
Business for punks : break all the rules - the BrewDog way
The internationalization process of manufacturing firms : case study of Olvi Group
Panimoravintola Koulu : brewery, restaurant, malt, hops, brewing company
Comparison of dry and liquid brewer's yeasts and dry yeast storage
Development of intra-industrial efficiency : an application to Finnish breweries in 1954-1972
Malting and brewing science : volume 2 : hopped wort and beer
The brewmaster's table : discovering the pleasures of real beer with real food
The fascinating world of BEER
Raise a glass to Belgium's breweries
Brewing yeast and fermentation
The economics of beer
Michael Jackson's pocket beer book
Immobilized yeast in continuous fermentation of beer
The Effects of Recession on Finnish Alcohol Consumption : Concentration on brewery industry in comparison to the recession in Finland 1990 - 1993
Market research for MAKU Brewing : market entry to St. Petersburg
A special brew... : essays in honour of Kristof Glamann
A history of beer and brewing
Farmhouse ales : culture and craftmanship in the Belgian tradition
Process hygiene control in beer production and dispensing
The Association of Brewers' Dictionary of Beer and Brewing : the most complete collection of brewing terms written in English
Technology of reduced additive foods
Training in the food and beverages sector in the Netherlands : report for the force programme
The geography of beer : regions, environment, and societies
Proceedings of the Conference on Industrial Waste : held at Charles Church More Hall, April 28, 29, 1949.
The practical brewer : a manual for the brewing industry
The king of vodka : the story of Pyotr Smirnov and the upheaval of an empire
Sinebrychoffs : a part of Finnish industry and cultural history : strong personalities, business acumen, social awareness, heartfelt generosity / [editor: Terttu Niutanen]
Smart packages are attractive but expensive
Yeast : the practical guide to beer fermentation
The Oxford companion to beer
The aim for this thesis was to do research on St. Petersburg business environment concerning especially craft beer retail/wholesale markets, culture and business viability for MAKU for entering the markets as soon and as smoothly as possible. The study and its suggestions were based on relevant international marketing literature and two face-to-face interviews with Russian market/business environment specialists. Majority of the references, however, came from articles and news on the Internet, because those generally are the most up-to-date sources. The initial purpose of the thesis was to conduct a practical plan for MAKU on where to begin, gather possible client and partner information for them to start their business venture, what to expect from Russian business field (legally and culturally), and how to manage and cope with that environment. I performed a quite extensive research on the St. Petersburg business environment. The interviews I conducted steered my way into researching the political and economic environment of St. Petersburg's markets more in-depth than I was originally supposed to. PESTL analysis was my central structure which my references - literature, interviews, and web articles - supported. The thesis also includes sections of market environment study, socio-cultural, technological, legal and competitive aspects and finally a comparison of the three most feasible foreign market entry strategies in regard of MAKU Brewing's needs and current capabilities. Based on my findings throughout the thesis I now find my expectations were very high on how MAKU would be able to enter the markets with great ease. My original thoughts of St. Petersburg as a potential expansion market for MAKU were rationalized during my research. The main suggestion for MAKU was an topic that was against my original hypothesis. I came into the conclusion that it is not a good plan to try to penetrate the market with the schedule MAKU had in mind. With my findings it would take persistence and probably years to do the groundwork needed for a project of this scale - not months. The current political and economic environment of Russia is not prolific for a thriving business venture. I did not say it would be impossible, but it is extremely difficult and in the worst case scenario has a potential for backfiring. I made other suggestions such as implementing lower risk try-outs in St. Petersburg, or in different, but culturally similar, foreign markets. I also concluded the market entry strategy MAKU should start out with when they do decide to go into international business. It should be the use of a Russian distributor and later on to try out the piggyback method, when some international experience is gathered.
Brewing microbiology : managing microbes, ensuring quality and valorising waste
Malting and brewing science : volume 1 : malt and sweet wort
Training in the food and beverages sector in Luxembourg : report for the force programme
A dynamic model of interrelated demand for capital and labour : a theoretical model with an application to time-series cross-section data for Finnish breweries in 1954-1972
The development of China' s beer market since 1990's
"A radical guide for starting a revolutionary business, from the charismatic, unconventional co-founder of UK-based craft beer company BrewDog and cohost of EsquireTV's BREWDOGS. After practicing law for all of two weeks, James Watt walked out on his legal career to start BrewDog craft brewery with his best friend, Martin Dickie. They didn't do it with a business plan; they did it with a mission to revolutionize beer drinking in the UK, to put flavor back into beer glasses and make other people as passionate about craft beer as they are. Since 2007, BrewDog has become the fastest growing food and drink manufacturer in the UK, employing over 500 people, and shipping their award-winning BrewDog beer to over 50 countries, including the US. Watt is also the star of the BREWDOGS TV show, which airs on the Esquire Network. "--
The New brewer
Feasibility of continuous main fermentation of beer using immobilized yeast
Beer : tap into the art and science of brewing
The barbarian's beverage : a history of beer in ancient Europe
Environmental management in the brewing industry
Barriers to entry and intensity of competition in European markets
Idemo na pivo! : pogled na kulturu konzumiranja piva = Let's have a beer! : a view to the culture of beer consumption
Brand level evidence on the impacts of advertising on beer consumption
Time, gentlemen, please! : early brewery posters in the public record office
Beer filtration, stabilisation and sterilisation : manual of good practice
The chemistry of beer
Beer market and advertising expenditures
The Brewers Association's guide to starting your own brewery
Brewing microbiology
The brewing industry : a guide to historical records
300 beers to try before you die!
Quality management : essential planning for breweries
Technology brewing and malting
"This book decodes how to create and manage a system for ensuring quality in all facets of the brewery environment. Written for breweries of all types and sizes--new and established--this book will guide the development of a program that grows and changes with your brewery"--
Brewing : science and practice
Classic stout and porter
The taste of beer
Labour and capital demand in the Finnish brewing industy in 1954 - 1972 : an econometric approach with combined time-series and cross-section data on a plant level
Beers of the world
DNA-based detection and characterisation of strictly anaerobic beer-spoilage bacteria
Small-scale brewing
Beer packaging : a manual for the brewing and beverage industries
How to succeed in knowledge transfer : case study of Scandinavian Alliance in Ukraine
Industrial applications of the results of the yeast physiology in high. = Hiivan fysiologia vahvavierrekäymisissä -projektin tulokset käytännön laadun kannalta
The Blue Last : A Richard Jury Mystery
The concentration of beer production in Finland, 1932-1980
Short summary European reports on Retail sector, motor vehicle repair and sales sector, food and beverages sector
Cleaning-in place : dairy, food and beverage operations
