http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1769 skin
skin
Bobbi Brown pretty powerful : beauty stories to inspire confidence : start-to-finish makeup techniques to achieve fabulous looks
Concise manual of cosmetic dermatologic surgery
Unmixing methods in novel applications of spectral imaging
Harry's cosmeticology : 1
Vietnamese Cosmetic Market Study for Company X : case Company: Company X
Experimental verification of the mechanistic model for transdermal transport including iontophoresis
Tattoo-pedia : choose from thousands of designs to make your own custom tattoo
Handbook of cosmeceutical excipients and their safeties
Ed Hardy : beyond skin
Cosmetology - theory and practice : research, test methods, analysis, formulas. I
Transdermaliontophoresis : modulation of electroosmosis by polypeptides
Patterns of matrix metalloproteinase and TIMP-1 expression in chronic and normally healing human cutaneous wounds
Increased but imbalanced expression of VEGF and its receptors has no positive effect on angiogenesis in systemic sclerosis skin
The Skin care ingredient handbook : revised & expanded edition
Basic science for modern cosmetic dermatology
Cultured stratum corneum compared to human stratum corneum using FTIR technique
Lasers and light therapy
Regulation of SPRR3 : a gene involved in keratinocyte cornification
Histologic diagnosis of inflammatory skin diseases : a method by pattern analysis
Physiology, biochemistry, and molecular biology of the skin. Vol. 1
"The first comprehensive volume on marine cosmeceuticals, this book covers their sources and prospects; extraction; isolation; identification; structure and chemical composition; and in vivo and in vitro applications. It covers fundamentals as well as practical techniques in the emerging field of marine cosmeceuticals. This reference enables researchers in cosmetic science and natural product chemistry to identify new outlets for the new compounds that they isolate. It makes the case for using natural compounds from the sea to replace synthetic, toxic cosmetics. It also discusses the application of these products on ailments such as skin disease, diabetes, and arthritis"--
The Japanese skincare revolution : how to have the most beautiful skin of your life - at any age
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
"Alterations in the amount of subcutaneous fat lead to significant changes in appearance, whether from excess (as seen in bodily obesity) or in loss of fat (as seen in facial lipodystrophy associated with the aging process). This book incorporates the current knowledge of the physiology of fat with the numerous treatment modalities available today; it will be an important review and reference source for any practitioner dealing with the cosmetic treatment of adipose tissue and cellulite"--Provided by publisher.
Nutraceuticals and functional foods in human health and disease prevention
Studies on the vitamin a metabolism in human and murine skin
The lines on Nana's face
The fantasy tattoo sourcebook : over 500 images for body decoration
Teenage beauty : everything you need to look pretty, natural, sexy & awesome
Epidermal cells : methods and protocols
Mast cells and epidermis in skin culture
Harry's cosmeticology: the art and science of formulating cosmetic products
Gorgeous for good : a simple 30-day program for lasting beauty-inside and out
Body type. 2 : more typographic tattoos
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The tattoo sourcebook : over 500 images for body decoration
Textbook of cosmetic dermatology
Skin stem cells and tumor growth:functions of collagen XVIII in hair follicle cycling and skin cancer, and Bmx tyrosine kinase in tumor angiogenesis
Androgen secretion and cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without PCOS:studies on age-related changes and medical intervention
Collagen : structure and mechanics
Electrolyte structures and ionization conditions for iontophoretic drug formulation of local anesthetics
Harry's cosmeticology : 3
Skin penetration : hazardous chemicals at work
A dielectric method for measuring early and late reactions in irridiated human skin
Tattoo icons : victionary
Consensuality : Didier Anzieu, gender and the sense of touch
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases : the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Celebrity tattoos
Early risk factors influencing lung function in schoolchildren born preterm in the era of new bronchopulmonary dysplasia
Harry's cosmeticology : 2
Nutrition for healthy skin : strategies for clinical and cosmetic practice
Common drugs and side effects : a handbook for the aesthetician
Cosmetic dermatology : products and procedures
The Botox book : what you need to know about America's most popular cosmetic treatment
Mehndi : The art of henna body painting
The painted lady : the art of tattooing the female body
"It's fair to say that the beauty business is booming--as is the anti-aging industry. Each year, Americans spend more than $30 billion on cosmetics, and, globally, we spend about $260 billion on services and products to enhance our youth. Accompanying the decisions we make around our beauty comes the ever important question of whether to go fake or natural. Do we resort to the latest commercial chemical or surgical quick fix or go completely organic but possibly get less stunning results? Clean beauty guru and New York Times best-selling author of Gorgeously Green, Sophie Uliano offers a solution to this latest beauty dilemma and says you don't have to choose, and when you look at her, you can tell she has more than a few good secrets. Unlike other books, Gorgeous for Good takes the middle ground between natural and fake. Rather than focusing on these extremes, Sophie looks at what truly healthy options actually work--and it isn't necessarily what people might think. In addition, she lays out a beauty perspective that focuses on helping readers create their own unique beauty--inside and out. With her exceptional combination of passionate research and everywoman commonsense, she puts forth a revolutionary, holistic program that covers everything from nutrition to self-care to spiritual connection and includes: Well-researched, myth-busting information about commercial and natural beauty products Simple guidelines for buying the best skin care products, and easy recipes for cost-saving beauty products to make at home Healthy, budget-friendly recipes for food to kick start the new you Exciting ways to get spiritually connected In her girl-next-door voice, Sophie brings all of this together in an innovative 30-day Gorgeous for Good program, offering readers tools for a body-and-soul beauty regimen that will help them stay gorgeous--not for six months or a year--but for good! "--
Skin shows : the tattoo bible
Lecture notes. Dermatology
Computational chemistry studies of UV induced processes in human skin
Milady's standard comprehensive training for estheticians
Tattoo bible. Book one
Wound healing and skin in severe sepsis
The last good man
Infectious Diseases of the Skin : Dirk M. Elston
Feed your face : the 28-day plan for younger, smoother skin and a beautiful body
Common skin diseases : a handbook for the aesthetician
The art of mehndi : [henna body decoration]
Glucocorticoid receptors in inflammatory skin diseases:the effect of systemic and topical glucocorticoid treatment on the expression of GRα and GRβ
Marine cosmeceuticals : trends and prospects
Handbook of cosmetic science and technology
Nanotechnology in dermatology
Histopathology of the skin
Heterotopic ossification in skin:special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
Tattooing from Japan to the west : Horitaka Interviews contemporary artists
Face : make-up, skincare, beauty
Physiology, biochemistry, and molecular biology of the skin. Vol. 2
Myeloperoxidase activity in skin lesions : II. Influence of alcohol and some medicines
Tattoo art : inspiration, style & technique from great contemporary tattoo artists
Psychophysiology of flow experience : an explorative study
Cell biology and histology
Cosmeceuticals and active cosmetics
1000 tattoos : a sourcebook of designs for body decoration / contributing illustrators: Zaynab Mirza, Patricia Moffet, Andy Sloss and Malcolm Willett
Testing and discussion of the proposed criteria for the ability of chemical substances to cause allergy and hypersensitiv[it]y in the skin and the lower airways : summary report
Practical aspects of cosmetic testing : how to set up a scientific study in skin physiology
Physiology of the skin : a scientific guide for the skin care professional
Ink : the not-just-skin-deep guide to getting a tattoo
A comparative study of the growth of skin and human skin tumors on the chorio-allantoic membrane of the embryonated chicken eggs
Professional make-up : the complete guide to professional results
Tattoo'd with attitude
Oncology esthetics : practitioner's guide. Revised and expanded edition
Studies on the self-disinfecting power of the skin
Simple skincare beautiful skin : a back-to-basics approach
Spice allergy : investigations on the prevalence of positive skin test reactions and the appearance of clinical symptoms
Surgery of the skin : procedural dermatology
Don't go to the cosmetics counter without me
Naturals and organics in cosmetics : trends and technology
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Barrier properties of the stratum corneum : some penetration models
The muscular and integumentary systems
Identification of novel tumor predisposition families and underlying genetic defects
Kevyn Aucoin : a beautiful life : the success, struggles, and beauty secrets of a legendary makeup artist
Physical functions of skin
Beauty pure and simple : ayurvedic approach to beautiful skin
The Usborne complete book of the human body
Wound care management
Health challenged skin : the estheticians' desk reference
Infrared thermography in the evaluation of skin temperature : applications in musculoskeletal conditions
Cosmetics and dermatological problems and solutions : a problem based approach
Methodological aspects of use of infrared thermography in healthy individuals and patients with non-specific musculoskeletal disorders
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Demonstration of increased collagen synthesis in irradiated human skin in vivo
The effect of topical oestradiol on skin kollagen of postmenopausal women
The Maori race
Physiology of the skin
"Embracing both the art and science of skin care, Cosmetic Dermatology covers a wide range of interventions and treatments designed to maintain and beautify healthy skin and protect and improve damaged skin. A 'bible' in the field of cosmetic dermatology, this highly acclaimed text is now in its fourth edition. Focusing on the scientific detail of why and how the biotechnology works, this is an indispensable guide for all involved in this rapidly expanding field"--Provided by publisher.
Burns trauma : management and nursing care
Piercing : a modern antholog
Colonization of the canine skin with bacteria
Second skin
Skin, mucosa and menopause : management of clinical issues
Tattoo bible
Skin : a natural history
Skin hydration and natural moisturising factor
Color atlas of chemical peels
Cellulite : pathophysiology and treatment
The skin ego
Summary: Cutaneous drug reactions.
Tattoo sourcebook : pick and choose from thousands of the hottest tattoo designs
The skin care answer book : real-world answers to 275 most-asked skin care questions
Cosmeceuticals and cosmetic practice
The ultimate natural beauty bible
This Environmental Health Criteria (EHC) series publication addresses dermal exposure to chemicals. It describes sources and pathways of dermal exposure, models and tools to estimate dermal exposure and methods for dermal exposure prevention and reduction. Furthermore, the EHC introduces skin diseases associated with dermal exposure. This EHC aims to provide information to national regulatory authorities to assist in conducting health risk assessments and managing the risk involving dermal exposure to chemicals.
Herbal principles in cosmetics : properties and mechanisms of action
Myeloperoxidase activity in skin lesions : I. Influence of the loss of blood, depth of excoriations and thickness of the skin
Summary: Inhaled glucocorticoids and the skin.
Tattoo art : a photographic sourcebook
Positioning of the Biotherm brand in the selective skin care market in Finland
Basic tattooing techniques
Beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
Pathogenesis and treatment of acne and rosacea
Younger skin in 28 days : the fast-track diet for beautiful skin and a cellulite-proof body
The make-up book : the official guide to make-up at levels 2 and 3
Patch testing : test concentrations and vehicles for 4350 chemicals
Confocal laser scanning microscoope in skin research
Pelodera (syn. Rhabditis) strongyloides as a cause of dermatitis : a report of 11 dogs from Finland : case study
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Nutrition and skin
Female Buying Behaviour Related to Facial Skin Care Products
Atlas and synopsis of Lever's histopathology of the skin
Radiant : recipes to heal your skin from within
Product design and engineering : formulation of gels and pastes
The new tattoo
Effect of diffusion potential, osmosis and ion-exchange on transdermal drug delivery : theory and experiments
The biology of the skin
Hyaluronan and hyaluronan synthases : studies on their subcellular localization and processing in cell culture models and on hyaluronan metabolism in UV-induced cutaneous tumors
Cutaneous reactions to cold
Forever the new tattoo
Discovering knowledge in various applications with a novel hyperspectral imager
Heterotopic ossification in skin : special focus on multiple miliary osteoma cutis and the role of bone morphogenetic proteins
The skin type solution : a revolutionary guide to your best skin ever
Wound care
Platelet-Rich Plasma : Regenerative medicine: sports medicine, orthopedic, and recovery of musculoskeletal injuries
Mast cells in human epithelial cancers
The clear skin cookbook : how the right food can improve your skin
Disorders of fat and cellulite : advances in diagnosis and treatment
The physiology and pathophysiology of the skin. Vol. 4, The hair follicle
"Cosmetics for skin, hair, and nails play a vital part in the management and treatment of many dermatological conditions; unfortunately, they may also at times be the cause of some dermatological problems. They are therefore subjects where dermatologists need to be aware of the major commercial developments taking place, in addition to the many common Over The Counter products already available, in order to be vigilant in checking the possible benefits or disadvantages for patients.This text takes a serious look at the integration of skin care products, cosmetics, hair adornments, and nail cosmetics in the daily practice of dermatology, expanding the realm of disease treatment beyond diagnosis and treatment into the maintenance phase of healthy skin, hair, and nails"--Provided by publisher.
Wound healing and skin integrity : principles and practice
TiO2 nanoparticles as UV protectors in skin
Cosmetic surgery and the aesthetician
Tattoo-pedia : choose from over 1000 of the hottest tattoo designs for your new ink!
The human body book
Glucocorticoids are the most important and widely used treatment modality in dermatology. A large variety of topical as well as systemic preparations is available. Most patients treated with glucocorticoids respond quickly to the treatment, but some are considered insensitive or even resistant to glucocorticoid therapy. Currently, there is no known measurable variable, through which the response can be predicted.Glucocorticoids mediate their actions through glucocorticoid receptors (GR). Several isoforms of GR exist, but the α (GRα) and β (GRβ) isoforms are clinically the most important. Based on previous studies, it has been proposed that the abundance of GR isoforms or the GRβ: GRα –ratio could affect individual responsiveness to corticosteroid treatment. In particular, up-regulation of GRβ expression has been shown to be linked to resistance to corticosteroid treatment.This thesis comprises three sub-studies. Firstly, we wanted to determine whether GRα and GRβ are expressed in inflammatory skin diseases. Secondly, we examined if the expression is altered by corticosteroid treatment in eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis. Finally, we measured the effects of a topical vitamin D3 analogue (calcipotriol) combined with betamethasone compared with betamethasone monotherapy on inflammatory biomarkers of psoriasis.Our studies provide detailed novel data about the expression of GRα and GRβ. GRα and GRβ were shown to be expressed in the blood lymphocytes and lesional skin of patients with eczema atopicum, bullous pemphigoid and psoriasis, as well as in the skin of patients with eczema nummulare, lichen simplex chronicus and lichen ruber planus. Systemic corticosteroid treatment was shown to affect the expression of GRα and GRβ in eczema atopicum and bullous pemphigoid, but the inconsistent variation in their expression between patients prevented us from drawing firm conclusions. Neither GRα nor GRβ as a single marker were found to be a suitable predictor of corticosteroid responsiveness. Clinical and laboratory analyses showed that topical treatment of psoriasis with calcipotriol/betamethasone combination ointment is more beneficial measured by both than betamethasone monotherapy.
Incidence, mortality, comorbidities, and treatment of bullous pemphigoid in Finland
Sk-interfaces : exploding borders - creating membranes in art, technology and society
Assessment of skin physiology is moving rapidly away from a purely descriptive approach as we gain a deeper understanding of biophysical and biochemical processes in the stratum corneum, such as those relating to its barrier function and hydration. As a result of research utilizing bioengineering methods, reliable and reproducible approaches are now available for product testing in the pharmaceutical and cosmetic industry as well as in basic research. This book examines in detail all aspects of cosmetic testing -- legal, general, and practical. After discussion of regulatory and ethical issues and guidelines, essential guidance is provided on the planning, performance, and evaluation of scientific studies in skin physiology. The topics addressed range from laboratory and staffing requirements through to testing devices and methods, factors influencing measurements, and study design. In addition, detailed information is provided on test settings for a range of cosmetic products. All of the authors are recognized experts in their field. This book will be invaluable to researchers, students, and medical staff in explaining how best to assess skin functions in controlled studies using non-invasive biophysical instruments.
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
Absorption of micellar systems : 29 Journees Galeniques : Papers
Collagen XVII and pathomechanisms of junctional epidermolysis bullosa and gestational pemphigoid
No regrets : the best, worst, & most #$%*ing ridiculous tattoos ever
Summary: The structure and barrier function of the stratum corneum lipids.
Thermally evoked cerebral potentials in man
Fungal infections of the skin, hair and nails
