http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17760 seed plants
seed plants spermatophytes
The origins of angiosperms and their biological consequences
Orders and families of seed plants of China
Flowering plants : origin and dispersal
Yield and quality of winter oilseed rape (Brassica napus L.) seeds in response to foliar application of boron
A textbook of systematic botany
Understanding flowers and flowering : an integrated approach
Wild flowers of Mombacho, Nicaragua = Flores silvestres del Mombacho
The catalogue enumerates all taxa of Gymnosperms, Dicotyledons, and Monocotyledons occurring in the West Indies archipelago excluding the islands off the coast of Venezuela (Netherlands Antilles, Venezuelan Antilles, Tobago, and Trinidad). For each accepted taxon, nomenclature (including synonyms described from the West Indies and their references to publication), distribution in the West Indies (including endemic, native, or exotic status), common names, and a numerical listing of literature records are given. Type specimen citations are provided for accepted names and synonyms of Cyperaceae, Sapindaceae, and some selected genera in several families including the Apocynaceae (Plumeria), Aquifoliaceae (Ilex), and Santalaceae (Dendrophthora). More than 30,000 names were treated comprising 208 families, 2,033 genera, and 12,279 taxa, which includes exotic and commonly cultivated plants. The total number of indigenous taxa was approximately 10,470 of which 71% (7,446 taxa) are endemic to the archipelago or part of it. Fifteen new names, 37 combinations, and 7 lectotypifications are validated. A searchable website of this catalogue, maintained and continuously updated at the Smithsonian Institution, is available at http://botany.si.edu/antilles/WestIndies/
Introduction to phylogeny and systematics of flowering plants
Population dynamics and the effect of disturbance in the monocarpic herb Carlina vulgaris (Asteraceae)
New combinations in Kryptostoma and Renzorchis (Orchidaceae, Habenariinae)
A new species of Doronicum (Asteraceae, Senecioneae) from central China
An orchard invisible : a natural history of seeds
Dictionary of generic names of seed plants
Notes on the genus Pseudoliparis (Orchidaceae, Malaxidinae), with descriptions of two new species from New Guinea
Handbook of plant types
The Metaspermae of the Minnesota valley : a list of the higher seed-producing plants indigenous to the drainage-basin of the Minnesota river. 1, Reports of the survey, botanical series
Lecanorchis seidenfadeni (Orchidaceae, Vanilloideae), a new orchid species from Malaya
Seed science research
Practical plant identification : including a key to native and cultivated flowering plants in north temperate regions
Flower seeds : biology and technology
Diversity and classification of flowering plants
Delectus seminum : list of seeds and spores available in 1994.
Estimating the quality of the records used in quantitative biogeography with presence-absence matrices
Index Kewensis.  Supplement twenty : names of seed-bearing plants at the rank of family and below published between January 1991 and the end of 1995 with some omissions from earlier years
Studies in Hawaiian pollen statistics. Part 2, The pollens of the Hawaiian phanerogams
Lake studies in eastern Finnish Lapland. 1: aquatic flora: Phanerogams and Charales
Insect pollination of cultivated crop plants
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Flowers and flowering plants : an introduction to the nature and work of flowers and the classification of flowering plants
Pollen morphology of the genera Onobrychis and Hedysarum (Hedysareae, Fabaceae) in Bulgaria
Plant form : an illustrated guide to flowering plant morphology
Seed production characters and germination performance of reed canary grass in Finland
Flora of the Outer Hebrides
A new definition of genus Tamayorkis (Malaxideae, Epidendroideae, Orchidaceae)
Collins new generation guide to the wild flowers of Britain and Northern Europe
An interactive key to Malesian seed plants
Annotated list of flowering plants and ferns of Point Pelee Ont., and neighbouring districts
Factors limiting reproductive success in terrestrial orchids
Agricultural diversification is one way of meeting the future challenges associated with climate change and population growth, making farmers' access to a diversity of high-yielding, good quality cultivars critical. In this paper we provide an overview of the seed system in the Nordic region from the 1950 to the present. The emphasis  is on breeding businesses and their production of cultivars. Key primary sources have been the national variety lists, other written sources on plant breeding, and a survey. We document how enterprises have merged and how this consolidation process has affected the production of new cultivars and led to an emphasis on major crops, resulting in the abandonment of breeding activities for several other crops. The results are discussed in relation to structures and in the broader context of agrobiodiversity issues in peripheral regions of the world.
Monocots : comparative biology and evolution : excluding Poales [ papers presented at the Third International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons ("Monocots III") and the Fourth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution ("Grasses IV") ..
Studies in tropical African Urticaceae and Moraceae
Seed fate : predation, dispersal, and seedling establishment
The evolution and classification of flowering plants
Monocots : comparative biology and evolution : Poales [ papers presented at the Third International Conference on the Comparative Biology of the Monocotyledons ("Monocots III") and the Fourth International Symposium on Grass Systematics and Evolution ("Grasses IV") ..
Flowering plant families of the world
Anatomy and activities of plants : a guide to the study of flowering plants
Impact of temperature and germination time on the success of a C4 weed in a C3 crop : Amaranthus retroflexus and spring barley
Flowering plants
The Rondeletieae-Condamineeae-Sipaneeae complex (Rubiaceae)
The tiny seed
Index Kewensis. Supplement twenty one : names of seed-bearing plants at the rank of family and below published between January 1996 and the end of 2000 with some omissions from earlier years
Flora of Peninsular Malaysia. Series 2, Seed plants, Vol. 1
Examples of alien pathogens in Finnish potato production - their introduction, establishment and consequences
The germination of seeds
Journal of applied seed production
Wild flowers of Britain & Northern Europe
Seed science and technology
Diversity and evolutionary biology of tropical flowers
Michigan flora : a list of the fern and seed plants growing without cultivation
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2000.
Anatomy of seed plants
Delectus seminum : list of seeds and spores available in 1994 : supplement : seeds from natural habitats in Hokkaido, Japan
The Nordic flora - towards the twenty-first century : studies in honor of Bengt Jonsell on the occasion of his 60th birthday 11 June 1996
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan , coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
The seed savers' handbook
Quality characteristics of edible linseed oil
Fundamentals of plant breeding and hybrid seed production
This paper presents the results of a 3-year field experiment conducted on soil with moderate levels of boron (B) in north-eastern Poland to determine the influence of foliar application of B (0, 150 and 300 g ha-1) on the yield components, yield, mineral composition, nutritional value and feed value of winter oilseed rape seeds. Foliar application of B at the beginning of bud formation in winter oilseed rape increased seed yield by 0.19 (3%) at the lower B fertilization level to 0.26 Mg ha-1 (4%) at the higher B fertilization level. The observed increase in the yield of winter oilseed rape seeds in response to foliar application of B can be attributed to this micronutrient's positive influence on seed production in siliques. Foliar fertilization with B increased B content and decreased Zn and Fe levels in the seeds of winter oilseed rape. When B fertilizer was applied at the rate of 150-300 g ha-1, the N and Ca content of the evaluated seeds increased. The fertilizer improved the nutritional value (crude fat content, fatty acid concentrations) of seeds, but deteriorated their feed value (total protein content, acid detergent fiber concentrations, neutral detergent fiber concentrations, quantitative and qualitative composition of glucosinolates)..
Atlas of seeds and small fruits of Northwest-European plant species (Sweden, Norway, Denmark, East Fennoscandia and Iceland) with morphological descriptions. Part 2, Cyperaceae
Flowering plants and ferns of St. Helena
Ecology of soil seed banks
Handbuch der Pflanzenphysiologie = Encyclopedia of plant physiology. Bd. 15, Teil 1, Differenzierung und Entwicklung
Commercial cultivars and farmers' access to crop diversity: a case study from the Nordic region
Common wild flowers of the Okavango Delta : medicinal uses and nutritional value
Seed aging : implications for seed storage and persistence in the soil
World checklist of seed plants. 1:1, The species
Kärlekens frukter = Fruits of love
Catalogue of Canadian plants. Part 1-3, Polypetalæ, Gamopetalæ, Apetalæ
Guide to flowering plant families
Aromatic and spicy plants in Cyprus : from antiquity to the present day
Taxonomic status of Saussurea alpina subsp. esthonica (Asteraceae): phenetical analysis
Taxonomy of flowering plants
A new species of Crambe (Brassicaceae) from La Gomera, Canary Islands, Spain
Seed world
The development of flowers
40 years of EUCARPIA : European Association for Research on Plant Breeding
An introduction to the anatomy of seed plants
World checklist of seed plants. 1:2, The synonyms
Chaerophyllum bulbosum L. ssp. bulbosum and ssp. prescottii (DC.) Nyman in Finland
New Crepidium (Orchidaceae, Malaxidinae) species from Solomon Islands and Bismarck Archipelago
Physiology of seeds: an introduction to the experimental study of seed and germination problems
Seed policy and programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : proceedings of the Regional Technical Meeting on Seed Policy and Programmes in Latin America and the Caribbean : Merida, Mexico, 20-24 March 2000
Most pathogens on potato have been imported into Finland via contaminated seed more than hundred years ago. The history of migration and the consequences for potato production of potato wart, blackleg and soft rot, Potato mop-top virus (PMTV) and its vector powdery scab are reviewed as examples of economically important and biologically different potato pathogens. Potato wart spread alarmingly during 1920-1960. Plant quarantine acts and the use of resistant cultivars were successful in eradicating the disease. The pathogens causing blackleg and soft rot increased rapidly in 1960-1970. Development of seed certification schemes after the end of the 1970s decreased disease incidence and made the disease insignificant other than for seed potato production. Introduction of new strains of blackleg bacteria in 2003 caused the disease again to become a considerable threat to potato production. PMTV was imported into Finland in the 1970s where it spread rapidly, especially in starch potato production. Currently it is common in all potato production except that of seed potato. The disease cannot be eradicated but contamination of clean fields can be prevented. New diseases can spread to Finland in future but population changes of existing pathogens have recently caused more problems than species completely new to Finland.
Scanning electron microscopy of the surface structure of seeds from the genus Epilobium in Fennoscandia for determining the species
Morphologie, Anatomie und Systematik der höheren Pflanzen = Morphology, anatomy and systematics of higher plants
A flora of the White Mountains, California and Nevada
Notes on the genus Pseudoperistylus (Orchidaceae, Roeperocharidinae), with the description of a new species from Ethiopia
Flora of the Indiana dunes : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Lake Michigan, coast of Indiana and of the Calumet District
Elevation in temperatures due to climate change could promote the invasion by C4 weed species of arable fields in the boreal region, which are dominated by C3 crops. The success of Amaranthus retroflexus L. (a C4 weed) in spring barley (a C3 crop) was studied at current and elevated temperatures (3°C difference) in a greenhouse experiment in southern Finland. The competition treatments included no competition and four levels of competition with barley, differing in terms of germination time. The success of A. retroflexus was measured as growth (height and biomass) and seed production (number and biomass). Elevation in temperature enhanced seed production of A. retroflexus, but the impact on growth was minor (only difference in plant height in one treatment). The growth and seed production of A. retroflexus in competition with barley was minimal although the growth of barley decreased with the rise in temperature. The results indicate that climate change could improve growth of a C4 weed such as A. retroflexus, but it is unlikely to succeed in spring barley.
Atlas of seeds and fruits of Central and East-European flora : the Carpathian Mountains region
Flora of Japan : (in English)
The illustrated encyclopedia of wildflowers & flora of the world : an expert reference and identification guide to over 1730 wild flowers and plants from every continent : 3800 beautiful illustrations, maps and photographs
The surfaces of seeds from nineteen species of Epilobium in Fennoscandia were investigated with scanning electron microscope. The photographs were taken of seeds at magnifications of approximately 45 or 90 times, respectively, depending on the size of the seed. In addition, photographs of four times higher magnification were taken of the base of each seed, as well as detailed pictures of the seed surface at a magnification of about 560 times. In general, the photographs of the seeds were found to provide sufficient evidence to identify the species..
Gynostemia Orchidalium. 3, Orchidaceae-Vandoideae (Polystachyeae, Cymbidieae, Cataseteae, Thecosteleae, Vandeae)
A review of plant-based nutrition interventions on heart disease, obesity and diabetes : suggestions for an educational curriculum
Wild flowers of the Mediterranean
The endemic genera of seed plants of China
Guide to the vascular plants of central French Guiana. Part 2, Dicotyledons
Atlas of flowering plant structure
Double fertilization : embryo and endosperm development in flowering plants
Flowering plants of the world
Chromosome atlas of flowering plants in Japan
Catalogue of seed plants of the West Indies
Genetics of flowering plants
Current trends in the embryology of angiosperms
Gynostemia Orchidalium. 1, Apostasiaceae, Cypripediaceae, Orchidaceae (Thelymitroideae, Orchidoideae, Tropidioideae, Spiranthoideae, Neottioideae, Vanilloideae)
Dioscorea lijiangensis, a new species from China
A new species of Dianthus (Caryophyllaceae) from Salt Lake, Central Anatolia, Turkey
Seed plants of the High Andes of Ecuador - a checklist
Strasburger's textbook of botany
Cassell's wild flowers of Britain and Northern Europe
Seedling ecology and evolution
Arbuscular mycorrhiza, resource availability and belowground interactions between plants and soil microbes
Palaeobiology of angiosperm origins : problems of Mesozoic seed-plant evolution
Jamaican food
Gray's manual of botany : a handbook of the flowering plants and ferns of the Central and Northeastern United States and adjacent Canada
Small-scale pattern and mobility of plant species in alvar grassland
Comparative seed morphology and phylogenetics : case studies in basal angiosperms (ANITA) and asterids (Lysimachia, Ericales)
This book is arranged in 3 sections. The first section (Chapters 2-4) provides an introduction to the flower seed industry and identifies the users of flower seeds. These chapters provide a historical treatment of the industry and emphasize the challenges and opportunities for the ornamental and bedding plant and wildflower industries. The second section (Chapters 5-10) considers the science of flower seed production. Discussions focus on the establishment of successful breeding programmes by seed companies, factors controlling flower induction to obtain high-quality seeds and maximize yield, structure and anatomy of flower seeds, as well as the physiological events that govern seed germination, dormancy imposition and release, and seed deterioration. The third section (Chapters 11-17) discusses the technology of flower seeds. This includes chapters on cleaning, enhancements, germination, viability and vigour testing of flower seeds. Specific guidelines and information to accomplish these tasks are given. A chapter is also provided, describing the activities of the Ornamental Plant Germplasm Centre, the only governmental organization dedicated to conserving germplasm for the future genetic improvement of flower crops.
Notes on spatial genetic structure in a hybrid population between Aconitum japonicum subsp. napiforme and A. jaluense (Ranunculaceae)
Catalogue of Canadian plants. Part 4-5, Endogens, Acrogens
Flowering plant origin, evolution & phylogeny
Structures restricting passage of water in the mature seeds of yellow-cedar (Chamaecyparis nootkatensis)
