http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17709 arts subjects
arts subjects
Exploring clay with children
Equal opportunity for aesthetic development : the arts, the schools, and the law
Renaissance in the classroom : arts integration and meaningful learning
The arts and social justice : re-crafting adult education and community cultural leadership
Art education in a postmodern world : collected essays
Children and their art : methods for the elementary school
My childhood, my creativity, myself : a self-portrait of student actors, dancers and graphic artists
Why our schools need the arts
Do the arts improve academic achievement? What does it mean to 'teach'art? What should the balance of classic and pop be in the music curriculum? Should we encourage young children on the stage? How do we judge whether what a child produces is good? How do we justify the arts in the curriculum? What should be the balance between form and content when teaching art?The Arts in education inspire considerable commitment and passion but this is not always matched by clarity of understanding. This book introduces the reader to key theoretical questions associated with arts education and clearly explains how these are related to practice. It provides an authoritative account of how ideas relevant to education are addressed by key authors in aesthetics, art theory and cultural studies. Covering all aspects of Arts education, the book considers: Why should we teach the arts? Definitions and theories of art; Influences on teaching the arts; Researching the arts; Creativity; Assessment. Throughout the book there are examples of practice to illustrate key ideas and a discussion of useful background texts with a summary of content and arguments for further exploration.
Beyond enrichment : building effective partnerships with schools and your community
Proceedings of the Crafticulation & Education Conference
Postmodern art education : an approach to curriculum
Handbook of research and policy in art education
Why we make art : and why it is taught
Learning intelligence : cognitive acceleration across the curriculum from 5 to 15 years
From human needs, for the people
Sound ways of knowing : music in the interdisciplinary curriculum
Art and creative development for young children
Music inside and outside the school
Taideteollinen korkeakoulu, taidekasvatuksen osasto = University of Industrial Arts Helsinki UIAH, Faculty of Art Education
Why our high schools need the arts
Handbook of the arts in qualitative research : perspectives, methodologies, examples, and issues
Creative pathways : a review  of craft education & training in Ireland
An interactive system for the study and teaching of color theory
The "Handbook of Research and Policy in Art Education" marks a milestone in the field of art education. Sponsored by the National Art Education Association and assembled by an internationally known group of art educators, this 36-chapter handbook provides an overview of the remarkable progress that has characterized this field in recent decades. Organized into six sections, it profiles and integrates the following elements of this rapidly emerging field: history, policy, learning, curriculum and instruction, assessment, and competing perspectives. Because the scholarly foundations of art education are relatively new and loosely coupled, this handbook provides researchers, students, and policymakers (both inside and outside the field) an invaluable snapshot of its current boundaries and rapidly growing content. In a nutshell, it provides much needed definition and intellectual respectability to a field that as recently as 1960 was more firmly rooted in the world of arts and crafts than in scholarly research.
Disability matters : pedagogy, media and affect
"This book presents the first comprehensive introduction to arts-based research (ABR) practices, which scholars in multiple disciplines are fruitfully using to reveal information and represent experiences that traditional methods cannot capture. Each of the six major ABR genres/m-/narrative inquiry, poetry, music, performance, dance, and visual art/m-/is covered in chapters that introduce key concepts and tools and present an exemplary research article by a leading ABR practitioner. Patricia Leavy discusses the kinds of research questions these innovative approaches can address and offers practical guidance for applying them in all phases of a research project, from design and data collection to analysis, interpretation, representation, and evaluation. Chapters include checklists to guide methodological decision making, discussion questions, and recommended print and online resources"--
Integrating multiple literacies in K-8 classrooms : cases, commentaries, and practical applications
Integrating the arts : twelve school-based experiences
Research on understanding works of art: some considerations for structuring art viewing experiences for students
Softening the boundaries of music in general education
Interdisciplinary art education : building bridges to connect disciplines and cultures
Social and critical practice in art education
Teaching primary art
Secondary art education : an anthology of issues
This practical text helps student teachers develop their confidence, understandings and skills so that they can effectively and authentically teach arts in primary and middle school classrooms. Delivering Authentic Arts Education outlines the true nature of arts education and its importance in the curriculum, emphasising the arts as forms of creative activity, meaning-making and expression in a cultural context. Written in the context of the Australian Curriculum: The Arts, this new edition makes it easy for students to connect to curriculum documents. Chapters discuss how to recognise and build on your existing artistic abilities and pedagogical skills, how to encourage children's creativity, and the general principles of planning and assessment. It then examines the five arts areas: dance, drama, media arts, music and visual arts. The final part of the text contains sample learning activities and resources that demonstrate how to plan an effective lesson within a unit of inquiry. Practical tips, classroom 'snapshots', starter ideas and suggestions for programs show you the links between theory and practice so you can develop arts education experiences that are purposeful, stimulating and engaging for everyone.
Teaching integrated arts in the primary school : dance, drama, music and the visual arts
"Déjà vu all over again"? - a critical response to Claire Detels' Helsinki discussion paper
Developing the arts in primary schools : good practice in teacher education
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference : post-conference book
The arts in education : an introduction to aesthetics, theory and pedagogy
Studies in art education
Teaching primary art and design
Stand(ing) up, for a change : voices of arts educators
Children and their art : art education for elementary and middle schools
Arts education in secondary schools : effects and effectiveness
Research in art & design education : issues and exemplars
The arts, young children, and learning
Design learning and well-being : 4th International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Practices of experimentation : research and teaching in the arts today = Praktiken des Experimentierens : Forschung und Lehre in den Künsten heute
Emphasis art : a qualitative art program for elementary and middle schools
The arts, education, and aesthetic knowing
Artists in the classroom : an analysis of the Arts in Education Program of the National Endowment for the Arts
Understanding art in primary schools : cases from teachers' research
General knowledge and arts education : an interpretation of E. D. Hirsch's cultural literacy
The arts in the primary school
Cross-curricular teaching and learning in the secondary school : the arts : drama, visual art, music and design
Art, mind and education : research from Project Zero
Blue is the sea : music, dance & visual arts
Why we make art and why it is taught
Improving teaching and learning in the arts
Studio art : praxis, symbol, presence
Artful teaching : integrating the arts for understanding across the curriculum, K-8
The arts as meaning makers : integrating literature and the arts throughout the curriculum
Constructing a formbild : an inquiry into the dynamical and hierarchical aspects of the hermeneutical filters controlling the formbild construction in design education situations
The history of art education
Clay in classroom : helping children develop cognitive and affective skills for learning
Artist-teacher : a philosophy for creating and teaching
A is for aesthetic : essays on creative and aesthetic education
Art education : the Journal of the National art education association
Coordinating music across the primary school
Focus on northern culture : INMAC under preparation
Collage in the classroom
Art history, art criticism, and art production : an examination of art education in selected school districts. Vol. 2, Case studies of seven selected sites
The social imagination : the education of didactic contemporary artists ; Public expression : didactic contemporary artists as educators
A dictionary of Japanese artists : painting, sculpture, ceramics, prints, lacquer
Children and the arts
Art, craft and design in the primary school
Method meets art : arts-based research practice
Teaching meaning in artmaking
Transition from artist to artist teacher : a case study of graduate student studio teaching
Rethinking the contemporary art school : the artist, the PhD and the academy
Rights of the child to the arts, culture and creativity : 2nd International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education Conference, October 9, 2009 at the University of Helsinki : post-conference book
Delivering authentic arts education
History, theory, and practice of art criticism in art education
Nature through science and art
Artists' pigments : a handbook of their history and characteristics. Vol. 1
Interdisciplinary elementary physical education
Teaching arts in primary schools
Artists in schools : a handbook for teachers and artists
The visual arts and early childhood learning
Teaching art and design 3-11
The claims of feeling : readings in aesthetic education
Studying arts and humanities
The arts, education and aesthetic knowing
Integrating the arts : an approach to teaching and learning in multicultural and multilingual settings
Art and disability : the social and political struggles facing education
Whether you are beginning a teacher-training course or embarking on a career in teaching, this introductory textbook provides information on how to meet the standards for the effective teaching of art in foundation and primary settings.
This book introduces trainees and newly qualified primary teachers to the teaching of art and design in primary schools. It helps students gain an appreciation of what constitutes good practice in primary art and design and how they can go about achieving it. To meet the different needs of students, the book identifies varying levels of experience, creativity and confidence, and offers suggestions for applying these levels to the classroom. The book covers key areas of the art and design curriculum for Early Years Foundation Stage, Key Stage 1 and Key Stage 2, considering both their discrete a.
Assessing expressive learning : a practical guide for teacher-directed, authentic assessment in K-12 visual arts education
Art and crafts with children
Readings in discipline-based art education : a literature of educational reform
Pathways to art appreciation : a source book for media & methods
This is an introductory textbook for those training to teach and support learning in art in the primary school. The book first explores the underpinning philosophy and pedagogy of teaching and learning art, including why we teach it; planning and assessment; and teaching and support strategies. Then it covers the practical aspects of teaching art, including a list of useful vocabulary to encourage talk around art and links to cross-curricular learning.
Native art and school curriculum : Saskatchewan aboriginal artists' perspectives
A moral critique of contemporary education
Toward a new era in arts education
Physical and art education in China
Barns bildspråk = Children's pictorial language
Supervision and administration : programs, positions, perspectives
Teaching art, craft and design : a practical guide for primary and secondary teachers
The position of music, arts, physical education and crafts teaching in the Finnish school system
All our futures : creativity, culture & education : report to the secretary of state for education and employment, the secretary of state for culture media and sport
A descriptive case study of student perceptions in an introductory computer art course
Teaching literacy through the arts
Arts and cultural education at school in Europe
Art and craft in the primary school
Yearbook of the National Society for the Study of Education. 91. Part 2, The arts, education, and aesthetic knowing
Arts and skills - source of well-being : Third International Journal of Intercultural Arts Education
Primary arts education : contemporary issues
