http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17739 certificates of honour
certificates of honour
The histories of chronicles composed in England during the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries and onwards, with a focus on texts belonging to or engaging with the 'Prose Brut' tradition, are the focus of this volume. The contributors examine the composition, dissemination and reception of historical texts written in Anglo-Norman, Latin and English, including the 'Prose Brut chronicle' (c. 1300 and later), 'Castleford's Chronicle' (c. 1327), and Nicholas Trevet's 'Les Cronicles' (c. 1334), looking at questions of the processes of writing, rewriting, printing and editing history. They cross traditional boundaries of subject and period, taking multi-disciplinary approaches to their studies in order to underscore the (shifting) historical, social and political contexts in which medieval English chronicles were used and read from the fourteenth century through to the present day. As such, the volume honours the pioneering work of the late Professor Lister M. Matheson, whose research in this area demonstrated that a full understanding of medieval historical literature demands attention to both the content of the works in question and to the material circumstances of producing those works.
Makers and users of medieval books : essays in honour of A.S.G. Edwards
Counterpoint : essays in archaeology and heritage studies in honour of professor Kristian Kristiansen
Roman military diplomas 1954-1977
Roman military diplomas 1985-1993
Till en evakuerad igelkott : festskrift till Maria Nikolajeva = Celebrating a displaced hedgehog : a Festschrift for Maria Nikolajeva
Shame or honour?
Peregrinus sum : studies in history of Hungarian-Dutch cultural relations in honour of Ferenc Postma on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Mikä osa yleisöllä? : viestintäoikeuden vuosikirja 2007 = Yearbook of communication law 2007 = Jahrbuch für Kommunikationsrecht 2007.
The method and culture of comparative law : essays in honour of Mark van Hoecke
Clinical and related research in communication
The prose Brut and other late medieval chronicles : books have their histories : essays in honour of Lister M. Matheson
Palaeography, manuscript illumination and humanism in Renaissance Italy : studies in memory of A.C. de la Mare
Cover her face : an Adam Dalgliesh mystery
Scala naturae : Festschrift in honour of Arvo Krikmann for his 75th birthday
Russian-english numismatic dictionary
