http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17745 convenience foods
convenience foods
A lieder recital lp 215
Thomas Mann's last major novel, "Doktor Faustus", revolves around the transformation of traditional German culture into Hitler's fascist Germany, a process that intrigues and confounds thinking people still today. Mann has always been considered an exemplary and authoritative portrayer of German culture, and his opinion on the rise of fascism carries considerable weight. Unfortunately, the novel has always been interpreted as saying the opposite of what it does in fact say. Frances Lee provides a radically new interpretation by relating in a detailed manner to the text of "Doktor Faustus" the arguments expressed by Mann in his "Observations of a Non-Political Man" - a book of political essays published in 1918. This approach resolves many of the features that have been seen by critics as flaws or contradictions in the novel. Lee establishes what is actually happening in the novel in its historical setting, showing Mann's view of how the acceptance of fascism occurred and the determining role he attributed to the academic community in bringing about the disaster. Her book will be of interest to both amateur and professional students of Mann, particularly because it points to rich new directions for study. Frances Ann Ray Lee received the Ph.D. in German literature from the University of Toronto in 2005.
Ruoka-aineiden ravintoainesisältö = Livsmedlens näringsinnehåll = Nutrient composition of foods
The rendering of the concept of ability in the English translation of Heinrich Böll's Ansichten eines Clowns
Ready-to-eat foods : microbial concerns and control measures
Alban Berg - the violin concerto
The Faust theme in romantic music
"Artificial sensory evaluation : appearance-based analysis of ready meals"
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Overturning Dr. Faustus : rereading Thomas Mann's novel in light of Observations of a non-political man
Fast food nation : what the all-american meal is doing to the world
Creative cooking
Gas packaging of chilled meat products and ready-to-eat foods
The Kant-Eberhard controversy : an English translation, together with supplementary materials and a historical-analytic introduction of Immanuel Kant's On a discovery according to which any new critique of pure reason has been made superfluous by an earlier one
Mutagenic and oestrogenic activities of commercially processed food items and water samples : a comparison between Finland and Nigeria
