http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17790 youth recreational facilities
youth recreational facilities youth centres
Young people and the shaping of public space in Melbourne, 1870-1914
Abstract: From innocence to freezy : observation of the transition stage from childhood to youth.
Social anxiety in adolescents and young adults : translating developmental science into practice
Members' committee - representative of youth club community?
Cyberkids : children in the information age
Children and young people's spaces : developing practice
Social anxiety disorder in children and adolescents : assessment, maintaining factors, and treatment
Youth learning on their own terms : creative practices and classroom teaching
The 'hood comes first : race, space, and place in rap and hip-hop
Being young in Europe today
The health of youth : a cross-national survey
Tiivistelmä. - English summary.
World youth report 2003 : the global situation of young people
Young people, place and identity
Abstract.
Street world : urban culture from five continents
After subculture : critical studies in contemporary youth culture
Youth, citizenship and social change in a European context
Monitoring health status of vulnerable groups in Europe : past and present
Young people at the heart of Europe : a decade of the European Youth Centre Budapest
Economics and youth violence : crime, disadvantage, and community
Masculinities and violence in youth cultures
"How do economic conditions such as poverty, unemployment, inflation, and economic growth impact youth violence? Economics and Youth Violence provides a much-needed new perspective on this crucial issue. Pinpointing the economic factors that are most important, the editors and contributors in this volume explore how different kinds of economic issues impact children, adolescents, and their families, schools, and communities. Offering new and important insights regarding the relationship between macroeconomic conditions and youth violence across a variety of times and places, chapters cover such issues as the effect of inflation on youth violence; new quantitative analysis of the connection between race, economic opportunity, and violence; and the cyclical nature of criminal backgrounds and economic disadvantage among families. Highlighting the complexities in the relationship between economic conditions, juvenile offenses, and the community and situational contexts in which their connections are forged, Economics and Youth Violence prompts important questions that will guide future research on the causes and prevention of youth violence. Contributors: Sarah Beth Barnett, Eric P. Baumer, Philippe Bourgois, Shawn Bushway, Philip J. Cook, Robert D. Crutchfield, Linda L. Dahlberg, Mark Edberg, Jeffrey Fagan, Xiangming Fang, Curtis S. Florence, Ekaterina Gorislavsky, Nancy G. Guerra, Karen Heimer, Janet L. Lauritsen, Jennifer L. Matjasko, James A. Mercy, Matthew Phillips, Richard Rosenfeld, Tim Wadsworth, Valerie West, Kevin T. Wolff Richard Rosenfeld is Curators Professor of Criminology and Criminal Justice at the University of Missouri - St. Louis. Mark Edberg is Associate Professor at the George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services. Xiangming Fang is Professor of Economics and Director of the International Center for Applied Economics and Policy in the College of Economics and Management at China Agricultural University. Curtis S. Florence is the lead health economist for the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control (NCIPC)".
Bullying behaviour in relation to psychiatric disorders, suicidality and criminal offences : a study of under-age adolescent inpatients in Northern Finland
Whether in their homes, schools, streets, parks, in children's centres or cyberspace, children and young people live their lives in spaces which impact on their language and concepts, and on their social worlds and relationships. This important and innovative text provides a new framework for thinking about how relationships are developed with children and young people in the spaces they inhabit. Drawing on a wide range of perspectives, it analyses how spaces are negotiated, produced and experienced by children and young people. It offers clear guidance on how practitioners can use spaces productively to form and maintain working relationships with children and young people. In particular the book: a- assesses how places and spaces influence and are influenced by children and young people a- situates the development of work with children and young people within the thinking and values associated with social pedagogy, an approach to practice favoured in Continental Europe and attracting much interest in the UK a- advocates democratic practice and includes methods for participatory practice-led research. An illuminating anthology of readings with a truly multidisciplinary and holistic approach, this is an essential text for students and practitioners working or intending to work with children, young people and their families. It also makes insightful reading for those with broader theoretical interests in social science, psychology and human geography.
Social phobia and depression in adolescence in general population : concurrent associations and 2 year follow up
Unification and marginalisation of young people
European cities, youth and the public sphere in the twentieth century
Wildfire. Kausi 1.
Youth, space and time : agoras and chronotopes in the global city
Contemporary marginalization and exclusion of young people : whose reality counts?
Identities in space : contested terrains in the western city since 1850
Portraits of peer violence in public space : experiences from young people in four localities in Europe
