http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17775 space law
space law law of outer space
The law relating to activities of man in space
Civil space systems : implications for international security
Outer space, outer sea, outer land, and international law
Conclusions and observations (s. 404-427).
The taxation of space commerce
Space law : past, present, and future
Proceedings of the international institute of space law 2012
Cases on space law : texts, comments and references
International space law in the making : current issues in the UN Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture seminars given at the Centre for Research in Air and Space Law. 3
Outer space and legal liability
International space law
Outlook on space law over the next 30 years : essays published for the 39th anniversary of the Outer Space Treaty
Proceedings of the Second European Conference on Space Debris, ESOC, Darmstadt, Germany, 17-19 March 1997.
Space debris and the corpus iuris spatialis
The law of outer space : An experience in contemporary law-making
The legal regime for space stations in free orbit : aspects of the legal regime in general, the intellectual property law and the criminal law with special reference to the IGA-Agreement of 1988, i.e. the Agreement among the Government of the United States of America, Governments of Member States of the European Space Agency, the Government of Japan, and the Government of Canada on Cooperation in the detailed design, development, operation and utilization of the permanently manned civil space station
Principles of outer space law in hindsight
Colloque. 1982 , Le règlement des différends sur les nouvelles ressources naturelles = The settlement of disputes on the new natural resources, La Haye, 8-10 novembre 1982 / Workshop / Hague Academy of International Law, United Nations University ; prep. par = ed. by René-Jean Dupuy
Weltraumrecht : Textsammlung = Law of outer space
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture-seminars given at the Centre for Research of Air and Space Law. 1
Proceedings of the International Institute of Space Law. 2010, IISL-ECSL Symposium held on the occasion of the 49th Session of the Legal Subcommitteee of UNCOPUOS (22 March 2010, Vienna, Austria) ; 53th Colloquium on the Law of Outer Space and 25th IAA-IISL Scientific/Legal Roundtable (27 September - 1 October 2010, Prague, Czech Republic) ; 19th Manfred Lachs Space Law Moot Court Competition 2010 (30 October 2010, Czech Republic) ; 5th Eilene Galloway Symposium on Critical Issues in Space Law (2nd Decem,ber 2010, Washington, D.C. USA) ; and other materials
Dispute settlement in space activities : need for new mechanisms
The law of outer space : an experience in contemporary law-making
Proceedings of the International Institute of Space Law 2013.
Legal issues of global navigation satellite system
New Finnish doctoral dissertations in international law : the environmental element in space law : assessing the present and charting the future
Space law : a bibliography : cumulative index of the proceedings of colloquiums of the International Institute of Space Law, 1958-1994
Handbook of space law
Air and space law: de lege ferenda : essays in honour of Henri A. Wassenbergh
The exploitation of natural resources of the moon and other celestial bodies : a proposal for a legal regime
Space law and government
Proceedings of the international institute of space law 2011
The law of outer space
Moon : prospective energy and material resources
Special project report : MEO/LEO constellations : U. S. laws, policies, and regulations on orbital debris mitigation
Treatise on air-aeronautical law
Earth-oriented space activities and their legal implications : proceedings of the symposium held on October 15-16, 1981 = Les activités spatiales effectuées au service de la terre et leurs implications juridiques : rapports du symposium tenu les 15 et 16 octobre 1981
Space law : a treatise
Reexamining customary international law
Proceedings of the Forty-third Colloquium on the Law of Outer Space
Oppenheim's international law. Volume 1, Peace : introduction and part 1
Summary in Dutch.
From manganese nodules to lunar regolith : a comparative legal study of utilization of the natural resources in deep seabed and outer space
The use of air and outer space cooperation and competition
Air and space law
Space stations : international law and policy
The Finnish yearbook of international law. 7, (1996)
Rights in air space
The question of legitimacy of threat or use of force in and from outer space : a reflection on the sanctity and legal binding force of the Charter of the United Nations and the 1967 Outer Space Treaty
Common security in outer space and international law
International regulation of satellite communication
Outer space : a new dimension of the arms race
Cologne commentary on space law in three volumes. vol. 1, Outer space treaty
Law and space telecommunications
International legal problems in the peaceful exploration and use of outer space
Air and space laws awaken interest
The modern international law of outer space
State liability for outer space activities in accordance with the 1972 Convention on international liability for damage caused by space objects
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Nuclear liability : a feasible model for the space sector?
Space law : development and scope
Countdown to space war
A new liability regime for the space sector : an economic imperative
A new force at a new frontier : Europe's development in the space field in the light of its main actors, policies, law and activities from its beginnings up to the present
Dispute settlement in international space law : a multi-door courthouse for outer space
Outer space : problems of law and policy
Heaven and earth : civilian uses of near-earth space
Space activities and emerging international law
Perspectives on international law
Highlights in space : progress in space science, technology and applications, international cooperation and space law
Astrobusiness : a guide to the commerce and law of outer space
Commercial utilization of outer space : law and practice
Environmental aspects of activities in outer space : state of the law and measures of protection ; proceedings of an international colloquium Cologne, May 16-19, 1988
Environmental impact assessment as a tool for space debris mitigation
Subjects of international law with special reference to the subjects of international law of outer space
Whither international law, thither space law : a discipline in transition
The astronauts and rescue agreement : lessons learned
Research and invention in outer space : liability and intellectual property rights
The law of international spaces
Space debris : legal and policy implications
Arms control and disarmament in outer space : lecture seminars given at the Centre for Research in Air and Space Law. 2
The Finnish perspective to Space Law and policy
Building the architecture for sustainable space security : conference report 30-31 March 2006.
Space weapons : the arms control dilemma
Space law
Military technology, armaments dynamics and disarmament : ABC weapons, military use of nuclear energy and of outer space and implications for international law
United Nations and the progressive development of international space law
Proceedings of the Colloquium on the Law of Outer Space
Towards more effective settlement of disputes in the space sector
The use of airspace and outer space for all mankind in the 21st century
An introduction to space law
Space law in the United Nations
Private enterprise and public interest in the European 'spacescape' : towards harmonized national space legislation for private space activities in Europe
The environmental element in space law : assessing the present and charting the future
The law and regulation of international space communication
Legal aspects of European space activities : ESA convention, EEC internal market and common commercial policy
National space legislation throughout the world
Encyclopedia of public international law. 11, Law of the sea, air and space
Journal of space law
Satellites : liability and damages in international law
Space law perspectives : commentaries based on volumes 1-15 of the Colloquia on the Law of Outer Space
Oppenheim's International law. 1, Peace : Parts 2 to 4
Study on the application of confidence-building measures in outer space : report of the Secretary-General
Space transport liability : national and international aspects
Studies in space law : its challenges and prospects
Chinas strategy in space
Cologne commentary on space law in three volumes. vol. 2, Rescue agreement, liability convention, registration convention, moon agreement
This book addresses why China is going into space and provides up- to-date information on all aspects of the Chinese Space Program in terms of launch vehicles, launch sites and infrastructure, crew vehicles for space exploration, satellite applications and scientific exploration capabilities. Beyond mere capabilities, it is important to understand how Chinese aerospace leaders think, how they make decisions, and what their ultimate goal is during their space endeavors. What are Chinese intentions in space? To what extent does culture and ethics influence Chinese strategic decision-making within the highest levels of the aerospace industrial complex? This book examines these questions and offers four potential scenarios on where the Chinese space program is headed based on this new perspective of understanding Chinas space goals. This book is not only required reading for policy makers and military leaders in the US government, but also for the general population, students, and professionals interested in truly understanding the reasons behind what the Chinese are doing in space.
Developments in space law : issues and policies
