http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1772 comparative research
comparative research
Business interests, organizational development and private interest government : an international comparative study of the food processing industry
Canadian and Australian labour history : towards a comparative perspective
Systematic approaches to comparative politics
A comparative study on challenges in the psychosocial work environment of Finnish and foreign-born general practitioners
Comparative economic systems : organizational and managerial perspectives
Compulsory schooling in a changing world
Introduction to comparative entomology
Abstract in english.
Sectoral composition and the effect education on wages : an international comparison
Adults in higher education
Survey design and analysis : current issues
The concept of coherence in art
A comparative study of science education at the primary school level in Finland and Thailand
The politics of representation : continuities in theory and research
Technology behind real-time location systems : Radio Frequency-based Systems
Government and the news media : comparative dimensions
Journalism and unionization : a comparative study of the Korean and foreign press
Some traits of Christian theological writing in relation to Moslem Kalām and to Jewish thought
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Hinduism and Christianity
Medical compared with surgical management in induced abortions and miscarriages
Cross-national differences in the environmental consciousness
Effectiveness of e-government in a two-case comparison : health care services in Finland and Estonia
Behind the texts and notes and the edition : M. A. Castrén's lectures on mythology
A textbook of comparative endocrinology
Youth participation in religious activities: case study of the congregations of Mikael Agricola and Munkkiniemi Churches in Helsinki, Finland and the Presbyterian Church Down Beach Limbe, Cameroon : a comparative perspective
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
Systems of financing labor market policy : an international comparison
Grammaticalizing aspect and affectedness
Comparative physical education and sport. Vol. 4
Ethics codes in national administrations : a comparison of eight European countries
Comparing legislatures : an analytic study
Social policy and social security in Australia, Britain and the USA
Comparative and international research in education : globalisation, context and difference
Soviet and American society : a comparison
Comparative politics : an institutional and cross-national approach
Preparation and issuing of the primary school curriculum : a comparative study : Afghanistan, Albania, Argentina, Australia, Austria ... : XXIth International Conference on Public Education, Geneva 1958.
Parents and teachers view the child : a comparative study of parents' and teachers' appraisals of children
Modes of occurrence : verbs, adverbs and events
Women and transition : the case of Estonia
Design of comparative experiments
Cases in comparative politics
Remodeling the public system of child protection in Russia : implementing American experience into the Russian practice
Lecture notes : seminar on multiple comparison procedures in Turku, January 23-24, 1997
Reader in comparative religion : an anthropological approach
A theory of coordination and its implications on EU structural policy : a comparative study of the challenges for coordination in structurel funds in Finland, Ireland, and Sweden
The dynamics of company profits : an international comparison
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
Housing markets and policies under fiscal austerity
Art education : an international survey
Comparing emergency medical services and paramedic education between Finland and England
Comparative policy studies : conceptual and methodological challenges
Policy, planning and management in technical and vocational education : a comparative study
Þjálfi journey : an example of how to incorporate younger sources in the comparative study of indigenous religions of Northern Europe
Parliamentary sources in the comparative study of conceptual history: methodological aspects and illustrations of a research proposal
Contemporary democracies : participation, stability, and violence
Content Management System Implementation Efficiency and Value
Fighting corruption in China : a comparative analysis of anti-corruption measures in China and Singapore
Unemployment and employment policy at the local level : a comparative case study
Educational differentials in male mortality in Russia and northern Europe : a comparison of an epidemiological cohort from Moscow and St. Petersburg with the male populations of Helsinki and Oslo
Conceptual and comparative studies of continental and anglo-american professions
Multiple comparisons for researchers
Comparative physical education and sport. Vol. 3
Philosophical foundations of human rights
Other schools and ours : a comparative study for today
Hybridity in public sector universities : a comparative analysis of influences in Finland and the Netherlands
bear rituals found among the southern Khanty (about 1900) and the southern Sami (about 1750).
Critical learning incidents and use as a learning method : a comparison of Finnish and British nurse student teachers
International journal of sino-western studies
Varieties of comparative criminology
Psychosocial well-being of schoolchildren in the Barents region : a comparison from the northern parts of Norway, Sweden and Finland and Northwest Russia
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Experience of early exit : a comparative study of the reasons for and consequences of early retirement in Finland and Denmark in 1999-2000
The study of comparative government and politics
Alcohol policy in Italy and Finland : a comparative perspective
Art meets law in education : yearbook of the European Association for education law and policy
From birth to eight : young children in European society in the 1980's
A comparative study of special education contrasting Denmark, Sweden, and the United States of America
Environmental awareness in Britain and Finland
Income distribution : a comparative study of the United States, Sweden, West Germany, East Germany, the United Kingdom, and Japan
World survey of pre-school education
Orientalist and multiculturalist representations in Chinese-American Literature : imagological and hermeneutic interpretation of The Woman Warrior and The Kitchen God's Wife
Do the catholic and protestant countries differ by their tax morale?
The making of the new environmental consciousness : a comparative study of the environmental movements in Sweden, Denmark and the Netherlands
Comparative education : the construction of a field
Comparative politics : new directions in theory and method
Comparative physical education and sport. Vol. 5
Professionalisation of nursing in England and Spain : a comparative study
Good results in psychiatric health care and factors affecting them in Finland and in Greece
A comparative study of the South and North Korean Economies
A comparative survey of the folktales of ten peoples
Comparative political systems : political processes in developed and developing states
The indispensable role of culture : explaining different organisations and understandings by comparison of German and Norwegian factories
Comparative analysis of government regulation of business in Finland, Russia and Germany
The welfare state East and West
Peace education in different countries
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Community education in the Western world
Learning opportunities for adults
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
Comparative philosophy without borders
Visible variation : comparative studies on sign language structure
Working papers on comparative legislative studies
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
Meeting future needs of Finnish working life through a healthy workforce : 2009 international evaluation of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health
Sustainable Marketing  : The Importance of Being a Sustainable Business
Abstract: Notes on the comparative study of microstates.
Summary.
What does design expose? : a comparative study of Finnish modern furniture and Chinese Ming-style furniture
Contextual determinants of electoral system choice : a macro-comparative study 1945-2003
"Good design considers units and treatments first, and then allocates treatments to units. It does not choose from a menu of named designs. This approach requires a notation for units that does not depend on the treatments applied. Most structure on the set of observational units, or on the set of treatments, can be defined by factors. This book develops a coherent framework for thinking about factors and their relationships, including the use of Hasse diagrams. These are used to elucidate structure, calculate degrees of freedom and allocate treatment subspaces to appropriate strata. Based on a one-term course the author has taught since 1989, the book is ideal for advanced undergraduate and beginning graduate courses. Examples, exercises and discussion questions are drawn from a wide range of real applications: from drug development, to agriculture, to manufacturing."--BOOK JACKET.
Resources, needs and outcomes in community-based care : a comparative study of the production of welfare for elderly people in ten local authorities in England and Wales
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
"I will set his hand on the sea, and his right hand on the river" : North West Semitic Kingship and the sea of combat myth : a survey of Hebrew poetry in light of ancient Near Eastern evidence
Understanding the political world : a comparative introduction to political science
Comparative methods in the social sciences
The education of adults : a world perspective
Is Finland different? Quality of Work Among Finnish and European Employees
Change of norm? : in-work poverty in a comparative perspective
Minority government and majority rule
The crisis in welfare : an international perspective on social services and social work
Alcohol, society and the state. 2, The social history of control policy in seven countries
Public administration : a comparative perspective
An analysis of: Government sponsored social welfare expenditure and human aggression : in 6 OECD countries
Governments in democratic capitalist states 1950-1983 : a data handbook
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
Comparative Philosophy without Borders presents original scholarship by leading contemporary comparative philosophers, each addressing a philosophical issue that transcends the concerns of any one cultural tradition. By critically discussing and weaving together these contributions in terms of their philosophical presuppositions, this cutting-edge volume initiates a more sophisticated, albeit diverse, understanding of doing comparative philosophy. Within a broad conception of the alternative shapes that work in philosophy may take, this volume breaks three kinds of boundaries: between cultures, historical periods and sub-disciplines of philosophy such as metaphysics, epistemology, ethics, aesthetics, and political philosophy. As well as distinguishing three phases of the development of comparative philosophy up to the present day, the editors argue why the discipline now needs to enter a new phase. Putting to use philosophical thought and textual sources from Eurasia and Africa, contributors discuss modern psychological and cognitive science approaches to the nature of mind and topics as different as perception, poetry, justice, authority, and the very possibility of understanding other people. Comparative Philosophy without Borders demonstrates how drawing on philosophical resources from across cultural traditions can produce sound state-of-the-art progressive philosophy. Fusing the horizons of traditions opens up a space for creative conceptual thinking outside all sorts of boxes.
The hollow crown : coutervailing trends in core executives
The parallax approach : situating traditions in long-term perspective
Preparation of general secondary school curricula : a study in comparative education : Afghanistan, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium ... : XXIIIrd International Conference on Public Education, Geneva 1960.
Alternative goals in religion : love, freedom, truth
Comparative vertebrate anatomy
Issues and methods in comparative politics : an introduction
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
The 'bear ceremonial' and bear rituals among the Khanty and the Sami
Shifts in the welfare mix : their impact on work, social services and welfare policies
New challenges for European human resource management
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
Changing patterns of the higher education system : the experience of three decades
Distinguishing continuities : textual entities, extra-textual entities and conceptual schemas
Comparing public bureaucracies : problems of theory and method
The comparative archeology of early Mesopotamia
Central and Eastern European media in comparative perspective : politics, economy and culture
On the comparative method in folklore research
Decisions in organizations : a three-country comparative study
Management values, resources and power : a comparison of management values in Ålesund and Vaasa hospitals
This paper presents an analysis of 56 variants of European and North American examples of the so-called Polyphemus tale (international tale type ATU 1137) using phylogenetic software according to  190 traits. Discussion addresses a number of points of comparative methodology while considering the historical implications of a relationship between different versions of this tale type recorded in diverse cultures.
Accounting practices in OECD member countries
International organizations : a comparative approach
Polyphemus : a palaeolithic tale?
Early Finno-Ugric linguistics
Comparative animal physiology
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
An introduction to comparative politics
Child protectionin Finland and England : comparative study
Comparative social policy : theories, methods, findings
School psychologists : from information furnished by the ministries of education : Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bolivia ... : XIth International Conference on Public Education convened by Unesco and the I.B.E., Geneva 1948.
Comparative survey analysis
Environmental education in the Nordic countries : Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden
