http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17771 labour crimes
labour crimes
Policing world society : historical foundations of international police cooperation
The making of a detective
Computerization in the management of the criminal justice system : proceedings of the Workshop and the Symposium on Computerization of Criminal Justice Information at the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders : Cairo, Egypt, 29 April - 8 May 1995
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Cybercrime : an introduction
The principle of mutual recognition in cooperation in criminal matters : a study of the principle in four framework decisions and in the implementation legislation in the nordic member states
The killing lessons
Anti-corruption handbook for development practitioners
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 2
European evidence warrant : transnational judicial inquiries in the EU
The American slave coast : a history of the slave-breeding industry
A cannabis reader : global issues and local experiences : perspectives on cannabis controversies, treatment and regulation in Europe
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 7 (2009)
Research handbook on EU criminal law
A loyal character dancer
Finland drug situation 2010 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2010 national report to the EMCDDA
The implementation of the Corpus Juris in the Member States = La mise en oeuvre du Corpus Juris dans les états membres : penal provisions for the protection of European finance = dispositions pénales pour la protection des finances de l'Europe. Vol. 4
OLAF and international cooperation : the fight against fraud and transnational crime
Hungarian-Finnish penal law seminary on petty offences : 5-8 September, 1983, Budapest
Death of an expert witness
The crossing
Availability of law enforcement information in the European Union : between mutual recognition and equivalent right of access
A darkness more than night
In the footsteps of Tampere : justice in the European Union
Beyond Baker Street
The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court: a commentary. Vol. 1
The principle of mutual recognition in EU law
The prison and the factory : origins of the penitentiary system
Pupil-related psychosocial factors, school setting, and teacher sick leave : a collaborative data study
Tracing economic crimes in transition : constructing collaborative expertise among economic crime investigators : a research plan
Reefer madness and other tales from the American underground
Lonely hearts
Social learning theory and the explanation of crime : a guide for the new century
Beyond employment : time, work and the informal economy
Blue bloods. The first season
Principles and procedures for a new transnational criminal law : documentation of an international workshop in Freiburg, May 1991
The falls
Motivational dialogue : preparing addiction professionals for motivational interviewing practice
Motor vehicle theft in Europe : international cooperation in the prevention and control of the theft of and illicit trafficking in motor vehicles
Blue bloods. The third season
Crime sans frontiers : international and European legal approaches
An axiom of military law : applicability of national criminal law to military personnel and associated civilians abroad
A safer tomorrow : Internal Security Programme
"A wide-ranging, powerful, alternative vision of the history of the United States and how the slave-breeding industry shaped it. The American Slave Coast tells the horrific story of how the slavery business in the United States made the reproductive labor of "breeding women" essential to the expansion of the nation. The book shows how slaves' children, and their children's children, were human savings accounts that were the basis of money and credit. This was so deeply embedded in the economy of the slave states that it could only be decommissioned by Emancipation, achieved through the bloodiest war in the history of the United States. The American Slave Coast is an alternative history of the United States that presents the slavery business, as well as familiar historical figures and events, in a revealing new light"--
Extradition Act 2003 (c.41) and Crime (International Co-operation) Act 2003 (c.32) : a current law statute guide
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
International co-operation : the development of crime prevention and criminal justice in Central and Eastern Europe
Finland drug situation 2014
Court work in transition : an activity-theoretical study of changing work practices in a Finnish district court
Learning to work together : collaboration between authorities in economic-crime investigation
Blue bloods. The fourth season
Crisis intervention in criminal justice/social service
Good practice in working with violence
The substantive criminal law competence of the EU
Illicit drug trafficking : harmonization in the European union and its effects on Finland
The European Union and cooperation in criminal matter : the search for balance
Blue bloods. The second season
Preventing corruption : a handbook of anti-corruption techniques for use in international development cooperation
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao = Annual report on China's rule of law. 8 (2010)
Transnational enforcement of the financial interests of the European Union : developments in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the Corpus Juris
Psychodynamic perspectives on abuse : the cost of fear
City of bones
Whose responsibility? : a study of transnational defence rights and mutual recognition of judicial decisions within the EU
Working it out : a handbook for violence prevention in work with young people
European criminal law : an integrative approach
Abstract (2 s.).
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Accident and crime victims in Finland 1997 : interim report of the 1997 national accident and crime victim survey
The Whites : a novel
The real Sherlock Holmes : the hidden story of Jerome Caminada
Doing the business. entrepreneurship, the working class, and detectives in the East End of London
Abstract.
Finland drug situation 2013 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2013 national report to the EMCDDA
Access to Finnish law
Young people, drugs and community safety
Maximizing the effectiveness of the technical assistance provided in the fields of crime prevention and criminal justice : proceedings of the workshop held by the Programme Network of Institutes during the 15th session of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice : Viena, Austria, April 24, 2006
European criminal law : an intergrative approach
Children and young people who sexually abuse others : current developments and practice responses
Law as last resort : prosecution decision-making in a regulatory agency
Understanding organizational wrongdoing
Another criminal is on the run and Sherlock Holmes has a lead! Of cource, héll have the culprit behind bars in no time. Unless you beat him at his own game! Holmes isńt the only capable mind in London and it́s about time someonenoticed! With the help of your associates, gather evidence, follow the clues, and use your power of deduction to solve the case before the great Sherlock Holmes! Whatever will remain, however improbable, must be the truth.
Finland drug situation 2009 : new developments, trends and in-depth information on selected issues : 2009 national report to the EMCDDA
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Exploring the domain of accident law : taking the facts seriously
Deterrence of computer network crime : the international coordinating level approach towards legislation
Protection of child soldiers in their recruitment into armed forces under international law and national law : Estonia's legal steps towards the ratification of the optional protocol to the convention on the rights of the child on the involvement of children in armed conflict
European cooperation against terrorism : conference proceedings
Back in the bad old days, when Billy Graves worked for an anti-crime unit in Harlem known as the Wild Geese, the NYPD branded him as a cowboy. Now forty, he has somehow survived and become a sergeant in Manhattan Night Watch. Mostly, his team of detectives conducts a series of holding actions - and after years in police purgatory, Billy is content simply to do his job. But soon after he gets a 3:00 a.m. call about the fatal knifing of a drunk in a Third Avenue pub, his investigation moves beyond the usual handoff to the day shift. And when he discovers that the victim was once a suspect in the unsolved murder of a 13-year-old girl, he finds himself drawn back to the late 1990s when the Wild Geese were at their most wayward. Before the case can be closed, it will severely test Billy's new sense of purpose and force him to accept that his troubled past isn't past at all
Going postal : rage, murder and rebellion in America
