http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1777 congregational histories
congregational histories
Luther's pastors : the reformation in the Ernestine countryside
Vale : the illuminati and its plans for world conquest
Protection, continuity and gender : craft trade culture in the Baltic Sea region (14th-16th centuries)
Ihmisten keskellä : Helsingin evankelisluterilaisten seurakuntien elämää = Mitt ibland människorna : det evangelisklutherska församlingslivet i Helsingfors = Among the people : on the life and work of the Helsinki Lutherab parishes = Mitten unter den Menschen : das Leben der evangelisch-lutherischen Gemeinden Helsinkis
The Sion revelation : the truth about the guardians of Christ's sacred bloodline
Associations, synagogues, and congregations : claiming a place in ancient Mediterranean society
The christianisation of Finland : a case of want of power in a peripheral area
Lechaim! : kuvia Suomen juutalaisten historiasta = Images from the history of Jews in Finland
Culture Shock! : Ecuador
Congregational studies in the UK : Christianity in a post-Christian context
The Pellervo story : a century of Finnish cooperation, 1899-1999
Communal Christianity : the life and loss of a peasant vision in early modern Germany
Parish boundaries : the Catholic encounter with race in the twentieth-century urban North
Jane Austen : illusion and reality
A directory of the parochial libraries of the Church of England and the Church in Wales
12 windows on orthodoxy in Finland
Mass and parish in late medieval England : the use of York
Culture shock! : Mexico
A history of the English parish : the culture of religion from Augustine to Victoria
Church and community conflicts : the relationships of the Thessalonian, Corinthian and Philippian churches with their wider civic communities
The Pauline churches : a socio-historical study of institutionalization in the Pauline and Deutero-Pauline writings
Pioneer pastors' wives chose the role of service : a noble but often difficult calling
English summary.
Summary: "The necessity for the Lending Library" : the introduction of the modern "desire to read" into Finland and the institutions of reading.
Sitka Lutheran Church celebrates its 150th years : the Finnish legacy in Russian Alaska
The realm of the extra-human : agents and audiences
The last generation of English Catholic clergy : parish priests in the diocese of Coventry and Lichfield in the early sixteenth century
St. John's Evangelical Lutheran Church : 50th anniversary
Science and societies in Frankfurt am Main
Culture Shock! : Chile
Parish and belonging : community, identity and welfare in England and Wales, 1700-1950
The Sion revelation : the truth about the guardians of Christs's sacred bloodline
The way it was : memories of the Suomi Synod
The rise of the public in Enlightenment Europe
Corinth, the first city of Greece : an urban history of late antique cult and religion
Friends and relatives : Finnish-Hungarian cultural relations
An ordinary marriage : the world of a gentry family in provincial Russia
Selling the church : the English parish in law, commerce, and religion, 1350-1550
A history of the first Christians
Notes for the Aurora Society
Parishes, tithes and society in earlier medieval Poland c. 1100-c. 1250
Christ's body in Corinth : the politics of a metaphor
The oldest church manual
Nordic lights : education for nation and civic society in the Nordic countries, 1850-2000
Capital : the eruption of Delhi
The Finnish church in Thunder Bay 1876-1916
Helsingin helmi : Helsingin tuomiokirkko 1852-2002 = Helsingfors pärla : Helsingfors domkyrka = The pearl of Helsinki : Helsinki Cathedral
The church and learning in later medieval society : essays in honour of R.B. Dobson : proceedings of the 1999 Harlaxton Symposium
Parish communities and religious conflict in the Vale of Gloucester, 1590-1690
What role did the parish play in people's lives in England and Wales between 1700 and the mid-twentieth century? By comparison with globalisation and its dislocating effects, the book stresses how important parochial belonging once was. Professor Snell discusses themes such as settlement law and practice, marriage patterns, cultures of local xenophobia, the continuance of out-door relief in people's own parishes under the new poor law, the many new parishes of the period and their effects upon people's local attachments. The book highlights the continuing vitality of the parish as a unit in people's lives, and the administration associated with it. It employs a variety of historical methods, and makes important contributions to the history of welfare, community identity and belonging. It is highly relevant to the modern themes of globalisation, de-localisation, and the decline of community, helping to set such changes and their consequences into local historical perspective.
After our likeness : the Church as image of the trinity
Steeples topped by crosses still dominate neighbourhood skylines in many American cities, silent markers of local worlds rarely examined by historians. In this study, John McGreevy chronicles the world of Catholic parishes - and connects their place in urban history to the course of American race relations in the 20th century. In portraits of parish life in Boston, Chicago, New York, Philadelphia and other cities, McGreevy examines the contacts and conflicts between Euro-American Catholics and their African-American neighbours. He demonstrates how the territorial nature of the parish - more bound by geography than Protestant or Jewish congregations - kept Catholics in their neighbourhoods, and how this commitment to place complicated efforts to integrate urban neighbourhoods. He also shows how the church responded to the growing number of African-American parishioners by condemning racism, and how this teaching was received in communities rocked by racial strife. Taking the story through the Second Vatican Council and the civil rights movement of the 1960s, McGreevy demonstrates how debates about community and racial justice reshaped the character of American Catholicism. Tracing the transformation of a church, its people, and the nation over the course of nearly a century, this work illuminates the impact of religious culture on the course of modern American history. -- Review: An account of how the Catholic Church in urban areas, with its largely ethnic parishes, responded to American racism and the ferment of the civil rights movement. Throughout most of this century, McGreevy (History/Harvard) asserts, Catholic parishes, with their distinctive emphasis on geographical boundaries, constituted a unique combination of educational, religious, and social communities, representing "a specifically Catholic style of merging neighborhood and region." Catholics arriving in America gravitated to areas in which there were Catholic churches, and the neighborhoods developed a clear, intense ethnic identity that did not easily admit outsiders. McGreevy concentrates on the period between WW I, when the Catholic system of parishes and schools aggressively expanded into every section of the cities, and the early 1970s, when the system began to show signs of strain. He is especially interested in exploring how Catholics and African-Americans interacted with one another. There was, early on, clear Vatican impatience with the existence of separate Catholic institutions for blacks. A number of individuals in the Church were uneasy with the unintended results of the parish system: Jesuit John LaFarge worked for greater integration, as did the Federation of Coloured Catholics. Public figures like Bishop Sheen and Cardinal Spellman presented a vision of Catholicism as transcending national and racial boundaries. Many Catholics endorsed integration in principle but fiercely opposed upsetting the ethnic homeostasis of their own parishes. In the 1960s Catholics' social consciousness was raised by the Second Vatican Council and the civil rights movement. But as the model of integration came to be questioned in the name of respect for diversity, liberal Catholics who had fought against the parish system were, paradoxically, faced with a crisis. For many, their religious affiliation seemed an obstacle that protected a discredited status quo. A thorough, sensitive, and balanced contribution. (Kirkus Reviews)
Wuoristo-St.Timothy's Lutheran Church, Copper Cliff : 100 years 1897-1997
The authority of women hosts of early Christian gatherings in the first and second centuries C.E
Summaries
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Abstract: The Ideal of volunteerism : an institutional approach to social welfare work in the parishes of the Diocese of Porvoo especially in the deaneries of Iitti and Tampere, Finland, in the years 1897-1923.
Holy blood, holy Grail
