http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17782 oral language skills
oral language skills
The SCOTS corpus and TEFL : discovering and using strategies of spoken English in Finnish upper secondary schools
Telefonengelska : Swedish-English telephone handbook
Get talking Italian in ten days : audio course
Anglais : English for French speakers : le programme complet. Partie 1A
Ideas & issues advanced
Colloquial Icelandic : the complete course for beginners
Italian : the complete course. 2A
Get talking German in ten days : audio course
English L2 learners' speech : and how the spoken language course affects its lexical richness
Complete Norwegian
Language learning and oral skills practice via social media : young beginner learners of English as competent social actors in the Life in Cyber City project and the Mystery Animal chat
Process drama as a way of teaching oral skills : a material package
Students' attitudes towards testing oral skills at upper secondary school
Complete Modern Hebrew
Cutting edge : using the media to enrich the teaching of oral skills
Italian : the complete course. 3A
Vague language use in casual lingua france English
A vocabulary study on adult learners' spoken discourse
Teaching speaking in EFL : opinions and experiences of Finnish upper secondary school students
Perfect Mandarin Chinese
Grappling with the Oral Skills: The learning processes of the low-educated adult second language and literacy learner
Complete Croatian
Practising, testing and assessing oral skills in Finnish upper secondary schools: teachers' opinions
Englisch : English for German speakers : der umfassende Kurs. Teil 1B
Perfecting your English pronunciation
Pronunciation of English : a course book
Get talking Portuguese in ten days : audio course
Differentation of the teaching of oral language skills in English
Finnish summary.
Validity of global self-ratings of ESL speaking proficiency based on an FSI/ILR-referenced scale
Considerations on reliability in English oral skills assessment
Towards internationalisation : English oral proficiency in BBA studies at North Karelia polytechnic
Modern hebrew : the complete course. 1, Beginners / part A.
French : the complete course. 2B
On site observation of KPG oral examiners : Implications for oral examiner training and evaluation
Anglais : English for French speakers : le programme complet. Partie 1B
Relating the Finnish school scale to the CEFR : [work-in-progress presentation]
Chinese cantonese : the complete course. 1B
Collins Webster's easy learning English conversation. Book 2
The teaching and assessment of oral English in the Finnish upper secondary schools
Oral proficiency and self-assessment : Finnish upper secondary school students' speaking skills
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
French : the complete course. 3B
Complete Swedish
Collins Webster's easy learning English conversation. Book 1
Complete Czech
Teaching and learning oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school : a study of students' and teachers' views on oral skills education
Speak French with Michel Thomas
Catching up : English for conversation classes
Pragmatic competence in the English of Finnish upper secondary school students
Teaching talk : strategies for production and assessment
The oral method of teaching languages : a monograph on conversational methods with a full description and abundant examples of fifty approriate forms of work
French : the complete course. 2A
A study on the promotion of adults' oral English communication and teacher development in liberal and tertiary education
Start talking! : a communicative material package for the upper secondary school oral English course
New Headway pronunciation course. Pre-intermediate
Learning and teaching English speaking skills at upper secondary school : the students' and the teachers' views
Learning and teaching oral communication in English in vocational school : learners' and teachers' views
IB upper secondary school and national upper secondary school students' attitudes towards English oral skills : a comparative study
Get talking Japanese  in ten days : audio course
Open road. Course 8
Pat and Polly : passport to Finland
A cookbook for hungry teachers : suggestopedy and cooperative learning in practising oral skills : a material package
Complete Hindi
Practicing oral skills in Finnish upper secondary school EFL textbooks
French : the complete course. 3A
Englisch : English for German speakers : der umfassende Kurs. Teil 1A
Complete Finnish
Development of Syntactic Complexity : a Cross-sectional Study of Spoken L2 English
Finnish EFL students' use of communication strategies in the final exam of the upper secondary school oral course
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Chinese cantonese : the complete course. 1A
ILR handbook on oral interview testing : field test version
Oral English in EFL Teachers' Curricular Document for the Final Year of Basic Education in Finland and in Denmark
Teaching spoken English in Finnish upper secondary school : a new course in oral skills
New Headway pronunciation course. Intermediate
Speak German with Michel Thomas
Communication in today's language classroom : exercises in English textbooks supporting oral language use in Finnish upper secondary schools
Italian : the complete course. 1A
Italian : the complete course. 1B
Get talking French in ten days : audio course
Complete Irish
Student errors and ELF features in Finnish high school students' oral exams
Spoken language proficiency assessment : assessin speaking or evaluating acting?
Italian : the complete course. 3B
Italian : the complete course. 2B
"I have a dream" : a material package on African American history and culture with a focus on communicative competence
Complete Japanese
Practising and testing oral language skills at school : teachers' views
"Join millions of people who have dramatically improved their language skills thanks to the unique Michel Thomas Method, perfected over fifty years by celebrated linguist Michel Thomas. Experience significant results in a remarkably short period of time - without books, drills, memorizing, or homework" / WorldCat.
The development of spoken fluency : a cross-sectional study of Finnish learners of English
Get started in Japanese
Get talking Spanish in ten days : audio course
"We live in in a house of blo- in a block of flats." : Self-repair in EFL spoken language
Oral competence in upper secondary school teaching : teachers and students' views
Taking learners to task : Finnish students' opinions of learning communicative English through an experimental task design
Classroom context's influence on students' willingness to communicate : a study of upper secondary school students' views
Is my B1 your B1? : A set of observation lists as tools for relating oral proficiency assessment to the CEF standards
The early bird catches the worm : the impact of English playschool on English acquisition at elementary school in Enkki-class
