http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17781 temporary dismissal
temporary dismissal lay-off
Gray mountain
Working time and employment
Plant closings : international context and social costs
Downsizing : personnel reductions at the Swedish Tobacco Monopoly, 1915-1939
An empirical investigation of a dynamic model of labor turnover in U.S. manufacturing industries
Gray mountain : a novel
Layoff announcements and stock returns : empirical evidence with finnish data from 2003 to 2006
Työsuhteen malliasiakirjat = Modeller för anställningsdokument = Model contracts of employment relationship
"A suspenseful new novel from beloved and internationally bestselling author Kate Morton, author of The Secret Keeper, The Distant Hours, The Forgotten Garden and The House at Riverton"--
Losing her job at New York City's largest law firm in the weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, Samantha becomes an unpaid intern in a small Appalachian community, where she stumbles upon dangerous secrets
Redundancy, layoffs and plant closures : their character, causes and consequences
The lake house
Short time working arrangements as response to cyclical fluctuations
Stock market reactions to layoff announcements : ownership structure
Laying off employees : expert solutions to everyday challenges
The disposable American : layoffs and their consequences
Termination of employment relationships : legal situation in the member states of the European Union
"From the New York Times and internationally bestselling author of The Secret Keeper and The Distant Hours, an intricately plotted, spellbinding new novel of heartstopping suspense and uncovered secrets.  Living on her family's idyllic lakeside estate in Cornwall, England, Alice Edevane is a bright, inquisitive, innocent, and precociously talented sixteen-year-old who loves to write stories. But the mysteries she pens are no match for the one her family is about to endure.  One midsummer's eve, after a beautiful party drawing hundreds of guests to the estate has ended, the Edevanes discover that their youngest child, eleven-month-old Theo, has vanished without a trace. What follows is a tragedy that tears the family apart in ways they never imagined.  Decades later, Alice is living in London, having enjoyed a long successful career as an author. Theo's case has never been solved, though Alice still harbors a suspicion as to the culprit. Miles away, Sadie Sparrow, a young detective in the London police force, is staying at her grandfather's house in Cornwall. While out walking one day, she stumbles upon the old estate now crumbling and covered with vines, clearly abandoned long ago. Her curiosity is sparked, setting off a series of events that will bring her and Alice together and reveal shocking truths about a past long gone yet more present than ever.  A lush, atmospheric tale of intertwined destinies, this latest novel from a masterful storyteller is an enthralling, thoroughly satisfying read"--
Finnish labour law in 60 minutes
The lake house : a novel
The Lake House
