http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17725 J2ME
J2ME
Study of applicetion compatibility on smartphones and PDAs
Mobile content ordering and delivery via J2ME shopping client and delivery platform
Abstract: Connecting PDA to embedded systems.
Java 2 micro edition : professional developer's guide
Programming wireless devices with the Java 2 platform, micro edition : J2ME Connected Limited Device Configuration (CLDC), Mobile Information Device Profile (MIDP)
Learning Wireless Java
Embedded Java security : security for mobile devices
J2ME mobile game development framework
Designing shift calendar for mobile phone
Designing a connection-independent J2ME application
Implementing a bluetooth remote control by using symbian and java : Jaakko Rasmus
Evaluation of J2ME-related technologies from contract developer's perspective
Developing a mobile phone game using Java2 micro edition
J2ME : game programming
Advanced Java 2 platform : how to program
Interworking of mobile Java clients and .NET Web Services
Developing a mobile phone game using Java2 micro edition and bluetooth technology
Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games
Abstract: Mobile content ordering and delivery via J2ME shopping client and delivery platform.
Next generation wireless applications
Mobile Java with J2ME
The development and advancement of mobile RFID-device testing
Initializing video metadata in pre-production with a mobile application
Near-field communication technology and an application on the mobile phone
Enabling wide handset support for Java mobile applications
Developing a 3-dimension mobile billiard game
J2ME : the complete reference
J2ME in a nutshell : a desktop quick reference
Programming wireless devices with the Java 2 Platform, micro edition
Developing a mobile train ticket reservation application
Feasilility study of the mobile application cards
Abstract: Compatibility Heuristics for Modern Mobile Games : Mobile games, Game testing. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate ways to perform a compatibility test for a modern mobile game. These tests were performed by running a tastephone midlet to the mobile handset to determine its characteristics and the equivalent implementation. Compatibility check test was also aimed to help a specified mobile game application to run successfully into a mobile phone. Compatibility heuristics for modern mobile games was also designed to study the factors that should be considered before integrating mobile games to mobile handsets. These applications are identified to determine optimal reliability and to utilize defect counts to the respective devices. This document also discusses on identifying the criteria for determining compliance of a mobile phone with the specification of the game application. The test case for this document outlines practices for testing a managed game application or component for compatibility with newer and older mobile handset versions. It covers different configurations you should test to ensure that the application continues to run properly and successfully. It also discusses features of a good mobile game. The result of the test case was to determine whether a game fully runs as proclaimed to function with a particular mobile component. The results also indicate the game compliance to a mobile phone to uncover flawed hardware and application programming interfaces combinations that decrease the game's ability to function properly.
Developing scalable series 40 applications : a guide for Java developers
J2ME games with MIDP 2
Core J2ME technology & MIDP
Mobile integration into business
Developing a Bluetooth Ordering Application : Pizza Restaurant Application
Sun Java wireless toolkit : sun microsystems , CLDC, MIDP, connected device configuration
Developing Jini applications using J2ME technology
Pro J2ME Polish : open source wireless Java tools suite
Implementing data storage in J2ME (MIPD devices)
Wireless J2ME platform programming
Beginning J2ME : from novice to professional
MITA : Mobile Internet Technical Architecture. 1, Technologies and standardization
MIDP style guide for the Java 2 platform, micro edition
Abstract: Implementing data storage in J2ME (MIPD devices).
Wireless programming with J2ME : cracking the code
Programming Java 2 micro edition on Symbian OS : a developer's guide to MIDP 2.0
Connecting PDA to embedded systems
Active library explorer in mobile environment
The Wireless Application and Development Built on Java 2 Platform, Micro Edition
Mobile marketing : achieving competitive advantage through wireless technology
