http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17737 spring grain
spring grain spring cereals
Effect of the placement of fertilizer on the development of spring wheat
Nitrogen dynamics and nitrogen use efficiency of spring cereals under Finnish growing conditions
Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials in 2006-2013.
Effect of seed dressing treatment of Streptomyces griseoviridis on barley and spring wheat in field experiments
In the short growing season of the northernmost European growing conditions, farmers are increasingly interested in expanding cultivation of later maturing crops at the expense of early maturing ones with lower yields. In this study we aimed to assess how the switching between spring cereals that differ in earliness was associated with different external factors. This was tested using unique datasets for regional cropping areas and cultivar use for the last 15 years. Early maturing barley was favored at the expense of later maturing wheat when a high number of days to crop maturity was required in the preceding year. In contrast, farmers reduced the barley area when a high number of cumulated degree days was required for a crop to mature in the previous year. A shift was recorded from early to late maturing cultivars. This study indicated that despite limited opportunities for farmers to alter land use, they readily responded to past conditions and used the knowledge gained for decision-making to reduce risk. This is a valuable operative model for studying adaptation to opportunities and constraints induced by climate change.
Root growth dynamics and biomass input by Nordic annual field crops
Grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals as affected by nitrogen fertilization in northern conditions : a meta-analysis
Effect of climate change in the North on growth, yield formation and photosynthesis of spring wheat and meadow fescue
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1997-2004.
Performance of reduced herbicide doses in spring cereals
Forward hedging under price and production risk of wheat
Weed infestation and factors affecting weed incidence in spring cereals in Finland - a multivariate approach
Do farmers rapidly adapt to past growing conditions by sowing different proportions of early and late maturing cereals and cultivars?
Composition of weed flora in spring cereals in Finland : a fourth survey
The effect of stubble height of spring cereals on certain pests
Temporal and spatial variation in weed community composition of spring cereal fields
Organic plant breeding and propagation: concepts and strategies
Weed flora in organically grown spring cereals in Finland
Low grain protein often restricts the use of grain lots for milling in Finland. Nitrogen availability during grain-filling may restrict grain protein accumulation, particularly in high yielding environments. Slow-release fertilizers could potentially sustain nitrogen availability during the grain-filling period. The aim of this study was to increase plant nitrogen uptake, grain yield and grain protein response of spring wheat cultivar "Amaretto", using combinations of a regular and slow-release compound NPK fertilizer. Fertilizer treatment effects on grain yield was modest, however, slow-release fertilizer treatments lowered grain protein content as well as grain, straw and total plant N compared with control treatment. The total plant N was 10 to 27 kg ha-1 lower following application of slow-release fertilizer. The results clearly indicate that the release of N by the slow-release fertilizer tested in this trial was too slow for cool Finnish growing conditions.
Host-pathogen interaction between spring wheat and Septoria nodorum with reference to resistance breeding
Profitability of chemical weed control in spring cereals
Spring wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) ideotype responses to elevated CO2 and temperature levels : a cereal yield modeling study using satellite information
Spring cereals : from dynamic ideotypes to cultivars in northern latitudes
Undersowing in a northern climate : effects on spring cereal yield and risk of nitrate leaching
Effect of conservation tillage and peat application on weed infestation on a clay soil
Weed occurrence in Finnish coastal regions : a survey of organically cropped spring cereals
Hymenoptera species occurring in stems of spring wheat and the damage caused by them to wheat crops in Finland
Impact of spring warming on sowing times of cereal, potato and sugar beet in Finland
Soil properties affecting weed distribution in spring cereal and vegetable fields
Virallisten lajikekokeiden tulokset 2001-2008 = Results of official variety trials 2001-2008
Timing applications of growth regulators to alter spring cereal development at high latitudes
Rate and local scale spatial pattern of adult emergence of the generalist predator Bembidion guttula in an agricultural field
Simulation of spring wheat responses to elevated CO2 and temperature by using CERES-wheat crop model
Reducing herbicide use in spring cereal production
Weeds in spring cereal fields in Finland - a third survey
Abstract: Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1998-2005.
The effect of incorporation time of different crops on the residual effect on spring cereals
Developmental stages of the apex used as a basis for supplemental nitrogen application in spring wheat production
Climate change and crop potential in Finland : regional assessment of spring wheat
We reviewed quantitatively 40 Finnish field experiments related to the effect of nitrogen (N) fertilizer on the main parameters of grain quality and N uptake of spring cereals. The experiments were conducted on a wide range of mineral soils under varying growth conditions from the 1950s to the 1990s. Overall there was no statistically significant effect on 1000 grain weight and a slightly negative effect on grain test weight. Nitrogen fertilizer increased N uptake much more steeply in slightly acidic soils (SA, pH 5.8-6.9), located mostly in South Finland, than in moderately acidic soils (MA, pH 5.0-5.7), located in Central Finland. With increasing N rates, protein content increased to a larger extent in spring barley and oats than in spring wheat. In the light of the current trend to reduce N fertilizerapplication, the obtained regressions between N rates and the parameters of grain quality may be used to maintain yield quality at a desirable level, while optimizing N management.
Viljalajikkeiden taudinalttius virallisissa lajikekokeissa 1996-2003 = Disease susceptibility of cereal varieties in Finnish official variety trials 1996-2003
Impact of ozone on field grown spring wheat, Triticum aestivum L.
Root growth dynamics of spring cereals with discontiuation of mouldboard ploughing
The weed flora in conventionally and organically grown spring cereals was investigated in southern and central Finland during 2007-2009. The survey was conducted in 16 regions, 283 farms and 595 fields (72 organically cropped and 523 conventionally cropped fields, of which 503 were treated with herbicides). The occurrence of weeds was assessed in late July-early August. Altogether 148 weed species were identified, of which 128 were broad-leaved and 20 grass species. In organically cropped fields, the average species number per field was 21 and the most frequent species were Chenopodium album 96%, Stellaria media 94%, Viola arvensis 94% and Elymus repens 89%. In conventionally cropped fields, the average species number was 12 and the most frequent weed species were Viola arvensis 83%, Stellaria media 65%, Galeopsis spp. 59% and Galium spurium 59%. The average density of weeds was 160 m-2 (median = 112) in sprayed conventional fields and 519 m-2 (468) in organic fields. The average air-dry biomass of weeds was 167 kg ha-1 (median = 82) and 775 kg ha-1 (563), respectively. Elymus repens, the most frequent and abundant grass species, produced the highest proportion (about 30%) of the total weed biomass in both cropping systems. The frequency of Galium spurium in conventional cropping and Fumaria officinalis in organic cropping had increased substantially since the previous survey in 1997-1999. The average size of the weed seedbank in the 5 cm surface layer was about 1 700 seeds m-2, the most predominant seeds being of C. album. Although the weed flora in Finnish spring cereal fields consists of numerous species, only a fraction of them severely threaten crop production in terms of their frequency and abundance. Weeds in conventional cropping were effectively controlled with available herbicides whereas weed management in organic cropping calls for urgent measures such as direct mechanical weed control in crop stands, which was not practised at all in survey fields.
Slow-release fertilizer to increase grain N content in spring wheat
Plant growth regulators to manipulate cereal growth in northern growing conditions
Agronomic challenges for organic crop husbandry
