http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17767 vehicle insurance
vehicle insurance
Reeds marine insurance
Finnish financial markets 2002
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 11, Chapter 14, Torts : Traffic accident compensation: law and proposals
Suomalainen yritys yhdentyvässä Euroopassa = Finnish companies and European integration = Finnische Unternehmen und die europäische Integration
Running costs
Older drivers in Finland : traffic safety and behavior
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 1998 : 93. vuosikerta = årgång 93 = volume 93
The airline insurance industry : a future study
Ships that go bump in the night
Reeds Marine Insurance is aimed at all those who have little or no experience of marine or any other form of insurance working within the maritime transport field. Ideal for cargo operators, port managers, ship brokers, and shipping transport managers, it will also be invaluable for students on maritime law, sea transport and shipping courses and for those studying marine insurance as part of a maritime management course. It is designed to take the reader from the basics through to a competent level of understanding on the subject . It includes the main principles underlying marine insurance.
Inside the communication revolution : evolving patterns of social and technical interaction
The Northern Sea route : a traffic potential study
Aviation insurance : the law and practice of aviation insurance, including hovercraft and spacecraft insurance
Compensation for personal injury in Sweden and other countries
Renewal process and future EU changes in Finnish motor liability law, system and practice
Conflict spirals over the Athens protocol
Information networks in insurance industry
Internal market : current status 1 July 1994. Vol. 1, A common market for services
Road safety and insurance in Sweden
Suomen taloushistoria = The economic history of Finland. 3, Historiallinen tilasto
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2009
Statutory pensions in Finland : long-term projections 2007
New carriage of goods by sea : the Nordic approach including comparisons with some other jurisdictions
A to Z of international trade
Manual of travel agency practice
Services profiles ..
Brazil : strengthening governance for growth
Report concerning the business of automobile insurance in Canada
General average : law and practice
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statisical yearbook of Finland. 1991.
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
Britain, Germany and 1992 : the limits of deregulation
Europa-Glossar der Rechts- und Verwaltungssprache = European glossary of legal and administrative terminology. 27, Kraftfahrtversicherung : Deutsch und English = Motor insurance : German and English
Summary (s. 11-15).
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja = Statistisk årsbok för Finland = Statistical yearbook of Finland. 2000.
Developing service quality and efficiency : case: Tapiola's international motor vehicle claims unit
European motor insurance and victim protection : the impact of new European Community legislation on motor liability insurance
