http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17789 economic history
economic history
An economic history of Australia
God and gold : Britain, America, and the making of the modern world
English overseas trade statistics 1697-1808
"Over three decades after the Iranian Revolution reconfigured the strategic landscape in the Middle East, scholars are still trying to decipher its aftereffects. Suzanne Maloney provides the first comprehensive overview of Iran's political economy since the 1979 revolution and offers detailed examinations of two aspects of the Iranian economy of direct interest to scholars and non-specialist readers of Iran: the energy sector and the role of sanctions. Based on the author's research as both a scholar and government advisor, the book also features interviews with American and Iranian government officials. Moving chronologically from the early years under Khomeini, through the economic deprivations of the 1980s during the Iran-Iraq war, through liberalization under Khatami to the present, Maloney offers fascinating insights into Iran's domestic politics and how economic policies have affected ideology, leadership priorities, and foreign relations"--
Economic prehistory : papers on archaeology
The new economic history : recent paper on methodology
Essays in economic history. 2
The rise of the global company : multinationals and the making of the modern world
1493 : uncovering the new world Columbus created
Using proximal soil sensors and fuzzy classification for mapping Amazonian Dark Earths
Central government silver treasury : revenue, expenditure and inventory statistics, ca. 1667-1899
The political economy of the Japanese financial big bang : institutional change in finance and public policymaking
An economic history of nineteenth-century Europe : diversity and industrialization
The great divergence : China, Europe and the making of the modern world economy
American economic history : Donald L. Kemmerer and C. Clyde Jones
The economic history of Britain since 1700.. 1860 to the 1970s
Monopoly trade and economic stagnation : studies in the foreign trade of Iceland 1602-1787
The yo-yo yen : and the future of the Japanese economy
"Merchant networks generated trade and the exchange of goods between the cities of early modern Europe. Such networks were fundamental in the spread of cultural artefacts and practice, as well as leading to migration between the cities. This collection of essays applies network analysis to commercial networks, focusing on the roles of kinship, origin, religion and business in creating and maintaining urban economies"--Provided by publisher.
Issues in American economic history : selected readings
Purdue Faculty papers in economic history 1956-1966
Market economy in Poland : a history
Economic theory in transition : economic policy confusion in the United States during stagfaltion and its implications to Keynesian economics
Empire at the periphery : British colonists, Anglo-Dutch trade, and the development of the British Atlantic, 1621-1713
The growth of industrial economies
Economic backwardness in historical perspective
In the past, government and business were as much partners as rivals, resulting in broad-based growth and healthy social development. But advocates of anti-government market fundamentalism are intent on scrapping the instrument of nearly a century of unprecedented economic and social progress. Hacker and Pierson examine why what's good for American business elites and what's good for Americans have become misaligned.
Emergency of the modern political economy
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
A call to arms : mobilizing America for World War II
Management education in a historical perspective : the business school question and its solution in Finland
Rozkulačeno! : půlstoletí perzekuce selského stavu = Half a century of persecution of the peasant estate
A relation between historical forest use and current dead woody material in a boreal protected old-growth forest in Finland
Ideas and illustrations in economic history
The growth of English society : a short economic history
Between two cultures : an introduction to economic history
History of British economic thought. First series, Nineteenth-century works. [5], An essay on money and paper currency
Journal of economic history
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
Rethinking the nineteenth century : contradictions and movements
The upstarts : how Uber, Airbnb, and the killer companies of the new Silicon Valley are changing the world
In this handbook, Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber bring together methodological, theoretical, and empirical studies in the economics of language in a single framework of linguistic diversity that reflects the history and contemporary study of the topic. The impact of linguistic diversity on economic outcomes and public policies has been studied not only by economists and other social scientists in the contemporary era, but all the way back to the 19th century by geographer and naturalist, Alexander von Humboldt, who emphasized the importance of language in the framework of cultural experience. This interdependence of language and culture is reflected in the chapters in this handbook, which have been written by leading economists, linguists, and political scientists from universities in the United States, Australia, Russia, Israel, the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Finland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. The contributions are divided into four parts. Part I examines linguistic concepts that forge common ground between economists, political scientists, sociologists, and linguists, and introduces the notion of linguistic proximity extensively utilized in various chapters of the volume. Part II assesses the impact of languages on market interactions, including international trade, patent protection, migration, and use of languages in ancient and modern business environments. Part III focuses on the link between linguistic policies and economic development, including the analysis of regional development in Asia, Africa, Europe and Russia. Part IV addresses issues of globalization, minority languages, and the protection of linguistic rights in multilingual societies.
End this depression now!
European economic prehistory : a new approach
The industrial revolution in France : 1815-1848
Why are some parts of the world so rich and others so poor? Why did the Industrial Revolution - and the unprecedented economic growth that came with it - occur in eighteenth-century England, and not at some other time, or in some other place? Why didn't industrialization make the whole world rich - and why did it make large parts of the world even poorer? In "A Farewell to Alms", Gregory Clark tackles these profound questions and suggests a new and provocative way in which culture - not exploitation, geography, or resources - explains the wealth, and the poverty, of nations. Countering the prevailing theory that the Industrial Revolution was sparked by the sudden development of stable political, legal, and economic institutions in seventeenth-century Europe, Clark shows that such institutions existed long before industrialization. He argues instead that these institutions gradually led to deep cultural changes by encouraging people to abandon hunter-gatherer instincts-violence, impatience, and economy of effort-and adopt economic habits-hard work, rationality, and education. The problem, Clark says, is that only societies that have long histories of settlement and security seem to develop the cultural characteristics and effective workforces that enable economic growth. For the many societies that have not enjoyed long periods of stability, industrialization has not been a blessing. Clark also dissects the notion, championed by Jared Diamond in "Guns, Germs, and Steel", that natural endowments such as geography account for differences in the wealth of nations. A brilliant and sobering challenge to the idea that poor societies can be economically developed through outside intervention, "A Farewell to Alms" may change the way global economic history is understood.
Aspects of British economy history 1918-1925
Government Policy and the Demands for Economic Innovations: A Historical Example of a European Periphery
Crises in the world-system
The roots of the modern American empire : a study of the growth and shaping of social consciousness in a marketplace society
Commercial relations between Russia and Europe, 1400 to 1800 : collected essays
Facing diversity : the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland from 2004 to 2007
Essays in economic history. 1
A history of Finland
British economic and social history 1700-1975
The downfall of money : Germany's hyperinflation and the destruction of the middle class
The inseparable union of taxation and representation : a conceptual approach on the idea of representation during the controversies on the excise scheme and the Stamp Act, 1732-1734 and 1765-1766
Money : the unauthorised biography
Can learning from the past help to predict the future in the environmental impact assessment on reindeer husbandry?
Industrial collaboration in Nazi-occupied Europe : Norway in context
Why did some countries and regions of Europe reach high levels of economic advancement in the nineteenth century, while others were left behind? This new transnational survey of the continent's economic development highlights the role of regional differences in shaping each country's economic path and outcome. Presenting a clear and cogent explanation of the historical causes of advancement and backwardness, Ivan Berend integrates social, political, institutional and cultural factors as well as engaging in debates about the relative roles of knowledge, the state and institutions. Featuring boxed essays on key personalities including Adam Smith, Friedrich List, Gustave Eiffel and the Krupp family, as well as brief histories of innovations such as the steam engine, vaccinations and the co-operative system, the book helps to explain the theories and macro-economic trends that dominated the century and their impact on the subsequent development of the European economy right up to the present day.
An economic history of England : the 18th century
The invention of enterprise : entrepreneurship from ancient Mesopotamia to modern times
Europe's Northern frontier : perspectives on Finland's Western identity
The making of economic society
An economic history of the USSR
The progress of capitalism in England
The Cambridge economic history of modern Europe. Vol. 1, 1700-1870
How China became capitalist
An introduction to economic history
Development of economic analysis
Les Arméniens dans le commerce asiatique au début de l'ère moderne = Armenians in Asian trade in the early modern era
From sugar triangle to cotton triangle : trade and shipping between America and Baltic Russia, 1783-1860
An economic history of the United States
Land, power and technology : essays on political economy and historical development
European economic history : the economic development of Western civilization
Discusses the radical companies of the new Silicon Valley that are rewriting the rules of business and sidestepping ethical and legal obstacles in the process.
Teach yourself economic & social history
The lever of riches : technological creativity and economic progress
A portrait of the life and career of investment guru Warren Buffett sheds new light on the man, as well as on the work, ideas, business principles, strategies, and no-nonsense insights that have guided his phenomenally successful business endeavors.
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Courtaulds : An economic and social history. 1, The nineteenth century : Silk and crape
Barriers to change? : understanding the institutional hurdles in the Russian forest sector
Red plenty
Essays in economic history. 3
Splendour, misery, and possibilities : an X-ray of socialist Yugoslavia
"The Great Divergence" brings new insight to one of the classic questions of history: why did sustained industrial growth begin in Northwest Europe, despite surprising similarities between advanced areas of Europe and East Asia? As Ken Pomeranz shows, as recently as 1750, parallels between these two parts of the world were very high in life expectancy, consumption, product and factor markets, and the strategies of households. Perhaps most surprisingly, Pomeranz demonstrates that the Chinese and Japanese cores were no worse off ecologically than Western Europe. Core areas throughout the eighteenth-century Old World faced comparable local shortages of land-intensive products, shortages that were only partly resolved by trade. Pomeranz argues that Europe's nineteenth-century divergence from the Old World owes much to the fortunate location of coal, which substituted for timber. This made Europe's failure to use its land intensively much less of a problem, while allowing growth in energy-intensive industries. Another crucial difference that he notes has to do with trade. Fortuitous global conjunctures made the Americas a greater source of needed primary products for Europe than any Asian periphery. This allowed Northwest Europe to grow dramatically in population, specialize further in manufactures, and remove labor from the land, using increased imports rather than maximizing yields. Together, coal and the New World allowed Europe to grow along resource-intensive, labor-saving paths. Meanwhile, Asia hit a cul-de-sac. Although the East Asian hinterlands boomed after 1750, both in population and in manufacturing, this growth prevented these peripheral regions from exporting vital resources to the cloth-producing Yangzi Delta. As a result, growth in the core of East Asia's economy essentially stopped, and what growth did exist was forced along labor-intensive, resource-saving paths - paths Europe could have been forced down, too, had it not been for favorable resource stocks from underground and overseas.
Money
The political economy of conflict in South Asia
European economic history : documents and readings : major developments from the end of the Middle Ages to the present
Statistics and the German state, 1900-1945 : the making of modern economic knowledge
A traveller's history of Portugal
An economic history of Sweden
Monetary history of Denmark : 1990-2005
The economic struggle for power in Tito's Yugoslavia : from World War II to non-alignment
Swedish forest policy since 1990 : reforms and consequences
History of British economic thought. First series, Nineteenth-century works. [1], Tracts on political economy
A farewell to alms : a brief economic history of the world
Economic forces in American history
The American economy : its origins, development, and transformation : an introduction to economics
Technological change : the United States and Britain in the nineteenth century
How it all began : origins of the modern economy
Russia's economic transitions : from late tsarism to the new millennium
The great surge : the ascent of the developing world
The rise of the Western world : a new economic history
Markets and democracy : exiting the tyranny of the majority
This book examines the contemporary nature of caste disparities in India from an economist's perspective. Questioning traditional wisdom on the degree of change in the caste system over the last two decades, it brings together evidence on different dimensions of caste disparities based on two large national-level data sets
The industrialisation of Russia and the Soviet Union
The enterprising Americans : a business history of the United States
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Ports, industries and economics in the urban history of Helsinki
The making of unitary Romanian national state : economic premises
Reindeer herding and modern forestry : the historical impacts on forests of two main land users in northern Sweden
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
Black market Britain, 1939-1955
Changing Russia? : history, culture and business
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
The rediscovered Benjamin Graham : selected writings of the Wall Street legend
The snowball : Warren Buffett and the business of life
The economic development of Denmark and Norway since 1870
Banking : an illustrated history
Framing the water and sanitation challenge : a history of urban water supply and sanitation in Ghana 1909-2005
Debates and controversies in economic history : A-sessions : proceedings
How the west came to rule : the geopolitical origins of capitalism
Economics : the user's guide : a Pelican introduction
Commercial networks and European cities, 1400-1800
The social & economic history of the Roman empire. Volume I
Iran's political economy since the revolution
Studies in the history of economic theory before 1870
Enterprise and exploitation in a Victorian colony : aspects of the economic and social history of colonial Natal
A traveller's history of Spain
Essays in economic history
An economic history of Ireland since 1660
Mobility in the Eastern Baltics (15th-17th centuries) = Mobilumas Rytu Baltijos regione (XV-XVII amziai)
American economic history
Currency wars : the making of the next global crisis
In agricultural history, specialisation is usually considered as progress, turning peasants into market-orientated farmers and allowing them to escape from self-sufficiency. Recent developments in the field of productivist agriculture and the recent rise of alternative agriculture cast doubt on this conventional concept of agricultural specialisation. Several questions arise: Did specialisation necessarily mean that farms concentrated on a single product? Was it always a great step forward? Did it occur in the same form in earlier centuries as in contemporary economies? The chapters of this book draw attention to several factors relevant to processes of specialisation, such as markets, transport, and the natural environment. The contributions deal with regions in 10 countries of Europe, from Sweden to Spain and from England to Bulgaria, and with periods between the seventeenth and the twentieth centuries. They suggest several conclusions. Specialisation can take place in various forms, ranging from focussing on a single major cash crop to giving preference to a combination of products. This is true both at the level of an individual farm as at a regional level. Specialisation did not always improve the farmers standard of living. And it was neither a linear nor an irreversible process. This can be observed in periods of war, but also in recent developments in post-communist countries.
Wealth in the Ottoman and post-Ottoman Balkans : a socio-economic history
The great crash : how the stock market crash of 1929 plunged the world into depression
Postscripts to economic history
Dutch forest products' trade in the Baltic from the Late Middle Ages to the Peace of Munster in 1648
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
In their time : a history of feminism in Western society
Agricultural specialisation and rural patterns of development
The afterlife of used things : recycling in the long eighteenth century
Freedom and organization 1814-1914
History of modern non-Marxian economics : from marginalist revolution through the Keynesian revolution to contemporary monetarist counter-revolution
History of British economic thought. First series, Nineteenth-century works. [2], Tracts. A collection of rare essays and pamphlets
Medieval Europe : a short history
The Palgrave handbook of economics and language / edited by Victor Ginsburgh and Shlomo Weber
General economic history
Wall Street and the Bolshevik Revolution
An economic history of Finland
The launching of the industrial workers of the world
The presence of the past in politics : "1956" after 1956 in Hungary
Quantitative economic history
Business history in Sweden = Näringslivshistoria i Sverige
Grand pursuit : the story of the people who made modern economics
The European Union : readings on the theory and practice of European integration
Trade and dependency : studies in the expansion of Europe
The Decentralisation of decision making
Enterprise and secular change : readings in economic history
"This is the first full account of how an influential form of commercial organization - the multinational enterprise - drove globalization and contributed to the making of the modern world. Robert Fitzgerald explores the major role of multinational enterprises in the events of world history, from the nineteenth century to the present, revealing how the growth of businesses that operated across borders contributed to an unprecedented worldwide transformation and deepening interdependence between countries. He demonstrates how international businesses shaped the economic development and competitiveness of nations, their politics and sovereignty, and the balance of power in international relations. The Rise of the Global Company uses the lessons of history to question prominent contemporary interpretations of multinationals and their consequences, and offers a truly wide-ranging survey of multinational enterprise, spanning two hundred years and five continents"--
Management education in a historical perspective:the business school question and its solution in Finland
Trade and war : the neutrality of commerce in the inter-state system
The spice route : a history
Economics for dummies
Management, education and competitiveness : Europe, Japan and the United States
The birth of western economy : economic aspects of the dark ages
Wall Street and FDR : the true story of how Franklin D. Roosevelt colluded with corporate America
When China rules the world : the rise of the Middle Kingdom and the end of the Western World
The wealth of humans : work and its absence in the twenty-first century
Memory lane
The economic growth of the United States 1790-1860
A traveller's history of Cyprus
Variations in business and economic history : essays in honor of Donald L. Kemmerer
The concept of sustainability in modern times
Ascent and decline in the world-system
History of British economic thought. First series, Nineteenth-century works. [4], An enquire into the extent and stability of national resources
American amnesia : how the war on government led us to forget what made America prosper
This book brings together leading experts to assess how and whether the Nazis were successful in fostering collaboration to secure the resources they required during World War II. These studies of the occupation regimes in Norway and Western Europe reveal that the Nazis developed highly sophisticated instruments of exploitation beyond oppression and looting. The authors highlight that in comparison to the heavy manufacturing industries of Western Europe, Norway could provide many raw materials that the German war machine desperately needed, such as aluminium, nickel, molybdenum and fish. These chapters demonstrate that the Nazis provided incentives to foster economic collaboration, hoping that these would make every mine, factory and smelter produce at its highest level of capacity. All readers will learn about the unique part of Norwegian economic collaboration during this period and discover the rich context of economic collaboration across Europe during World War II.
The Shock Doctrine : the Rise of Disaster Capitalism
A history of economic thought
History of British economic thought. First series, Nineteenth-century works. [6], Remarks on currency and commerce
Evolution of cameral accounting
This book brings together life stories from five generations of Balts, living through the diverse and recurring transformations of the twentieth century: occupations, war, independence, totalitarianism, and democratic rule and market economy. The twentieth century history of the Baltic countries has often been deeply tragic. Lying on the coastline of the Baltic Sea, these rather small but strategically well located territories have historically found themselves in the middle of many power struggles between larger states, empires and other power-holders: the Teutonic Knights, Swedish kings, Tsarist Russia, Nazi Germany, the Soviet Union. Today, they are once again forced to stand up to the Russian Federation. Biographical interviewing is a field focused on individuals, and on how those individuals choose to re-create and present their lived lives, make meaning of it through the narratives they tell. To interpret the biographical narrations of Lithuanians, Latvians and Estonians, shaped by complex and controversial historical background, the authors use Pierre Bourdieu's concept of social and cultural capitals, the principles of Erving Goffman's framing analysis and Alessandro Portelli's distinction of private and public spheres, Anton Steen's investigations of post-Socialist elites and Piotr Sztompka's theory of cultural trauma, etc. Given analyses of particular biographical narrations are supplemented by brief historical and sociological overviews, which allow the reader to better understand the contexts of lived lives, and the mental atmosphere in which the interviews were conducted.
Globalization and the colonial origins of the great divergence : intercontinental trade and living standards in the Dutch East India Company's commercial empire, c. 16oo-18oo
Technology and structural change : productivity in the Finnish manufacturing industries, 1925-2000
Umeå papers in economic history
"Recycling is not a concept that is usually applied to the eighteenth century. 'The environment' may not have existed as a notion then, yet practices of re-use and transformation obviously shaped the early-modern world. Still, this period of booming commerce and exchange was also marked by scarcity and want. This book reveals the fascinating variety and ingenuity of recycling processes that may be observed in the commerce, crafts, literature, and medicine of the eighteenth century. Recycling is used as a thought-provoking means to revisit subjects such as consumption, the new science, or novel writing, and cast them in a new light where the waste of some becomes the luxury of others, clothes worn to rags are turned into paper and into books, and scientific breakthroughs are carried out in old kitchen pans"--
Growth and welfare in the American past : a new economic history
The social & economic history of the Roman empire. Volume II
The new realities : in government and politics, in economics and business, in society and in world view
'Dangerous steps towards the destruction of the liberty of the people' : a conceptual approach on Robert Walpole's excise scheme, 1732-1733
Forestry in Namibia 1850-1990
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
We tested if hand-carried field proximal soil sensing (PSS) can be used to map the distribution of anthropogenic Amazonian Dark Earths (ADE). ADE soils are rich in archaeological artefacts, nutrients, organic matter and carbon in the very stable form of pyrogenic carbon, also referred to as black carbon or biochar. To test the capacity of PSS to detect signature ADE properties we measured electrical conductivity (ECa), magnetic susceptibility (MSa) and gamma ray data by transect sampling and compared these readings, using fuzzy classification, with datasets on chemical soil properties from a 28 ha large study area located on the Belterra Plateau of the Lower Amazon in northern Brazil. Results indicate that ECa and MSa measurements were good indicators of ADE signatures, but that the gamma radiation sensor was less useful in the deeply weathered soils. PSS and fuzzy classification can be used for rapid field mapping of ADE for both agricultural and archaeological purposes.
And the weak suffer what they must? : Europe, austerity and the threat to global stability
Medical tourism
"The colossal scale of World War II required a mobilization effort greater than anything attempted in all of the world's history. The United States had to fight a war across two oceans and three continents-and to do so it had to build and equip a military that was all but nonexistent before the war began. Never in the nation's history did it have to create, outfit, transport, and supply huge armies, navies, and air forces on so many distant and disparate fronts.The Axis powers might have fielded better trained soldiers, better weapons, better tanks and aircraft. But they could not match American productivity. America buried its enemies in aircraft, ships, tanks, and guns; in this sense, American industry, and American workers, won World War II. The scale of effort was titanic, and the result historic. Not only did it determine the outcome of the war, but it transformed the American economy and society. Maury Klein's A Call to Arms is the definitive narrative history of this epic struggle, told by one of America's greatest historians of business and economics, and renders the transformation of America with a depth and vividness never available before"--
Bourgeois dignity : why economics can't explain the modern world
Coal, commerce and communism : empirical studies on energy history in the Czech republic
Economic history of Great Britain
The grammar of caste : economic discrimination in contemporary india
The industrialization of Europe, 1780-1914
Science in History. Volume 2, The Scientific and Industrial Revolutions
Political Economy of Bronze- and Iron Age Societies in the Eastern Coast of the Bothnian Bay ca. 1500 BC-AD 1300
The silk roads : a new history of the world
Contemporary China
Economic history review : a journal of economic and social history / Second series
The fortunes of Africa : a 5,000 year history of wealth, greed and endeavour
An economic history of the U.S.S.R
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Reimagining business history
Marlene LeGates has written a thorough, lively and accessible overview of Western feminist movements from the Middle Ages through to the latter twentieth century. With each chapter containing a timeline and brief excerpts from primary source documents, the text serve as an ideal basis for a history of feminism or women's studies course, or as a supplementary text in a broader women's history or western civilization course. LeGates addresses such topics as sexual morality and the role of female visionaries in early Christian society, women's roles in utopian movements, revolutions in the early modern period, and suffrage and the second wave in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The geographical scope of the book is also unique; it includes material on feminism from continental Europe, Great Britain, the United States, Canada and Latin America.
Baltic biographies at historical crossroads
The industrial revolution in Scandinavia 1850-1914
Work has always been one of the defining characteristics of life. Yet today 47% of American employment is at risk of automation within the next two to three decades, while professional work in law, medicine and accounting is or soon will be at risk. Drawing on research from around the world from Volvo's operations in Sweden to a vast Foxconn production facility in Shenzhen, via Indian development economists and Silicon Valley venture capitalists Economist correspondent Ryan Avent investigates what this revolution in the world of work means not only for our economies but also our societies.
The Czechoslovak economy 1918-1980
Agrarian organization in the century of industrialization : Europe, Russia, and North America
The Cambridge Revolution : success or failure? : a critical analysis of Cambridge theories of value and distribution
A short history of international affairs 1920-1939
Laissez-faire and state intervention in nineteenth-century Britain
Den of thieves
War and gold : a five-hundred-year history of empires, adventures and debt
History of the national economy of Russia to the 1917 revolution
Masters of the universe : Hayek, Friedman, and the birth of neoliberal politics
