http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17721 cabotage
cabotage
Maritime transport in the Baltic Sea : Finnish perspective
Soome laht Muugast Kundani = Gulf of Finland : Muuga to Kunda
National maritime administration's efforts to improve the current situation
Is there a northern shipping dimension
Motorways of the Sea : E.U. short sea programme
Cabotage or sabotage?
The coastal route from Viborg to Stockholm in the mid-17th century : the journey of Governor Johan Rosenhane in 1652-1655 according to his journal
Hurtigruten 120 : the complete story
British tramps, coasters and colliers
Nautical tourism : concepts and issues
Suomen rannikon loistot 2007 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish list of lights
Suomen rannikon loistot = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster = Finnish List of Lights : 2005.
Positive growth for Baltic Shortsea Shipping
The text of the Periplous or 'circumnavigation' that survives under the name of Skylax of Karyanda is in fact by an unknown author of the 4th century BC. It describes the coasts of the Mediterranean and Black Sea, naming hundreds of towns with geographical features such as rivers, harbours and mountains. But, argues Graham Shipley, it is not the record of a voyage or a navigational handbook for sailors. It is, rather, the first work of Greek theoretical geography, written in Athens at a time of intellectual ferment and intense speculation about the nature and dimensions of the inhabited world. While other scientists were gathering data about natural science and political systems or making rapid advances in philosophy, rhetorical theory, and cosmology, the unknown author collected data about the structure of the lands bordering the seas known to the Greeks, and compiled sailing distances and times along well-frequented routes. His aim was probably nothing less ambitious than to demonstrate the size of the inhabited world of the Greeks.
Inshore craft : traditional working vessels of the British Isles
Short sea shipping : challenges for the future
Excursion ships and ferries
Unterelbe trades again
Design for bigger and faster ro-ros
Waste from ships
The Rescue
Finnish ports seen from Europe
The shortse market : brighter prospects or seasonal upturn?
The shortsea giants : The Netherlands
Coastal shipping and the European economy, 1750-1980
EU to shake up short-sea trades
The rescue
Running out of room
The possible developments of Baltic states short sea shipping in connection with expanding of European Union towards the east
Schooner sunset : the last British sailing coasters
Shortsea shipping : the seamless chain
Finnlines reaps benefit of Baltic transit trades
Suomen rannikon loistot 2010 = Fyrar vid Finlands kuster 2010 = Finnish list of lights 2010.
Island ferry traffic : forecast for 2010.
The maritime and riverine landscape of the west of Roman Britain : water transport on the Atlantic coasts and rivers of Britannia
Dual Use Coastal RO/RO Vessel
Foreign coastal and short sea freighters
Abc of coastal cargo ships
EC affirms commitment to European shortsea shipping
North European shipping : a diversified industry
Baltic short sea shipping : structure, tendencies and future challenges
Vancouver Central Waterfront : an urban planning case study
Finnlines introduces a new concept in ro-ro operations
Pilots and lighthouses - aids of navigation
"The dhow and the steamship symbolised the struggle for control of Zanzibar's economy. The dhows were the craft which carried the triangular trade on seasonal winds between Arabia, East Africa and India. The colonial government saw dhows as a threat to their wish to modernise Zanzibar's economy." "Erik Gilbert compares the resilience of the dhow economy, with its ingenious evasions of government control and taxation, to the informal or second economy of the post-colonial era."--BOOK JACKET.
Chances for operational combination of coastal and inland shipping in the Baltic area
Dhows & the colonial economy of Zanzibar : 1860-1970
Australian coastal shipping
Caribbean standards on Norway's Coastal Express service
Windjammers of the Pacific rim : (the coastal commercial sailing vessels of the yesteryears)
U.S. port state control : shipshape & inspection ready
Future short sea cargo ferry systems
New short sea shipping in Europe
Rescue at sea : an international history of lifesaving, coastal rescue craft and organisations
The role and tasks of Shortsea Promotion Centre Finland
Logistics development puts pressure on short-sea ro-ro
St. Petersburg state university of water communications
Early days on the Georgia tidewater : the story of McIntosh County & Sapelo : being a documented narrative account, with particular attention to the County's waterway and maritime heritage : plantation culture and uses of the land in the 19th century : and a detailed analysis of the history of Sapelo Island
Railway on the Gold Coast : a meeting of two cultures : a colonial history
The global origins and development of seafaring
Priority issues in the Mediterranean environment
English Channel
The vital spark : the British coastal trade 1700-1930
Short sea shipping, ports and the trans-European transport network : what is happening in the European Union
Waterborne transportation
Short sea shipping and the work of the co-ordination committees on Baltic ports and waterborne transport
Maritime motorway bringin Europe closer
Pseudo-Skylax's Periplous : the circumnavigation of the inhabited world
Global International Waters assessment. Regional assessment 4, Caribbean Islands : [Bahamas, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico]
Safeco : safety of shipping in coastal waters
Topical EU maritime policy issues
Users view : ports in short sea shipping
The Åland solution : a register tailor-made for ferries
Finnish traffic at the Mediterranean Sea
Pace quickens in the German Baltic
