http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17783 hay (green fodder}
hay (green fodder}
Field guide to the grasses of Singapore (Excluding the bamboos)
Genera of New World Eragrostideae (Poaceae: Chloridoideae)
Critical factors in cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L.) panicle production in Finland and the implications for seed production
Crop protection handbook - Grass and clover swards
DiARTgnosis : study of European religious painting : the Valamo Art Conservation Institute
Energy and protein sufficiency in finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
Flora of New Zealand. Vol. 5, Graminae
Ground cover : a thousand beautiful plants for difficult places
Spatial mosaics and vegetation diversity in grassland ecosystems : interacting effects of ants, nematodes and above-ground herbivores
Bamboos : a gardener's guide to their cultivation in temperate climates
Chinese kites : how to make and fly them
Abstract.
Place and memory in the Singing Crane Garden
Effect of annually repeated undersowing on cereal grain yields
New Valamo : a living monastic tradition in Finland
Rearing crickets in the classroom
C[sub 4] grasses and cereals : growth, development, and stress response
Beef production from silage and other conserved forages
The rust fungi of cereals, grasses and bamboos
Energy and protein sufficiency in Finnish landrace ewes fed grass silage and hay at different phases of production
Soluble carbohydrates in the utilization of forages by cattle
Flora of the U.S.S.R. = (Flora SSSR). Vol. 2
Manipulation of milk composition with forage-based diets
Grasshoppers
An introduction to the grasses : (including bamboos and cereals)
"Ornamental grasses have been used in gardens for hundreds of years yet still they have not fulfilled their potential. Many gardeners know little about their care, use, and attractions. This lavish book contains the essential information needed to grow grasses successfully. It offers detailed information on the family of plants that make up ornamental grasses and advice on their growth habits, answering such questions as Do they form clumps or run? Can they self-seed? It also is rich in ideas for using grasses to best effect: borders, containers, naturalistic planting, and one-species block planting. A selection of the best grasses available is detailed, including their heights, spread, and hardiness; a description of their foliage and features; essential information on their care and maintenance; and advice on tackling the few pest and disease problems they have."--Publisher's description.
Key to the native perennial grasses : Midwest region east of Great Plains
Grasses : a guide to their structure, identification, users, and distribution in the British Isles
In a Green Biorefinery processing green biomass one possible application for the press-cake fraction is as a feedstuff for ruminants. This study investigates the effects of ensiling and fractionation on the estimated nutritive value of three grassland species harvested at different stages of maturity. Perennial ryegrass (Lolium perenne L., var. Gandalf), cocksfoot (Dactylis glomerata L., var. Pizza) and red clover (Trifolium pratense L., var. Merviot) were grown in field plots and harvested and ensiled in laboratory silos. These silages were subsequently fractionated into press-cake and press-juice fractions. Loss of soluble, fermentable organic matter during ensiling increased the relative proportions of fibre and crude protein. Fractionation resulted in the substantial reduction of herbage soluble nutrient and mineral content, increasing the fibre content and reducing digestibility and crude protein. The low energy and protein content of the press-cake fraction, especially at later harvest dates, will limit its use in ruminant diets.
Grasses : a guide to their structure, identification, uses and distribution in th British Isles
Straw, hay & rushes in Irish folk tradition
Descriptors for pearl millet : Descripteurs du mil penicillaire
Prediction of silage composition and organic matter digestibility from herbage composition and pepsin-cellulase solubility
The Orthodox Church and monasticism
Fodder crops and amenity grasses
The color encyclopedia of ornamental grasses : sedges, rushes, restios, cat-tails, and selected bamboos
Schoenus ferrugineus L. is one of the diagnostic species of calcareous fens, which are floristically rich and scattered locally in Europe. 25 new occurrences, most of them recent ones, have been found in Russia, mostly from the eastern border areas of the species. The new locality in Murmansk Region, reported here, corresponds to the northern limit of this species in Europe, and is situated about 60 km north of the Arctic Circle. The new site is described and the distribution and ecology of the species in Murmansk Region are discussed. It is proposed to change the status of this species in the Regional Red Data Book to 'Critically Endangered'..
The objective of the study was to find DNA markers associated with resistance to Typhula ishikariensis in timothy (Phleum pratense L.) using bulked-segregant analysis. A progeny of 161 F1 individuals was created by crossing the Finnish resistant cultivar Tammisto II with the Japanese susceptible cultivar Nosappu. Six to ten clones of each F1 individual were tested for resistance in the greenhouse, and a survival index, which was based both on survival and the ability of plants to recover, was calculated for each F1 to describe resistance. Resistant and susceptible bulks of eight individuals in each were screened with a total of 292 primer combinations. Six DNA markers were found to be associated with resistance, together explaining 15% of phenotypic variation in Typhula resistance. Four of the markers formed one linkage group, which contained a QTL explaining 7% of the variation in Typhula resistance.
Environment and genetic background affecting endophyte-grass symbiosis
Soil nitrate N as influenced by annually undersown cover crops in spring cereals
Reproductive versatility in the grasses
Effects of grass-red clover silage digestibility and concentrate protein concentration on performance, carcass value, eating quality and economy of finishing Hereford bulls reared in cold conditions
Improved grassland management
The estimated nutritive value of three common grassland species at three primary growth harvest dates following ensiling and fractionation of press-cake
Grassland ecology
The encyclopedia of grasses for livable landscapes
KRISTUKSEN KIRKASTUMISEN LUOSTARI UUSI VALAMO = The Monastery of the Transfiguration of Christ at New Valamo : 1940 - 1990 / [editor: Archimandrite Panteleimon] ; [photographs: Vianor Braithwaite ... et al.] ; [English translations: Malcolm Hicks]
Grasses, ferns, mosses & lichens of Great Britain and Ireland
DNA markers for Typhula resistance in timothy (Phleum pratense L.)
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 4, Subfamilies Pooideae
Nutrient utilization in horses : effect of oat replacement on ration digestibility and metabolic parameters
Pyhän kolminaisuuden kunniaksi : vuoden kierto Lintulan luostarissa = To the glory of the Holy Trinity : a year in the life of the Convent of Lintula
Flora of Ethiopia and Eritrea. 7, Poaceae (Graminae)
Numerical calculations of quasiparticle dynamics in a Fermi liquid
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 2, Subfamily Chloridoideae
The silica bodies of tropical American grasses : morphology, taxonomy, and implications for grass systematics and fossil phytolith indentification
The quality of grass samples used for animal feed by combining mycotoxin measures and mycological determination of mycobiota were explored. The samples of the plant material were collected in 2014 in two stages: before the first mowing (May-June) and before the second one (July-August) from the fields of stock-farms located in northwestern part of the Russia. All samples were divided into three types: grasses, mixture of different grasses and clover, alfalfa mixed with timothy. The occurrence of aflatoxin B1, alternariol, citrinin, cyclopiazonic acid, deoxynivalenol, diacetoxyscirpenol, emodin, ergot alkaloids, fumonisins, mycophenolic acid, ochratoxin A, PR-toxin, roridin A, sterigmatocystin, T-2 toxin, and zearalenone were determined using ELISA. The multiple fungal and mycotoxin contaminations are already formed in plant tissues by the moment of first mowing. The complexes of mycotoxins including up to 14-16 components and the combined character of plant contamination quite correspond to the taxonomic variety of mycobiota.
Plant-soil interactions in cold climate
The Saltatoria (bush-crickets, crickets and grasshoppers) of Northern Europe
Father Michael : recluse of Uusi Valamo
Comparison of diets based on grass silage, hay or oat straw supplemented with four levels of concentrates in the feeding of growing Ayrshire bulls
An introduction to the physiology of crop yield
Important grassland plants of Kenya
Are you a grasshopper?
The scythe book : mowing hay, cutting weeds, and harvesting small grains, with hand tools
New Valamo : images of a monastery
Prairie grasses identified and described by vegetative characters
ESTABLISHMENT OF SHORT ROTATION WOODY CROP TRIALS IN ATLANTIC CANADA
Ornamental grasses and grasslike plants
Odour detection in the desert locust, Schistocerca gregaria : antennal structure and function
How grasses grow
Fungal species and multiple mycotoxin contamination of cultivated forage crops
Development of yield and nutritive value of timothy in primary growth and regrowth in northern growing conditions
Metamorphic history of staurolite-bearing schist from the Svecokarelides, near Heinävaara, eastern Finland
Schoenus ferrugineus (Cyperaceae) in Murmansk Region (Russia)
Flora of Bhutan : including a record of plants from Sikkim and Darjeeling. Vol. 3, part 2, The grasses of Bhutan
He-Man and the masters of the universe : minicomic collection
Effects of defoliation height on regrowth of timothy and meadow fescue in the generative and vegetative phases of growth
Effect of feeding level and diet type on the performance of crossbred suckler cows and their calves
Supplementation of vetch (Vicia sativa) hay to Begait and Abergelle goats in northern Ethiopia
Designing with grasses
Apparent digestibility of hays in horses determined by total collection of faeces and using internal marker methods
The biology and utilization of grasses
They chose the good part
American bamboos
The development of the yield and nutritive value of timothy (Phleum pratense L.) both in the primary growth and in the regrowth were studied at MTT Plant Production Research, a unit of MTT Agrifood Research Finland, in Rovaniemi (66°35'N) in 1999-2001. The dry matter yield and leaf:stem ratio were measured from the crop samples, and the contents of crude protein and organic matter digestibility of both whole plant samples and leaf and stem fractions were analysed. In primary growth, the most rapid increase of dry matter, 220-240 kg/ha per day, was measured around the beginning of the heading stage. There was a very strong positive correlation between the proportion of stems and the amount of dry matter in the primary yield. The daily growth rate of the regrowth was less than half of that of the primary growth. The fastest decrease, 1 percentage unit per day, in crude protein content was measured at the pasture stage (4-5 -leaf stage). During the entire sampling period, the average daily decline in crude protein content in the primary growth of timothy was 0.65 percentage units. The main cause for the rapid decline in crude protein content was the high proportion of stem matter and its low protein content. In the regrowth, during the last four weeks before the harvest, the average daily decline in crude protein content was 0.28 percentage units.The average decline in organic matter digestibility from early pasture stage to late silage stage was 0.9 percentage units per day. The most remarkable change was noticed at the growth stage of timothy when about the half of stems were heading and it was then that the digestibility decreased by more than one percentage unit per day. The rapid decline in organic matter digestibility was due to the low digestibility of stem matter. The daily change in forage digestibility in the regrowth was very small, on average 0.11%.
The grasses of Barbados (Poaceae)
Inhalation of endotoxin, hay dust suspension and Aspergillus fumigatus extract elevate MMP-9 dose dependently
The very quiet cricket
the Grasses : earth`s green wealth
The effect of frequency and height of cutting on cocksfoot swards
Taxonomy, karyology and distribution of grasses in Poland : proceedings of the 3rd All-Polish Scientific Meeting Poland, Kraków, 17-18 November 1998
Hay and forage harvesting
Australian grasses
Harvesting strategy and N fertilization influence 134Cs uptake by forage plants
Molecular and phenotypic characterisation of Nordic meadow fescue (Festuca pratensis Huds.) with a view on phylogeographic history
The aim of the present experiment was to study the effects of (1) digestibility of grass-red clover silage (GCS) and (2) concentrate protein concentration on the performance, eating quality and economy of Hereford bulls during a six months pre-slaughter period, and reared in cold indoor facilities. Thirtyone bulls with an initial live weight (LW) of 289 kg were selected for a 2 x 2 factorial design experiment consisting of two primary growth GCSs harvested at different maturities (in vitro digestible organic matter (OM) in dry matter (DM), D value: Early-cut, E, 750 g kg⁻¹ DM; Late-cut, L, 699 g kg⁻¹ DM) and two concentrate crude protein concentrations (Medium, M, 170 g kg⁻¹ DM; High, H, 210 g kg⁻¹ DM). The concentrate comprised milled barley and pelleted commercial protein compound and was offered daily on average 3.2 kg DM, including 0.45 and 1.13 kg of rapeseed cake in M and H, respectively. Grass-red clover silage was offered ad libitum. The target cold carcass weight was 330 kg.The proportion of concentrate of the total daily DM intake averaged 0.337 during the entire experiment. Treatments had no effect on the daily intake of GCS, total intake of DM, DM intake kg⁻¹ LW0.75 and metabolizable energy averaging 6.0 and 9.4 kg DM, 97.4 g and 109.4 MJ, respectively. The digestibility of dietary OM and neutral detergent fibre was lower (p < 0.05, 0.733 vs. 0.769 and 0.625 vs. 0.665) on diet L than on diet E. The animals on diet E tended to consume daily on average 1.29 kg less (p < 0.10) DM kg⁻¹ net weight gain than those on diet L. The time to achieve the target carcass weight was on average 18 days longer (p < 0.01) on diet L than on diet E. During the entire experiment the LW gain averaged 1795 and 1609 g d⁻¹ (p < 0.01) on diets E and L, respectively. The concentrate protein concentration did not affect animal performance. Treatments had no significant effect on the kill-out proportion, EUROP carcass conformation and carcass fat classification which averaged 537 g kg⁻¹, 6.5 and 3.6, respectively. The eating quality of the tested loins was good. Treatments had only a minor effect on the yield of valuable cuts. It is concluded that the digestibility of silage is important since the early-cut silage improved the growth rate and shortened the finishing period of bulls significantly compared with those fed late-cut silage. The lower yield and, thus, higher unit cost of early.cut silage may, however, invalidate its superiority compared with the late.cut silage. There was no benefit from using concentrate of high protein concentration.
An integrated simulation model of hay growth, harvesting and barn drying
Disease damage to the foliage of cultivated grasses in Finland
Ant and the grasshopper
Seed dormancy in grasses
Zheng He : China and the oceans in the early Ming dynasty, 1405-1433
Controlling turfgrass pests
Landscapes of Finland
Red clover grown in a mixture with grasses : yield, persistence and dynamics of quality characteristics
New taxa in Indonesian bamboos
Managing grass for horses : the responsible owner's guide
Catalogue of New World grasses (Poaceae). 3, Subfamilies Panicoideae, Aristidoideae, Arundinoidaeae, and Danthonioideae
Hendersonia, Phaeoseptoria and Stagonospora on Graminae in Finland
