http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17710 religious spirituality
religious spirituality
The spirituality revolution : the emergence of contemporary spirituality
Carl Jung and Alcoholics Anonymous: the twelve steps as a spiritual journey of individuation
Chasing the wild goose : the story of the Iona Community
An important collection of essays focused how the climactic episode of Christian scripture and apocrypha, the life of Christ, was repeatedly adapted for a variety of audiences and devotional uses in the Middle Ages. Christ's life, as related through the Gospel narratives and early Apocrypha, was subject to a riot of literary-devotional adaptation in the medieval period. This collection provides a series of groundbreaking studies centring on the devotional and cultural significance of Christianity's pivotal story during the Middle Ages. The collection represents an important milestone in terms of mapping the meditative modes of piety that characterize a number of Christological traditions, including the Meditationes vitae Christi and the numerous versions it spawned in both Latin and the vernacular. A number of chapters in the volume track how and why meditative piety grew in popularity to become a mode of spiritual activity advised not only to recluses and cenobites as in the writings of Aelred of Rievaulx, but also reached out to diverse lay audiences through the pastoral regimens prescribed by devotional authors such as the Carthusian prior Nicholas Love in England and the Parisian theologian and chancellor of the University of Paris, Jean Gerson. Through exploring these texts from a variety of perspectives — theoretical, codicological, theological — and through tracing their complex lines of dissemination in ideological and material terms, this collection promises to be invaluable to students and scholars of medieval religious and literary culture.
Celebration of discipline : the path to spiritual growth
The Abraham dilemma : a divine delusion
Handbook of religion and health
One Buddha is not enough : a story of collective awakening
The allies of humanity. Book two : human unity, freedom & the hidden reality of contact : the second set of briefings
Spirituality : what it is and why it matters
The sacred history : how angels, mystics and higher intelligence made our world
The ecology of spirituality : meanings, virtues, and practices in a post-religious age
With more than 1 million copies in print, the original edition of Care of the Soul is a remarkable study of the creative opportunities that are available to us in everyday life. Thomas Moore is now a world-renowned writer, psychotherapist, and speaker, and this new, illustrated edition of Care of the Soul brings an edited version of the original text to a new audience. Care of the Soul: The Illustrated Edition offers a therapeutic program to restore the spiritual life to the human soul. We are given the opportunity to go deeper into our emotional problems and find the sacredness in ordinary, everyday life -- with friends, in our conversation with others, in more fulfilling work, and in all the experiences that can touch the heart. By integrating classical and modern art with the text, this edition offers the reader the opportunity to envision the already very visual nature of Thomas Moore's writing. It contains more than 150 color illustrations of great works of art that make the text come alive -- ranging from pieces by Marsilio Ficino, one of the author's favorite artists, to Edward Munch and Pablo Picasso; from vase paintings created in 400 BCE all the way to works by modern artists such as Edwin Romanzo Elmer, Giorgio De Chirico, and William Waterhouse. Thomas Moore has long worked as an art therapist and has studied religion and music -- all of which have come together in this volume to bring us an extraordinary and inspirational guide to the spiritual solutions needed in daily life.
Christian spiritual formation in the church and classroom
Awareness : a de Mello sprirituality conference in his own words
Discover your authentic self : be you, be free, be happy
Devotional culture in late medieval England and Europe : diverse imaginations of Christ's life
Women's rites, women's mysteries : intuitive ritual creation
Recovery of faith
The little money Bible : ten laws of abundance
God, faith, and health : exploring the spirituality-healing connection
Body of wisdom : women's spiritual power and how it serves
Christian spirituality
Pilgrims' reflections on the Camino de Santiago and Glastonbury as expressions of vernacular religion : fieldworker's perspective
Concerning the city of God against pagans
Family theology : finding God in very human relationships
Spiritual care : being in doing
Spirituality and health : multidisciplinary explorations
Religion, spirituality and everyday practice
A sociology of spirituality
"That is why I gave in to age my competitive ability but not my soul!" : a spiritual journey in endurance running
The history of the Iona Community, including St Colomba's founding of an influential Celtic Christian community on the Hebridean island of Iona in the sixth century, the work of George MacLeod whose inspiration placed Iona firmoly on the Christian map once again in the 20th century and the current broad span of the Community, touching the map of human experience - spirituality, politics, peace and justice - guided by the wild goose, Celtic symbol of the Holy Spirit.
Religion for atheists : a non-believer's guide to the uses of religion
The anchoress
(Un)believing in modern society : religion, spirituality, and religious-secular competition
Throughout his life, the apartheid activist, Nelson Mandela (Madiba), maintained, 'In the darkest moment there is always hope. We must never give up'. Hope as a mode of the courage to be (Paul Tillich), points to what the Sociologist Peter Berger calls: signals of transcendence. Wholeness in Hope Care explores the rich tradition of hope in wisdom, philosophy and Christian theology. It connects non-hope/un-hope (Gabriel Marcel: inespoir) to a theology of compassion in soul care (cura animarum). Resurrection hope (theologia resurrectionis) points to the healing of life (cura vitae) and the preservation of land (cura terrae). In order to describe the helping and healing dimension in pastoral caregiving, the term 'promissiotherapy' has been coined.
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
Booked : literature in the soul of me
The real American dream : a meditation on hope
Summary in Estonian.
Spiritually oriented interventions for counseling and psychotherapy
Spirituality is a unique account of spirituality from traditional religion to the present that reveals the common thread that joins Mahayana Buddhism and Hasidic Judaism, the Sufi Rumi and the Catholic St. Thomas a Kempis, people of all faiths and those who are "spiritual but not religious." Roger S. Gottlieb argues that spirituality is the simple but extraordinarily difficult attempt to face life's rigors and disappointments by becoming more mindful, accepting, grateful, compassionate, and lovingly connected to others. These virtues oppose both the social ego's attachment and arrogance, and any habitual, unreflective religiosity; and the path towards them can be shared equally by people inspired by belief in one God or many, the divinity of nature or the sacredness of life. Spirituality examines the promises and perils of spiritual life as understood both within and outside of traditional faiths, explains the rise of the widespread spiritual detachment from institutional religion, and offers illuminating accounts of yoga, meditation, and prayer. There are also insightful studies of spirituality's relation to modern medicine, nature and the environmental crisis, and political activism.
Extraordinary times, extraordinary beings : experiences of an american diplomat with maitreya and the masters of wisdom
Eretica : the transcendent and the profane in contemporary art
Sacred places : sites of spiritual pilgrimage from Stonehenge to Santiago de Compostela
Looking in the distance : the human search for meaning
The future of God : a practical approach to spirituality for our times
The collected works of Ramana Maharshi
Lob der Schöpfung = Luomisen ylistys = Praise of creation
When crickets cry : a novel of the heart
Revisioning transpersonal theory : a participatory vision of human spirituality
"A powerful message to help women break free from comparison and competition, embrace God's purpose, and realize a life without rival"--Publisher's description.
On being family : a social theology of the family
Sophia : a novel
Holistic nursing care
The Mystery Schools of Egypt, Greece, and Rome understood that vibration is the fundamental active force in the universe and developed specific chants and tones for healing the mind, body, and spirit and achieving altered states of consciousness. Overtone chanting--also called vocal harmonics--is the ability of the human voice to create two or more notes at the same time. Healing Soundsexplains how to perform vocal harmonics and experience their transformative and curative powers. An internationally recognized master teacher, the author provides diverse examples of sound healing systems incorporating both mystical and medical traditions--from Tibetan monks' use of tantric harmonics to Dr. Alfred Tomatis' use of Gregorian chanting--and their capacity to affect us on all levels. With many easy-to-follow exercises, Healing Soundsis the first book to show from both the scientific and spiritual viewpoints how to use the transformative power of sound for healing on physical, emotional, mental, and spiritual levels.
Spiritual presence in psychotherapy : a guide for caregivers
Why is God laughing? : the path to joy and spiritual optimism
Parables : Bernard of Clairvaux's mapping of spiritual topography
The language of sex : experiencing the beauty of sexual intimacy
Leading with Wisdom : spiritual-based leadership in business
If the oceans were ink : an unlikely friendship and a journey to the heart of the Quran
The presence of other worlds : the psychological/spiritual findings of Emanuel Swedenborg
The theology of spiritual gifts in Luther and Calvin : a comparison
Landmarks : an Ignatian journey
International handbook of the religious, moral and spiritual dimensions in education / part 2
Spirituality and healing are controversial issues in counselling and psychotherapy. This cutting edge text discusses the philosophical, practical and ethical issues involved in counselling and explores major critiques of work on spirituality and healing.
The power of spirituality in therapy : integrating spiritual and religious beliefs in mental health practice
Spiritual interventions in child and adolescent psychotherapy
Shamanism and spirituality in therapeutic practice : an introduction
The positive psychology of meaning & spirituality : selected papers from meaning conferences
The supreme jihad
Approaches to spiritual direction
How to practice : the way to a meaningful life
The Bloomsbury guide to Christian spirituality
Sacred places : sites of spiritual pilgrimage from Stonehenge to  Santiago de Compostela
The first comprehensive, psychological theory in over a century - Reiss picks up where William James left off. This ground breaking work will change the way we understand religion. Religion is about the values motivated by the sixteen basic desires of human nature. It has mass appeal because it accommodates the values of people with opposite personality traits. This is the first comprehensive theory of the psychology of religion that can be scientifically verified.
Finding sanctuary : monastic steps for everyday life
Healing sounds : the power of harmonics
Kultura e bashkëjetesës = A culture of peaceful coexistence
International handbook of education for spirituality, care and wellbeing. Part 2
The spiritual sensitivity of the academically gifted = Spirituálna senzitivita akademicky nadaných
Religious organizations in community services : a social work perspective
Luther as a spiritual adviser : the interface of theology and piety in Luther's devotional writings
Change your life, change your world : ten spiritual lessons for a new way of being and living
Aesth/ethics in environmental change : hiking through the arts, ecology, religion and ethics of the environment
"What is a religious or spiritual delusion? What does religious delusion reveal about the difference between good and bad spirituality? What is the connection between religious delusion and moral failure? Or between religious delusion and religious terrorism? Or religious delusion and despair? The Abraham Dilemma: A Divine Delusion is the first book written by a philosopher on the topic of religious delusion -- on the disorder's causes, contents, consequences, diagnosis and treatment. The book argues that we cannot understand a religious delusion without appreciating three facts. One is that religiosity or spirituality is a part of human nature, whether it takes theistic or non-theistic forms. Another is that religious delusion is something to which we are all vulnerable. The third is that the delusion is not best understood by reducing it to brain chemistry, or by insisting that it is empirically false. It is best understood by examining its harmful personal and moral consequences -- consequences that nearly unfolded when the biblical patriarch Abraham prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac in response to a command, he thought, from God. The book presents a fascinating and profound exploration of a phenomenon as old as mankind itself."--
Coming out, coming home : making room for gay spirituality in therapy
Becoming Wise : An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living
A meeting by the river
Wholeness in hope care : on nurtering the beauty of the human soul in spiritual healing
Stages of meditation
Raising Lazarus : integral healing in orthodox Christianity
Too deep for words : rediscovering Lectio Divina
Shots in the dark : Japan, Zen, and the West
New Age spirituality in San Marcos la Laguna, Guatemala
Gilead
Palliative care : the nursing role
Sacred motherhood : an inspirational guide and journal for mindfully mothering children of all ages
Buddha at bedtime : tales of love and wisdom for you to read with your child to enchant, enlighten and inspire
Self-esteem : the new reformation
God's wisdom : toward a theology of education
Spirituality & health research : methods, measurement, statistics, and resources
The shock of night
"What is Christian Spirituality? How does it relate to non-Christian traditions? Where does it arise from and where is it going? These are some of the key questions addressed in this guide from Bloomsbury, written by foremost academics in their fields who distill their knowledge for a wide intelligent audience".
Reveal : a sacred manual for getting spiritually naked
The 16 strivings for God : the new psychology of religious experiences
I am the word : a guide to the consciousness of man's self in a transitioning time : a channeled text
Toward a psychology awakening: buddhism, psychotherapy, and the path of personal and spiritual transformation
Caring for the dying : critical issues at the edge of life
Exploring therapy, spirituality, and healing
In the beginning was the Spirit : science, religion, and indigenous spirituality
Who am I? : Bonhoeffer's theology through his poetry
The mythic imagination : the quest for meaning through personal mythology
St. Nadie in winter : Zen encounters with loneliness
Three outsiders : Pascal, Kierkegaard, Simone Weil
Exploring the religious life
The impersonal life
Understanding religious experiences : what the Bible says about spirituality
The love there that's sleeping : the art and spirituality of George Harrison
Jihad, a word popularly translated by the media as 'holy war', provides the ideological underpinnings to violent extremists, while at the same time informs the average westerner that Islam is a religion that advocates violence and barbarism. And yet the famous saying of the Prophet Muhammad, while returning from battle, 'We have returned from the lesser jihad to the greater jihad' has ensured that to the majority of Muslims around the world, jihad primarily refers to the inner struggle against base desires, and the spiritual and moral endeavour to promote human values and achieve fairness and justice in society.
Leaves of Morya's Garden. Book One : The Call 1924
Spirituality and occupational therapy
Silence of the heart : dialogues with Robert Adams
A new old spirituality? : a qualitative study of clergy spirituality in the church of Norway
Finding happiness : monastic steps for fulfilling life
Integrating traditional healing practices into counseling and psychotherapy
Soul searching : the religious and spiritual lives of American teenagers
The reality and spirituality of life in the universe
Religious upbringing and the costs of freedom : personal and philosophical essays
The prophet's way : a guide to living in the now
The sacred universe : earth, spirituality, and religion in the twenty-first century
Brings together autobiographical narratives and reflections by philosophers who were brought up in strict religious environments.
Spirituality : a very short introduction
Spirituality and ethics in education : philosophical, theological and radical perspectives
Early Christian communities between ideal and reality
Losing Moses on the freeway: the 10 commandments in America
Original blessing : a primer in creation spirituality : presented in four paths, twenty-six themes, and two questions
World without end
Reimagining liberal education : affiliation and inquiry in democratic schooling
Coping strategies
... to be continued ... : reincarnation & the purpose of our lives
The book of atheist spirituality
Waking up : a guide to spirituality without religion
Religion and spirituality in psychiatry
Fellowship of the spirit
Most Luther scholars have focused largely on the polemical side of the reformer with only occasional allusion to his Devotional Writings. The aim of this book is to unfold the pastoral not the polemical side of the reformer drawing on the spiritual insights he offers to people of high and low estate. These writings are devotional and catechectial in shape and intent yet not devoid of rich theological substance the fruit of his rigorous reflections. They are the exercises of Luther's basic calling as a theologianpastor and are the concrete illustrations of the interface of theology and piety the former being the abiding presupposition of the latter. Dr Ngien's work reveals Luther as a true theologian i.e. theologian of the cross at work in the pastoral context.
Religions and development
Care of the soul : how to add depth and meaning to your everyday life : the illustrated edition
This magnum opus incorporates more than a century of new research from around the globe, demonstrating how the period from 1350-1550 gave rise to many mystical writers who remain influential today, including Julian of Norwich, Jan van Ruusbroec, and Catherine of Siena. With an unmatched knowledge of primary works and relevant scholarship, McGinn conveys the unique genius of each mystical teacher and describes how the movement built on individual insights. Specific types of mysticism covered include literature in Middle Dutch, and work in Italian and English in the late medieval period. --
"It is a striking aspect of contemporary western culture that, alongside a decline in traditional religious affiliations, there has been a growing interest in spirituality and the use of the word in a variety of contexts. Indeed, spirituality is sometimes contrasted favorably with religion, which many people see (for good or ill) as an off-putting amalgam of dogma, moralism, institutions, buildings, and hierarchies. This Very Short Introduction, written by one of the most eminent scholars and writers on spirituality, explores the historical foundations of spirituality and considers how it came to have the significance it has today. The notion of spirituality, Philip Sheldrake notes, expresses the fact that many people are driven by goals that concern more than material satisfaction. Broadly, it refers to the deepest values and sense of meaning by which people seek to live. Sometimes these values are conventionally religious. Sometimes they are associated with what is understood as "the sacred" in a broader sense--that is, of ultimate rather than merely instrumental importance. Looking at spirituality in religion, philosophy, anthropology, and psychology, Sheldrake sheds light on the concept of the spiritual "experience" and considers the impact and transformation it can have on individuals and on society."--Publisher's website.
No mud, no lotus : the art of transforming suffering
New Product Development in Spiritual Tourism
The priest as spiritual father : an Orthodox Christian homily, together with gems from St. John Damascene on the spiritual life, counsels of St. Gregory Palamas, and a discussion of the Ladder of Divine Ascent
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Wicca for life : the way of the craft - from birth to Summerland
Nursing care at the end of life
A practical book that helps readers discover and deepen their own spiritual journeys. It is illustrated with line drawings and diagrams, and contains exercises and suggestions for prayer and reflection. -- Review: 'I know of no publishing house which has ever offered to reimburse a buyer who remains dissatisfied after reading one of its books. I think Darton, Longman and Todd could safely make the first such offer with Landmarks. I delighted in following Margaret Silf's journey of exploration today ... lucidly written, down to earth, free of jargon, full of hope and encouragement.' -- Gerard W. Hughes 'Margaret Silf is one of the most talented spiritual writers, and her Landmarks will become a classic.' -- Margaret Hebblethwaite
Life in the spirit : spiritual formation in theological perspective
The surrender experiment : my journey into life's perfection
Without rival : embrace your identity and purpose in an age of confusion and comparison
Don't tell : stories and essays by agnostics and atheists in AA
Presence of God : a history of western Christian mysticism. Vol. 5, The varieties of vernacular mysticism, 1350-1550
The Handbook of Religion and Health has become the seminal research text on religion, spirituality, and health, outlining a rational argument for the connection between religion and health. The Second Edition completely revises and updates the first edition. Its authors are physicians: a psychiatrist and geriatrician, a primary care physician, and a psychiatrist and theologian, all with advanced degrees in epidemiology and public health. The Second Edition surveys the historical connections between religion and health and grapples with the distinction between the terms religion and spirituality in research and clinical practice. It reviews research on religion and mental health, as well as extensive research literature on the mind-body relationship, and develops a model to explain how religious involvement may impact physical health through the mind-body mechanisms. It also explores the direct relationships between religion and physical health, covering such topics as immune and endocrine function, heart disease, hypertension and stroke, neurological disorders, cancer, and infectious diseases; and examines the consequences of illness including chronic pain, disability, and quality of life. Finally, the Handbook reviews research methods and addresses applications to clinical practice. Theological perspectives are interwoven throughout the chapters.
Dark nights of the soul : a guide to finding your way through life's ordeals
Renovation of the heart : putting on the character of Christ
In the beginning is the icon : a liberative theology of images, visual arts, and culture
Spirituality in late Byzantium : essays presenting new research by international scholars
Spiritual tourism : travel and religious practice in Western society
"This challenging and provocative book reimagines the justification, substance, process, and study of education in open, pluralistic, liberal democratic societies. Hanan Alexander argues that educators need to enable students to embark on a quest for intelligent spirituality, while paying heed to a pedagogy of difference. Through close analysis of the work of such thinkers as William James, Charles Taylor, Elliot Eisner, Michael Oakeshott, Isaiah Berlin, Martin Buber, Michael Apple and Terrence McLaughlin, Reimagining Liberal Education offers an account of school curriculum and moral and religious instruction that throws new light on the possibilities of a nuanced, rounded education for citizenship. Divided into three parts - Transcendental Pragmatism in Educational Research, Pedagogy of Difference and the Other Face of Liberalism, and Intelligent Spirituality in the Curriculum, this is a thrilling work of philosophy that builds upon the author's award-winning text Reclaiming Goodness: Education and the Spiritual Quest"--
