http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17752 terminal care
terminal care
Caring for dying children and their families
The future for palliative care : issues of policy and practice ; David Clark (ed.)
Nursing the dying patient : caring in different contexts
Abstract.
Terminal care at home
Palliative care for children and families : an interdisciplinary approach
Transforming palliative care in nursing homes : the social work role
Ethical isuues in nursing and midwifery practice : perspectives from Europe
Long-term care
Patients' stories have long been used in palliative care to make sense of experiences of illness & care. This book examines the uses & interpretations of narratives & stories, bringing theory & practice closer together, & looking at how these methods can be worked with in ways that are rigorous, productive, ethical, & caring.
Euthanasia
Palliative Care in North Karelia : The best humane care for patients
Palliative care and end of life care
Life and death decisions : psychological and ethical considerations in end-of-life care
Cicely Saunders : the founder of the modern hospice movement
There is increased awareness of the need for palliative care for chronic diseases. However, there remains a huge unmet need for palliative care for chronic life-limiting health problems in most parts of the world. The purpose of this Atlas is to shine a light on the need for palliative care globally and to provide useful information for those wishing to increase access. This document addresses the following questions: What is palliative care? Why is palliative care a human rights issue? What are the main diseases requiring palliative care? What is the need for palliative care? What are the barriers to palliative care? Where is palliative care currently available? What are the models of palliative care worldwide? What resources are devoted to palliative care? What is the way forward?
The dying soul : spiritual care at the end of life
Abstract: The purpose of this paper is to highlight the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting and show nurses how they can provide culturally sensitive end of life care for their patients. The research question What is culturally sensitive care at the end of life in the acute ward setting, and how can nurses provide it? Madeleine Leininger's theory of Cultural Care Diversity and Universality has been used to provide a framework for writing this paper. The paper was written by conducting a systematic litrature review was perfromed by using well known electronic databases and manuals search methods. The articles choosen met the six selection criteria as well as answering the research question. The articles were analysed using a method which is based on the method described by Elo and Kyngäs (2008). During the data analysis process, seven main themes and two sub themes emerged that are a part of providing culturally sensitive end of life care. The seven major themes are; Death and Dying is a Complex Issue, Culture Plays a Part in Determining a Good Death, A Person's Beliefs Affect Their View, Nurses Have a Important Role, There Needs to be Clear Communication, The Definition of a Good Death is Individual, Areas That Need Improvement. The two sub themes are; Shared Aspects of a Good Death and Shared Aspects of a Undignified Death. Each of these themes will then combine to form the patient's own personal world view. It was possible to relate each of these themes to issues that were raised by Leininger in her theory. Death is and increasingly complex and diverse issue that nurses face today and with the rapidly aging population it is a challenge that acute care nurses will face on an increasingly routine basis. The most important role of the nurse when it comes to providing end of life care is the development and implementation of comprehensive and culturally sensitive end of life care plans in partnership with patients. Once such plans are developed in falls to the nurse to ensure that they are followed, after all it is only by following the wishes patients that have been outlined in such plans can nurses help patients to die a dignified and peaceful death.
International journal of palliative nursing
Palliative care for infants, children, and adolescents : a practical handbook
Hospice and palliative care : concepts and practice
Providing a good death : the importance of culturally sensitive end of life care in the acute ward setting
Death and dying in children : An empirical study about nursing activities during pediatric terminal and post mortem care
Social work theory and practice with the terminally ill
Religious understandings of a good death in hospice palliative care
Time for dying
Hospice : complete care for the terminally ill
The least worst death : essays in bioethics on the end of life
Death, dying and social differences
Palliative care : explorations and challenges
Cicely Saunders : founder of the modern hospice movement
Caring relationships : the dying and the bereaved
Living and dying at Murray Manor
Final exit : the practicalities of self-deliverance and assisted suicide for the dying
Palliative care nursing at a glance
On death and dying
Caring for the dying patient and the family
Social work with the dying and bereaved
Narrative and stories in health care : illness, dying and bereavement
Palliative and supportive care of advanced cancer
#What Is A Near Death Experience?
Facing death : where culture, religion and medicine meet
Communication in palliative nursing
The soul midwives' handbook : The holistic & spiritual care of the dying
"Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine: A Practical, Evidence-Based Approach focuses on improving a Hospitalist's ability to provide quality palliative care in the inpatient hospital setting. Although several large textbooks exist for the palliative care provider, there are few detailed resources aimed specifically at the general Hospitalist and hospital-based staff. Existing textbooks dedicate at most only one chapter to palliative care and they lack the detail and specificity in symptom management and communication skills to truly guide care. Hospital-Based Palliative Medicine addresses each of the major components involved in the delivery of inpatient palliative care. These include the management of complex symptoms and the use of specific communication techniques - right down to the actual words to say to the patient - to convey important information such as the reason for and use of medication and how to handle difficult topics with patients and their families and caregivers. The book's authors are all leaders in the field of palliative care, and most of them also practice as hospitalists, and thus understand both perspectives. Chapters are presented in a consistent format with particular attention to both clinical pearls and pitfalls, making the material practical and easily accessible to the busy hospitalist and associated hospital staff"--Provided by publisher.
A palliative ethic of care : clinical wisdom at life's end
Morality, mortality : death and whom to save from it. Volume 1
Deconstructing death : changing cultures of death, dying, bereavement and care in the Nordic countries
Aging, health expenditure, proximity of death and income in Finland
Counselling for grief and bereavement
Reminiscence and recall : a practical guide to reminiscence work
Positive approaches to palliative care : a workbook to support the palliative care optional units of the certificates in working with people who have learning disabilities
ABC of palliative care
A neighborhood divided : community resistance to an AIDS care facility
Palliative care through relatives' eyes
Supporting dying children and their families : a handbook for Christian ministry
Oxford handbook of palliative care
Healing the dying
Spiritual care : a guide for caregivers
Palliative care through relatives ́eyes
Palliative Care, Social Work and Service Users : Making Life Possible
Palliative care for older people in care homes
Embracing the paradox : pastoral care with dying and bereaved people
Dying dignified : the health professional's guide to care
The maintenance of life : preventing social death through euthanasia talk and end-of-life care : lessons from the Netherlands
The decision to limit life support : attitudes among intensive care professionals and the general public
The sociology of death
End-of-life care of children with cancer
Palliative care perspectives
Psychotherapy and the treatment of cancer patients : bearing cancer in mind
Partnership with the dying : where medicine and ministry should meet
Death, dying and the ending of life
Ethnography in a modern hospice : construction of sacrality behind the seemingly natural
Children's palliative care in Africa
Voicework in music therapy : research and practice
In the face of death : professionals who care for the dying and the bereaved
Passing on : The social organization of dying
Facing impending death : experiences of patients and their nurses
Cognitive behavior therapy in nursing practise
Palliative care nursing : quality care to the end of life
The nursing care of the dying patient : 'in the midst of life'
Being mortal : medicine and what matters in the end
Cancer pain relief and palliative care in children
The fault in our stars
Palliative care : the nursing role
Feeding the dying : religion and end-of-life decisions
Facilitating orientation : An Orientation Guide for Foreign Nurses Coming to Work in Nurmikoti Nursing Home
Hospice and palliative care handbook : quality, compliance and reimbursement
Living with dying : the management of terminal disease
Death and dying in children : an empirical study about nursing activities during pediatric terminal and post mortem care
The private worlds of dying children
Cicely Saunders : founder of the hospice movement : selected letters 1959-1999
Rules of inheritance
Home care nursing services : international lessons
On death and dying : what the dying have to teach doctors, nurses, clergy and their own families
New themes in palliative care
On life after death
Terminal illness : a guide to nursing care
Palliative nursing : improving end-of-life care
The fragile community : living together with AIDS
End-of-life ethics and the nursing assistant
Textbook of medical oncology
Hospice : the living idea
Textbook of palliative medicine
Primary HIV/AIDS care : a practical guide for primary health care personnel in the clinical and supportive care of people with HIV/AIDS
Caring for the dying : critical issues at the edge of life
Hospital-based palliative medicine : a practical, evidence-based approach
On children and death
Global Atlas of Palliative Care at the End of Life
The way we die now
Care of the dying
Dying, death, and bereavement : theoretical perspectives and other ways of knowing
Summary: Pain and other symptoms in a Finnish general population.
Responding to grief : dying, bereavement and social care
Nursing issues and research in terminal care
Fragile lives : death, dying and care
Experiences of death : an anthropological account
Advance care planning : communicating about matters of life and death
Nurses's perspectives of loneliness amongst terminally ill patients
Questions and answers on death and dying : a companion volume to On death and dying
Motherkind : a novel
Palliative care for older people : better practices
We are all made of stars
Pain : management and nursing care
Critical moments : death and dying in intensive care
Study guide for Fundamental nursing skills and concepts, tenth edition
Changing European death ways
Supportive and palliative care in cancer : an introduction
Asking to die : inside the Dutch debate about euthanasia
Controlling dying : physicians narrating end-of-life issues
Being mortal : illness, medicine and what matters in the end
In the midst of life
Parting : a handbook for spiritual care near the end of life
Dying well : a holistic guide for the dying and their carers
Living with dying : a handbook for end-of-life healthcare practitioners
Life meets death : thoughts and reality
Palliative care nursing : principles and evidence for practice
Populations around the world are ageing, and more people are living with the effects of serious chronic illness towards the end of life. Meeting their needs presents a public health challenge. This publication aims to provide examples of better palliative care practices for older people to help those involved in planning and supporting care-oriented services most appropriately and effectively. Examples have been identified from literature searches and from an international call for examples through various organizations, including the European Association of Palliative Care and the European Union Geriatric Medicine Society. Some examples consider how to improve aspects within the whole health system; specific smaller examples consider how to improve palliative care education, support in the community, in hospitals or for specific groups of people, such as people in nursing homes and people with dementia and their families. Some examples await rigorous evaluation of effectiveness, and more research is needed in this field, especially the cost–effectiveness and generalizability of these initiatives. This publication takes both an individual person and a health systems approach, focusing on examples from or relevant to the WHO European Region. The publication is intended for policy-makers, decision-makers, planners and multidisciplinary professionals concerned with the care and quality of life of older people.
Case studies in palleative and end-of-life care
Caring for dying people of different faiths
Communication as a psychological need in the care of the patients with terminal illness : literature review
Nursing care at the end of life
How to Heal : a Guide for Caregivers
Palliative care : core skills and clinical competencies
Nursing care of the terminally ill
Dignity and dying : a Christian appraisal
To live until we say good-bye
Caring for dying and meeting death : the views of Iranian and Swedish nurses and student nurses
The power of death : contemporary reflections on death in western society
Musical encounters with dying : stories and lessons
Living well and dying faithfully : Christian practices for end-of-life care
Compassionate person-centered care for the dying : an evidence-based palliative care guide for nurses
Persian summary.
Who dies? : an investigation of conscious living and conscious dying
The welcome visitor
Death and spirituality
Summary in Swedish.
