http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17746 processed foods
processed foods
"Artificial sensory evaluation : appearance-based analysis of ready meals"
Hygienic quality of foods served on aircraft
A consumer behaviour study regarding Unilever's Knorr Ateriaratkaisut products
Salt, sugar, fat : how the food giants hooked us
Brand and branding strategy in food industry : case: Kinh Do Corporation and Solite brand
The shape we're in : how junk food and diets are shortening our lives
Diagnostics of Clostridium botulinum and thermal control of nonproteolytic C. botulinum in refrigerated processed foods
Ready meals from the consumers' perspective : attitudes, beliefs, contexts and appropriateness
Golden arches east : McDonald's in East Asia
Ultrasound detection of microbe contamination in premade food
Risk assessment of Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat foods : interpretative summary
Perceived temperature effects on microwave heated meals and meal components
Joint FAO/WHO Expert Consultation on Risk Assessment of Microbiological Hazards in Foods : risk characterization of Salmonella spp. in eggs and broiler chickens and Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat foods : FAO headquarters, Rome, 30 April-4 May 2001.
McDonaldization revisited : critical essays on consumer culture
Making fast food : from the frying pan into the fryer
The behavior of estonian consumers towards chilled and canned ready meals : Case study: portion dishes and canned soups
Ready-to-use fruit and vegetables
The landscape of food : the relationship of town and country in modern times
Quick-frozen foods : A Unilever Educational Booklet
Ruokien ravintoainesisältö = Livsmedlens näringsinnehåll = Nutrient composition of foods
Real food / fake food : why you don't know what you're eating & what you can do about it
Microwave heating uniformity of multicomponent prepared foods
Risk assessment of Listeria monocytogenes in ready-to-eat foods : technical report
Time of salt addition to ready-to-eat meals : a sensory study of salt reduction and salt substitution
"You've seen the headlines: Parmesan cheese made from sawdust. Lobster rolls containing no lobster at all. Extra virgin olive oil that isn't. Fake foods are in our supermarkets, our restaurants, and our kitchen cabinets. Food journalist Larry Olmsted exposes the pervasive and dangerous fraud perpetrated on consumers by bringing readers into the unregulated food industry, revealing the alarming truth: What we think we're eating is not what we're really eating. This shocking deception extends from high-end foods like olive oil, wine, and Kobe beef to everyday staples such as coffee, honey, juice, and cheese. It's a massive bait and switch where counterfeiting is rampant and where the consumer ultimately pays the price. Olmstead travels to the sources of the real stuff, to help us recognize what to look for, eat, and enjoy. Genuine Parmigiano-Reggiano from Italy, fresh-caught grouper from Florida, authentic port from Portugal. Real foods that are grown, raised, produced, and prepared with care by masters of their craft."
Nutrition labeling handbook
