http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17761 waste water treatment
waste water treatment
Medical solid waste and wastewater treatment business in Vietnam : Market analysis and developing a competitive marketing strategy for selling medical solid waste and wastewater treatment equipment
Sewage Sludge Treatment for Energy Purpose in China : Waste Treatment in China
This book focuses on environmental engineering, and on wastewater treatment and reuse in particular, which is a vital aspect for countries and regions suffering from water shortages. It introduces a new water cycle management concept for designing water systems that mimic the hydrological cycle, where reclaimed water is produced, stored/regulated, supplied and used in a semi-natural manner so that its self-purification capacity and system efficiency can be maximized. To ensure safe water throughout the cycle, emphasis is placed on the control of ecological and pathogenic risks using a series of quality indices associated with bioassays and molecular biological analyses, as well as risk assessments focusing on protecting the environment and human health. Together with theoretical and technological discussions, a real case of a district water system for maximizing water circulation and reuse by means of a sophisticated water cycle is presented. This book introduces readers to essential new concepts and practices and illustrates the future perspectives offered by a new paradigm for design and safety control in the context of wastewater reuse systems.
Bacteriophage of Serratia marcescens as an index of human virus survival during sewage purification
Making use of tannery chromium containing sludge as feed for biogas plant
Bacterial die-off in waste stabilization ponds receiving domestic wastewater in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania
Micellar-enhanced ultrafiltration for the removal of heavy metals from phosphorous-rich wastewaters : from end-of-pipe to clean technology
Biological nitrogen removal from acidic, heavy-metal containing waters
Pulp mill effluent treatment with FlooBed® suspended carrier biofilm process (SCBP)
1991 Environmental conference, Hilton Palacio Del Rio/San Antonio Convention Center, San Antonio, TX, April 7-10 : proceedings
Green solutions for water and waste : science brought into action
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Rational design of next-generation nanomaterials and nanodevices for water applications
Electrocoagulation (EC) is an emerging technology that combines the functions and advantages of conventional coagulation, flotation, and electrochemistry in water and wastewater treatment. The aims of this work included doing an updated literary review of recent feasible applications of EC, which were found to be plentiful. Since the economic and practical operational key figures related to EC haven’t been extensively mapped out before, this was a prime objective of this part of the work.The aim of the next part of this work was to find new feasible applications for EC in the treatment of water and wastewater. The studied wastewaters included bio- and synthetic oil-in-water emulsions, various industrial nutrient-containing wastewaters, and peat bog drainage water containing humic substances (an interesting and topical problem, especially in Finland). These studies proved the feasibility of EC. In addition, larger-scale experiments were also conducted successfully, thus proving the scalability of the EC process. Extensive economic analyses of the studied EC applications were also done. The operational costs and energy consumption of EC were found to be very low—typically about 0.1–1.0 €/m3 and 0.4–4.0 kWh/m3.It has been forecasted that in the future there will be a shortage of virgin phosphorus. Therefore, another essential purpose of this work was to conduct a preliminary study on the feasibility of using EC for nutrient (especially phosphorus, but also nitrogen) removal and recovery from different types of real wastewater. Specifically, it may be possible to use EC sludges containing notable amounts of phosphorus and nitrogen as additives in granulated bio ash-based fertilizer products for various applications. This is a novel idea and a “hot topic” in the waste utilization sector and in circular and bioeconomy.^
Water cycle management : a new paradigm of wastewater reuse and safety control
Anaerobic on-site wastewater treatment at low temperatures
Water supply and sewage system treatment in Chile
Policy of Onsite and Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Options in 	Finland
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Wastewater treatment process
Radioactivity of sludge in Finland in 1987 : supplement 10 to Annual report STUK-A74
Concise encyclopedia of bioresource technology
Water and wastewater engineering. Volume 2, Water purification and wastewater treatment and disposal
Water & waste treatment
Radioactivity of sludge in Finland in 1988-1990 : supplement 5 to Annual report STUK-A89
Applying anaerobic digestion for onsite treatment of domestic wastewater and biowaste at low temperature in Finland - considering the Chinese experiences
Implementation of pulp and paper sludge in anaerobic wetdigester : Pilot scale Mobile Biogas plant technology
Ecological, socio-cultural and institutional challenges in the provision of safe water and improved sanitation in NWFP, Pakistan
The survival of type '2' poliovirus in a model system of stabilization ponds
Baltic Sea sewage port reception facilities : HELCOM Overview 2014
Second seminar on wastewater treatment in urban areas : 6-8 September 1987, Visby, Sweden
Integration of wastewater treatment in agro-ecosystems
Water Engineering : Hydraulics, Distribution and Treatment
Seminar on nutrients removal from municipal waste water : Tampere 4-6 September 1989
Anaerobic treatment of CTMP effluent
Water and wastewater engineering. 1, Water supply and wastewater removal
Optimization methods for sedimentation and denitrification in activated sludge
Control and estimation strategies applied to the activated sludge process
Advances in the identification & analysis of organic pollutants in water. 2
Small wastewater treatment plants
Applicability of small bore gravity sewers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
Analysis of the quality of wastewater from the service stations located in the operative area of Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority
Biotechnology : a multi-volume comprehensive treatise. 11a, Environmental processes 1, Wastewater treatment
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
Holistic Evaluation of Cruise Vessel Advanced Wastewater Purification Process through Mass Balance
The quick, the cheap, and the dirty : benefit transfer approaches to the non-market valuation of coastal water quality in Costa Rica
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment [Julkaisurekisteri] : studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Optical monitoring of flocs and filaments in the activated sludge process
This thesis examines three different areas of water treatment technology: the application of organic peracids in wastewater treatment; the removal of organic residues from boiler make-up water; and the use of geopolymers as sorbents.The main advantages of peracids as alternative wastewater disinfectants are their effective antimicrobial properties and high oxidation power, as well the absence of harmful disinfection by-products after their use. Performic, peracetic and perpropionic acids were compared in laboratory-scale disinfection, oxidation and corrosion experiments. From the techno-economical point of view, performic acid proved to be the most effective disinfectant against E. coli and fecal enterococci. However, in the bisphenol-A oxidation experiments, no advantages compared to hydrogen peroxide use were observed. It was also determined that corrosion rates on stainless steel 316L were negligible, while carbon steel seemed unsuitable in terms of corrosion for use with peracids even in low concentrations.Organic compounds in the boiler plant water-steam cycle thermally decompose and form potentially corrosive species. Activated carbon filtration was confirmed to be a suitable method for the removal of organic residue from deionized boiler make-up water. No significant differences in terms of treatment efficiency between commercial activated carbons were observed. However, acid washing as a pre-treatment reduced the leaching of impurities from new carbon beds. Nevertheless, a mixed-bed ion exchanger was required to remove leached impurities, such as silica and sodium.Geopolymers, or amorphous analogues of zeolites, can be used as sorbents in the treatment of wastewater. Metakaolin and blast-furnace-slag geopolymers showed positive potential in the treatment of landfill leachate (NH4+ ) and mine effluent (Ni, As, Sb).^
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Sewage treatment : basic principles and trends
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
Planning of laboratory scale gray water recycling systems
Functionalized nanocelluloses in wastewater treatment applications
Aerobic wastewater treatment under high and varying temperatures : thermophilic process performance and effluent quality
Canadian Water and Wastewater Association bulletin
Purification of aqueous electrolyte solutions by air-cooled natural freezing
Organic and nutrient removal with an onboard moving bed biofilm reactor (MBBR) process
Implementation and Process of Biogas Plant in Food Industry
Waste water treatment in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Sustainability science and engineering. Vol. 2, Sustainable water for the future : water recycling versus desalination
Water and wastewater technology
The effect of flow equalization and low-rate prefermentation on the activated sludge process and biological nutrient removal
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery : techno-economic studies
Evaluation of oxidation ditch technology with reference to the Limuru plant in Kenya
Catalytic wet air oxidation of industrial wastewaters : oxidation of bisphenol A over cerium supported metal catalysts
Sewage treatment equipment marketing research
Treatment of tannery wastewaters by activated sludge process
Coagulation and flocculation in water and wastewater treatment
Ultrasound-assisted electrochemical treatment of wastewaters containing organic pollutants by using novel Ti/Ta2O5-SnO2 electrodes
Municipal Wastewater Management in Kawempe Division, Kampala Capital City Authority
Application of natural treatment systems on fish farm wastewater : fate of fish pathogenic bacteria introduced into sand filters
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process
Guidelines for the safe use of wastewater and excreta in agriculture and aquaculture : measures for public health protection
White's handbook of chlorination and alternative disinfectants
Biological wastewater treatment systems : theory and operation
Marketing strategies to supply the waste water treatment equipment for pulp and paper plants in Vietnam
Tertiary treatment and re-use of kraft pulp mill effluent
Biological waste water treatment in the Finnish pulp and paper industry
Anaerobic treatment of forest industry wastewaters : proceedings of the First IAWPRC Symposium on Forest Industry Wastewaters held in Tampere, Finland, 11-15 June 1984
Simulation of sludge blanket of a vertical clarifier in activated sludge process = Aktiivilietepuhdistamon pystyselkeyttimen lietepatjan simulointi
Sorbents : properties, materials and applications
Sammendrag: Anvendelse av naturbaserte rensemetoder for behandling av avløpsvann fra fiskeoppdrett. Hendelsesforløpet til fiskepatogene bakterier tilsatt i sand filtre.
Wastewater treatment pilot
Biology of wastewater treatment
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Vegetable Production, Quality and Process Standardization in Chain : a Worldwide Perspective, Beijing, China, October 14-17, 2008
This book provides a contemporary approach to the study of bilingualism. Drawing on contributions from leading experts in the field, this book brings together - in a single volume - a selection of the exciting work conducted as part of the programme of the ESRC Centre for Research on Bilingualism in Theory and Practice at Bangor University, Wales. Each chapter has as its main focus an exploration of the relationship between the two languages of a bilingual. Section by section, the authors draw on current findings and methodologies to explore the ways in which their research can address this question from a number of different perspectives.
Wastewater treatment in the fishery industry
Suomen kartasto = Atlas of Finland. Appendix 242-244 (1986), Construction, energy
Water-related problems are increasing globally, and new, low-cost technologies are needed to resolve them. Lignocellulosic waste materials contain reactive functional groups that can be used to provide a bio-based platform for the production of water treatment chemicals. Research on bio-based ion exchange materials in the treatment of real wastewaters is needed.In this thesis, anion exchange materials were prepared through chemical modification (epichlorohydrin, ethylenediamine and triethylamine) using five Finnish lignocellulosic materials as bio-based platforms. Scots pine sawdust and bark (Pinus sylvestris), Norway spruce bark (Picea abies), birch bark (Betula pendula/pubescens) and peat were chosen due to their local availability and abundance. The focus was placed on NO3- removal, but uptake of heavy metals, such as nickel, was also observed and studied. Studies on maximum sorption capacity, mechanism, kinetics, and the effects of temperature, pH and co-existing anions were used to elucidate the sorption behaviour of the prepared materials in batch and column tests.All five materials removed over 70% of NO3- at pH 3–10 (initial conc. 30 mg N/l). Quaternized pine sawdust worked best (max. capacity 32.8 mg NO3-N/g), and also in a wide temperature range (5–70°C). Column studies on quaternized pine sawdust using mining wastewater and industrial wastewater from a chemical plant provided information about the regeneration of exhausted material and its suitability for industrial applications. Uptake of Ni, V, Co and U was observed. Column studies proved the easy regeneration and reusability of the material.For comparison, pine sawdust was also modified using N-(3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) trimethylammonium chloride and utilized to remove NO3- from groundwater and industrial wastewater. A maximum sorption capacity of 15.3 mg NO3-N/g was achieved for the synthetic solution. Overall, this thesis provides valuable information about bio-based anion exchange materials and their use in real waters and industrial applications.
Wastewater treatment and use in agriculture
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
Model-based control and simulation of wastewater coagulation
Principles of membrane bioreactors for wastewater treatment
Odorous volatile organic compounds in waste and wastewater management
Applications of activated sludge models
Water rights administration : experience, issues and guidelines
Unplugging drainage : toward sociotechnical redesign of San Joaquin Valley's agricultural drainage management
SELF-DESIGNED WASTEWATER TREATMENT SYSTEM FOR DOMESTIC WASTEWATER : Wastewater treatment in areas outside sewer networks in Kokkola
Ultrafiltration of acid sulphite spent liquor to produce carbohydrates
Water treatment & technology : the Nordic experience : Vilnius, 6 April 1992, Riga, 8 April 1992, Tallinn, 10 April 1992.
New adsorption and oxidation-based approaches for water and wastewater treatment:studies regarding organic peracids, boiler-water treatment, and geopolymers
Examining the current literature, research, and relevant case studies, presented by a team of international experts, the Urban Water Reuse Handbook discusses the pros and cons of water reuse and explores new and alternative methods for obtaining a sustainable water supply. The book defines water reuse guidelines, describes the historical and current development of water reuse, and includes previously implemented methodologies and practices relevant to urban wastewater treatment. It considers the sustainability of water resources and supply systems in both urban and rural areas. The book discusses the advantages of water reuse (reduced water consumption, cost-savings, a secure groundwater replenishment source, and a long-term water supply) and outlines the disadvantages (a build-up of chemical pollutants in the soil, the probable contamination of groundwater attributed to reclaimed water, and possible human health risks related to the presence of viruses and bacteria). It also proposes ethical and cultural considerations, discusses the economic and environmental performance of water systems relevant to water reuse, and outlines associated methods and strategies that can address problems of water scarcity. In addition, this handbook addresses: Constructed wetlands in surrounding urban areas; Water reuse in specific regions, coastal areas, cold regions, arid zones; Application of wastewater for hydroelectric power generation; Traditional systems of water reuse; Combining harvesting systems and water reuse structures; Warning systems for wastewater access control; Public participation and implementation issues; Groundwater recharge by unconventional water; Urban water reuse policy.
Constructed wetlands in the sustainable landscape
Catalytic wet air oxidation of industrial wastewaters:oxidation of bisphenol A over cerium supported metal catalysts
Advances in the identification & analysis of organic pollutants in water. Vol. 1
Amenability of pulp mill wastes to anaerobic treatment
Environmental biotechnology : concepts and applications
Assembling and testing of laboratory scale grey water treatment system
Internalization decision making : case: Finnish waste water treatment company to Vietnam
Dynamics of denitrifying populations in activated sludge processes with nitrogen removal
Nutrient and bacterial load transport in the River Vuoksi : model based estimation of aquatic effects from present and planned wastewater treatment plants
Topics in wastewater treatment
Tools for improved efficiency and control in wastewater treatment
Data-derived soft sensors in biological wastewater treatment : with application of multivariate statistical methods
Phosphorus and nitrogen removal in light-weight aggregate (LWA) constructed wetlands and intermittent filter systems
Seminar on wastewater treatment in urban areas : 7-9 September 1986, Visby, Sweden
Algae cultivation for wastewater reclamation
Flocculation plays a critical role in the activated sludge process, where flocs are removed by settling and where unsatisfactory flocculation is resulting in poor effluent quality. Control and operation of the process is also challenging as it is sensitive to external and internal disturbances. Furthermore, stricter environmental demands are also being placed on wastewater treatment and discharge quality thus solutions are needed to improve the current systems.A novel optical monitoring method employing a tube flow and a CCD camera was developed to characterize the flocs and filaments of the sludge, and the method was tested on samples from full-scale activated sludge plants. An online device operating on the same principle was also developed and this was tested over a period of eight months at municipal wastewater treatment plant. Optical monitoring was employed in the laboratory to study the breakage of activated sludge flocs. Based on the image analysis data, in the industrial plant the major breakage process was large-scale fragmentation. In the two municipal plants, it was surface erosion. The flocs had more filaments and were more irregular in shape in the industrial plant, which could be the reason for the large-scale fragmentation.The effect of floc morphology on the effluent clarity of the activated sludge process was studied in the industrial and municipal activated sludge plants by optical monitoring over periods of three months and eight months, respectively. The changes in floc morphology took place slowly in both plants. Four major factors that correlated with the purification results were the size and shape of the flocs and the quantities of small particles and filaments. The image analysis results suggested that the settling problem that occurred during the test periods in the industrial plant was caused by dispersed growth, whereas that in the municipal plant was caused by filamentous bulking. In conclusion, it is possible to use the developed method online in order to analyse the state of flocculation. Thus the method could be useful when developing online monitoring applications for quantifying floc characteristics and for diagnosing the causes of settling problems in the wastewater treatment plants.
Benefits of investing in water and sanitation : an OECD perspective
Treatment of Wastewater from Mineral Processing by using Algae
Light weight aggregates and shellsand : filter materials for phosphorous sorption in small-scale wastewater treatment systems
Utilization of electrocoagulation for water and wastewater treatment and nutrient recovery:techno-economic studies
Occurrence of pharmaceuticals in municipal wastewater treatment plants and receiving surface waters in Central and Southern Finland
Experimental methods in wastewater treatment
Commissioning of a Small-Scale Wastewater Treatment Plant
Nutrient removal from wastewaters
Peat as a metal trap for wastewater
Water treatment by quaternized lignocellulose
