http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17796 cicadas
cicadas Auchenorrhyncha
Frequency modulated song of the cicada Maua albigutta (Walker 1856) (Auchenorrhyncha: Cicadoidea) from South East Asia
Comparison of leafhopper faunae in cereals
The Javesella discolor group (Homoptera, Delphacidae) of North Europe, with description of a new species
A virus disease of oats in Finland similar to oat sterile-dwarf disease
Studies on insect populations I. The number of generations of some leafhopper species in Finland and Germany
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 3
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 7, Index, systematic and distributional tables
Abundance of Philaenus spumarius in relation to types of plant community in the Tvärminne archipelago, southern Finland
The Kaska Indians : an ethnographic reconstruction
Flatidae of New Guinea and adjacent areas (Homoptera: Fulgoroidea)
Frog-hoppers (Hom., Cercopidae) in strawberry plantations
Seasonal aspects of leafhopper (hom., Auchenorrhyncha) fauna in oats
We are our language : an ethnography of language revitalization in a Northern Athabascan community
Ecology and fluctuations in abundance of Megadelphax sordidula (Stål) (Hom., Delphacidae)
The leafhopper Delphacodes pellucida (F.) (Hom., Auchenorrhyncha) as the cause and distributor of the damage to oats in Finland
The effect of different sexes of the parasite Elenchus tenuicornis (Kirby) on the morphology of the adult Javesella pellucida (F.) (Hom., Delphacidae)
Herbivory in riparian buffers of agricultural landscapes in SW Finland
Dicranotropis hamata (Boh.) (Hom., Araeopidae) as a vector of cereal viruses in Finland
The effect of virus diseases transmitted by the leafhopper Javecella pellucida (F.) on the concentration of free amino acids in oats and on the reproduction of aphids
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 2
Two cereal virus diseases in Finland
Zikaden : Insecta: Hemiptera: Auchenorrhyncha = Leafhoppers, planthoppers and cicadas
The founder principle, genetic drift and selection in isolated populations of Philaenus spumarius (L.) (Homoptera)
The polymorphism of Philaenus spumarius (L.) (Homoptera) in Northern Italy
Factors determining the size and composition of island population of Philaenus spumarius (L.) (Hom.)
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 5
Calligypona obscurella (Boh.) : a new vector of the wheat striate mosaic and oat sterile-dwarf viruses
Studies on the ecology and phenology of the leafhoppers (Homoptera) of Raisio (S.W. Finland)
Biology of Dicranotropis hamata (Boh.) (Hom.,  Araeopidae)
Effect of feeding by Metadelphax propinqua (Fieber) (Homoptera, Delphacidae) on barley
Mesopolobus graminum (Hårdh) (Hym., Pteromalidae), its population dynamics and influence on Javesella pellucida (F.)
Revision of the Neotropical Deltocephalinae and some related subfamilies (Homoptera)
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Cicadellidae (Homoptera, Auchenorrhyncha) of Fiji
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 6
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 1
A monograph of oriental Cicadidæ. Part 4
Studies on the causes of the phytopathogenicity of Calligypona pellucida (F.) (Hom., Araeopidae)
Influence of species, sex, age and food on the accumulation of toxic cadmium and some essential metals in Auchenorrhychous Homoptera
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
