http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17758 tours
tours
Girl online : on tour
The Beatles in America : the stories, the scene, 50 years on
On the road with the Ramones
Performing arts management : a handbook of professional practices
Access all areas : a real world guide to gigging and touring
The Rolling thunder logbook
Some fun tonight! : the backstage story of how the Beatles rocked America : the historic tours of 1964-1966. Volume 1, 1964
"Oven breakers" : men's ritual visits during the season of Hallowmas and Christmas in Finnish-Karelian communities
Leonard Cohen : bird on a wire : Tony Palmer's classic film
Rock the Kasbah
On the road with Janis Joplin
Bob Dylan world tours 1966-1974 : through the camera of Barry Feinstein
Taking center stage : a lifetime of live performance : Neil Peart
Beatlemania! : the real story of the Beatles UK tours 1963.1965
A very hungry girl : how I filled up on life ... and how you can, too!
Nordic jewellery : ornament and sculpture
David Bowie's Serious Moonlight : The world tour
Eros in disguise : eroticism in mumming interaction
Follow the boys
Live shots
Dirty deeds : my life inside/outside of AC/DC
That thing you do!
The first American tour of the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra : eighty-fifth season 1967-1968
Modernism on stage : the Ballets Russes and the Parisian avant-garde
Joint marketing process for a new product
U2 Show
Garage to gigs : a musician's guide
U2 Rattle & hum : the official book of the U2 movie : A journey into the heartland of two Americas
The weed that strings the hangman's bag
The Haters
A road trip adventure about a trio of jazz-camp escapees who, against every realistic expectation, become a band. For Wes and Corey, jazz camp turns out to be lame. It's pretty much all dudes talking in Jazz Voice. But then they jam with Ash, a charismatic girl with an unusual sound, and the three just click. Ash makes a decision: they need to hit the road. Because the road, not summer camp, is where bands get good. Before Wes and Corey know it theyre in Ashs SUV heading south, and The Haters Summer of Hate Tour has begun.
Different country, same state : on the road with James Blunt
Some fun tonight! : the backstage story of how the Beatles rocked America : the historic tours of 1964-1966. Volume 2, 1965-1966
Celine through the eyes of the world
Live music as a tool of promotion : implementing a tour
The weed that strings the hangman's bag : a Flavia de Luce novel
Vehicle of spirit
Let it bleed : The Rolling Stones, Altamont, and the end of the sixties
Metallica : back to the front : a fully authorized visual history of the Master of puppets album and tour
At night we walk in circles
Madonna : sticky & sweet
Full fathom five : video field recordings 2007-2008
The Beatles : across the universe : John, Paul, George & Ringo on tour and on stage
Discoursing Finnish rock : articulations of identities in the Saimaa-ilmiö rock documentary
Around the world with Justin Bieber : true stories from beliebers everywhere
Thriller : the musical life of Michael Jackson
Melkein julkkis : untitled: the extended cut : 2 disc bootleg cut
Cool blues : Charlie Parker in Canada 1953
Chopin in Manchester
Concert lighting : techniques, art, and business
Raising hell on the rock'n'roll highway
The diary of Alicia Keys : a documentary film
Masks and mumming traditions in Finland and Karelia : an introductory survey
Masks and mumming traditions in Denmark : a survey
Bruce Springsteen : on tour 1968-2005
Fleetwood Mac : the definitive history
Rock 'n' roll hotels : sex, drugs, fluffy pillows
The sick bag song
The golden guide : marketing for touring
The tour book : how to get your music on the road
Neighbourhood threat : on tour with Iggy Pop
School provision for children of occupational travellers : report on the implementation of measures planned by the Council and the Ministers for Education 22 May 1989-89/C 153/01
On the traditions of the Martin mummers in Tartu
U2 : Rattle and hum
Travels with a Mexican circus
Up all night : the live tour
Slaying the tiger : how golf's young guns took over the sport
Sound bites : eating on tour with Franz Ferninand
Katy Perry : the movie : part of me
Structural and stress analysis
Shelter from the storm : Bob Dylan's Rolling Thunder years
LZ  - '75 : /the lost chronicles of Led Zeppelin's 1975 American tour
Rush : the illustrated history
Helmut Lotti : from Russia with love
Queen unseen : my life with the greatest rock band of the 20th century
Canon and beyond : Edward Fazer and the Imperial Russian Ballet 1908-1910
The rock bible : unholy scripture for fans & bands
The same but different
U2 at the end of the world
Abba : The treasures
The Rolling Thunder logbook
Country strong
Garage to gigs : a musician's guide / Andrew S. Thomas
Tjugondag Knut mumming on the Åland Islands, past and present
Catching fire
Circus world
Booking performance tours : marketing and acquiring live arts and entertainment
What goes on tour stays on tour
You can't always get what you want : my life with the Rolling Stones, the Grateful Dead and other wonderful reprobates
Girl Online : On Tour
The troupe
Oasis : what's the story?
The complete David Bowie
Changes in the St Knut's Day mumming in Äetsä, Finland
Iron Maiden on board : Flight 666
Concert tour production management : how to take your show on the road
Access All Areas: A Real World Guide to Gigging and Touring
