http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1774 free will
free will
Core questions in philosophy : a text with readings
My way : essays on moral responsibility
The metaphysics of free will : an essay on control
Free will : a very short introduction
"Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices - some of them trivial, and some so consequential that they may change the course of our life, or even the course of history. But are these choices really free? Or are we compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion? And if our choices are not free, why should we be held morally responsible for our actions?" -- (Oxford University Press)
Deep control : essays on free will and value
Rationality in action
Are we free? : psychology and free will
"The problem of free will arises from ordinary, commonsense reflection. Shaun Nichols examines these ordinary attitudes from a naturalistic perspective. He offers a psychological account of the origins of the problem of free will. According to his account the problem arises because of two naturally emerging ways of thinking about ourselves and the world, one of which makes determinism plausible while the other makes determinism implausible. Although contemporary cognitive science does not settle whether choices are determined, Nichols argues that our belief in indeterminist choice is grounded in faulty inference and should be regarded as unjustified. However, even if our belief in indeterminist choice is false, it's a further substantive question whether that means that free will doesn't exist. Nichols argues that, because of the flexibility of reference, there is no single answer to whether free will exists. In some contexts, it will be true to say 'free will exists'; in other contexts, it will be false to say that. With this substantive background in place, this book promotes a pragmatic approach to prescriptive issues. In some contexts, the prevailing practical considerations suggest that we should deny the existence of free will and moral responsibility; in other contexts the practical considerations suggest that we should affirm free will and moral responsibility. This allows for the possibility that in some contexts, it is morally apt to exact retributive punishment; in other contexts, it can be apt to take up the exonerating attitude of hard incompatibilism."--Jacket.
The Service is an internet-like system biologically hardwired into a person's brain. Most consider it essential to modern human life, but for Peter Chardin The Service is the source of a special type of anxiety. His own free will feels like an illusion, dictated by the algorithms of the program
Living without free will
The essence of human freedom : an introduction to philosophy
Free will and the brain : neuroscientific, philosophical, and legal perspectives
Emotion – an enemy within? : A moral philosophical study in the nature of out emotions
Toward an anthropology of the will
Laws, mind, and free will
The act of will : a guide to self-actualisation and self-realisation
This book aims to explore the meaning of salvation in Balthasar Hubmaier's theology. Previous research has tended to explain and evaluate his theology by locating his identity among contemporary Anabaptists. Moreover, Hubmaier's theology has been variously labeled as Catholic Anabaptist, Magisterial Anabaptist, or as a bridge between the Radical and Magisterial branches of the Reformation. These approaches to Hubmaier's theology essentially depend on a static and transactional perspective where the result comes from the cause. Such an approach cannot fully explain the distinctive features of Hubmaier's theology, because his theology had multiple rather than single influences. To understand Hubmaier's theology, we need to focus on his motive and purpose in writing rather than external influences. This volume attempts to explore a new understanding of Hubmaier's theology reflecting a necessary change in our paradigmatic methodologies. This fresh perspective helps us see that Hubmaier's theology was not static and transactional but dynamic and relational. As Hubmaier's main purpose was to give readers a proper understanding of soteriology, his writings were written from this perspective, concentrating on salvation. This volume aims to enable the reader to access this unique understanding of soteriology by examining his primary texts in three categories: free will, baptism, and the Lord's Supper. To understand Hubmaier's theology through a new methodology leads us to rethink the meaning of salvation.
Liberty worth the name : Locke on free agency
Ulysses unbound : studies in rationality, precommitment, and constraints
A metaphysics for the mob : the philosophy of George Berkeley
Imagination and reflection : intersubjectivity Fichte's Grundlage of 1794
Making sense of freedom and responsibility
The power of habit : why we do what we do in life and business
"Willing and killing" : a philosophical inquiry into the conditions and consequences of violenc
The mystery of being human : God, freedom and the NHS
Harmony
"Scientists have forged a penetrating, coherent course in the study of human thought and action. Yet some of the same scientists have slashed out an adjacent, rough-hewn path, cutting at the roots of the belief in free will and at the groundwork of relationships among the conscious will, the mind, and the brain. Claiming to disprove the existence of free will is not only wrongheaded, Mele argues, but harmful; research shows that people who don't believe they are free are more likely to behave badly, as they sink into feeling like they aren't responsible for their actions. Putting a positive spin on this, Mele conveys what he calls the 'good news' that we are freer than we think. If we see ourselves as morally responsible for our future actions, we can begin to view ourselves as having abilities and capacities that give us considerable control over what we do. Mele takes apart the findings of neuroscience and psychology experiments often cited as irrefutably disproving the existence of free will, for example those of Benjamin Libet, and demonstrates that their results have been misinterpreted. Mele explains why the experimental findings are actually consistent with our making many of our decisions consciously and with our having considerable control over many of our decisions and actions. In order to find truth and clarity on this crucial topic, Mele argues, philosophers, scientists, and psychologists alike need to explore one another's work rather than relying on scientific findings - and a rigid interpretation of those findings- as the only key to solving the complex puzzle that is free will"--
Practical perspective compatibilism
Paradoxes of free will
Moral appraisability : puzzles, proposals, and perplexities
A theory of freedom : from the psychology to the politics of agency
Freedom and destiny
The soul of the marionette : a short enquiry into human freedom
FlashForward
Free will, agency, and meaning in life
An essay on free will
The power of habit : why we do what we do and how to change
Reason without freedom : the problem of epistemic normativity
Free will and responsibility : a guide for practitioners
Emergent freedom : naturalizing free will
The freedom of the will
A contemporary introduction to free will
Balthasar Hubmaier's doctrine of salvation in dynamic and relational perspective
Time and free will : an essay on the immediate data of consciousness
Empire of bones
Moral responsibility : beyond free will and determinism
Aristotle and Augustine on freedom : two theories of freedom, voluntary action, and akrasia
Mind, brain, and free will
Chosen but free : [a balanced view of divine election]
Voluntary action : brains, minds, and sociality
The consequence argument : an essay on an argument for the incompatibility of free will and determinism
Freedom : political, metaphysical, negative and positive
Mind, Brain, and Free Will presents a powerful new case for substance dualism (the theory that humans consist of two parts body and soul) and for libertarian free will (that humans have some freedom to choose between alternatives, independently of the causes which influence them). Richard Swinburne begins by analysing the criteria for one event or substance being the same event or substance as another one, and the criteria for an event being metaphysically possible; and then goes on to analyse the criteria for beliefs about these issues being rational or justified. Given these criteria, he then proceeds to argue that pure mental events (including conscious events) are distinct from physical events and interact with them. He claims that no result from neuroscience or any other science could show that there is no such interaction, and illustrates this claim by showing that recent scientific work (such as Libet's experiments) has no tendency whatever to show that our intentions do not cause brain events. Swinburne goes on to argue for agent causation, that-to speak precisely-it is we, and not our intentions, that cause our brain events. It is metaphysically possible that each of us could acquire a new brain or continue to exist without a brain; and so we are essentially souls. Brain events and conscious events are so different from each other that it would not be possible to establish a scientific theory which would predict what each of us would do in situations of moral conflict. Hence given a crucial epistemological principle (the Principle of Credulity), we should believe that things are as they seem to be: that we make choices independently of the causes which influence us. According to Swinburne's lucid and ambitious account, it follows that we are morally responsible for our actions.
The dilemma of freedom and foreknowledge
Free will
Descartes' deontological turn : reason, will, and virtue in the later writings
Four views on free will
Necessity, cause and blame : perspectives on Aristotle's theory
Rationality + consciousness = free will
Free will and the nature of addiction
Freedom regained : the possibility of free will
Choosing character : responsibility for virtue and vice
Downward causation and the neurobiology of free will. Understanding complex systems
Distributed cognition and the will : individual volition and social context
Conscious will and responsibility
"Does free will exist? The question has fueled heated debates spanning from philosophy to psychology and religion. The answer has major implications, and the stakes are high. To put it in the simple terms that have come to dominate these debates, if we are free to make our own decisions, we are accountable for what we do, and if we aren't free, we're off the hook. There are neuroscientists who claim that our decisions are made unconsciously and are therefore outside of our control and social psychologists who argue that myriad imperceptible factors influence even our minor decisions to the extent that there is no room for free will. According to philosopher Alfred R. Mele, what they point to as hard and fast evidence that free will cannot exist actually leaves much room for doubt. If we look more closely at the major experiments that free will deniers cite, we can see large gaps where the light of possibility shines through. In Free: Why Science Hasn't Disproved Free Will, Mele lays out his opponents' experiments simply and clearly, and proceeds to debunk their supposed findings, one by one, explaining how the experiments don't provide the solid evidence for which they have been touted. There is powerful evidence that conscious decisions play an important role in our lives, and knowledge about situational influences can allow people to respond to those influences rationally rather than with blind obedience. Mele also explores the meaning and ramifications of free will. What, exactly, does it mean to have free will -- is it a state of our soul, or an undefinable openness to alternative decisions? Is it something natural and practical that is closely tied to moral responsibility? Since evidence suggests that denying the existence of free will actually encourages bad behavior, we have a duty to give it a fair chance"--
Free Will is the ideal introduction to the topic and will be a valuable resource for scholars and students seeking to understand the importance and relevance of the concept for contemporary philosophy. --Book Jacket.
Freedom and reflection : Hegel and the logic of agency
Building better beings : a theory of moral responsibility
Oxford studies in agency and responsibility. Volume 2, 'Freedom and resentment' at 50
Freedom and belief
Freedom and nature : the voluntary and the involuntary
Middle knowledge : theory and applications
Weakness of will from Plato to the present
Did my genes make me do it? : and other philosophical dilemmas
Kant actively struggles with the problem of how to conceive of God's creative action in relation to human freedom. He comes to the view that human freedom can only be protected if God withdraws in certain ways from the created world. The two pillars of Kant's mature philosophy - transcendental idealism and freedom - are in part shaped and motivated by Kant's need to provide a solution to his theological problem. The medieval and early modern theological tradition conceives of divine action as unlike the action of any created being. When the creature acts, God directly causes this action, but without reducing the creature's freedom. Kant explicitly discusses and rejects this account of divine and human concursus. This rejection has significant and surprising ramifications for Kant's wider philosophy, explaining otherwise incomprehensible claims in his critical philosophy. Christopher J. Insole presents a definitive study in the history of ideas, engaging with a wide range of Kant's texts from 1749 until the early 1800s. Many of these texts have received little or no attention in Kant studies to date. Insole places Kant's thought in relation to numerous historical and traditional positions and illuminates these positions by a close engagement with recent debates in analytical philosophy and systematic theology. Kant is unrelentingly honest when grappling with the difficulty of relating divine and human freedom. This study, of Kant's theological struggle and legacy, goes to the heart of the problem in the modern reception of what the Christian tradition has affirmed about human freedom. As such, the book throws light on one of the defining fault-lines in modern theology and philosophy.
Willing and unwilling : a study in the philosophy of Arthur Schopenhauer
Neurophilosophy of free will : from libertarian illusions to a concept of natural autonomy
A free will : origins of the notion in ancient thought
Kant and the creation of freedom : a theological problem
Free will : a guide for the perplexed
Libertarian free will : contemporary debates
Essays on free will and moral responsibility
Tractatus theologico-politicus
Willpower : rediscovering the greatest human strength
Free will and reactive attitudes : perspectives on P. F. Strawson's Freedom and resentment
This book is situated within the realm of theological engagement with the sciences with a particular focus on how the nature of ethics is understood through this dialogue. Its purpose is to provide a theological appreciation of the nature of ethics which also takes seriously evolutionary accounts of how ethics came to be. it argues that such a theological metaethic can be interpreted as hopeful and optimistic given the apparent evolution of the moral from the amoral. This work hinges on two different but intertwined levels. One is the level of ethical systems: a particular understanding of Western Christian ethics. This level is framed by another, broader level of metaethics: an overarching understanding of the character of ethics that emerges from reflections on evolutionary theory and its naturalistic context.
Merit, meaning, and human bondage : an essay on free will
Social constraints and the free will : life course and vocational career
Current controversies in experimental philosophy
The human image and postmodern America
Human nature and the limits of science
Touching a nerve : the self as brain
Intuition pumps and other tools for thinking
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Freedom and resentment and other essays
A dialogue on free will and science
Effective intentions : the power of conscious will
Bound : essays on free will and responsibility
Free will and moral responsibility
The importance of what we care about : philosophical essays
In this enlightening book, Sam Harris argues that free will is an illusion but that this truth should not undermine morality or diminish the importance of social and political freedom; indeed, this truth can and should change the way we think about some of the most important questions in life.
Neuroscientific evidence has educated us in the ways in which the brain mediates our thought and behavior and, therefore, forced us to critically examine how we conceive of free will. This volume, featuring contributions from an international and interdisciplinary group of distinguished researchers and scholars, explores how our increasing knowledge of the brain can elucidate the concept of the will and whether or to what extent it is free. It also examines how brain science can inform our normative judgments of moral and criminal responsibility for our actions. Some chapters point out the different respects in which mental disorders can compromise the will and others show how different forms of neuromodulation can reveal the neural underpinning of the mental capacities associated with the will and can restore or enhance them when they are impaired
Causes, laws, and free will : why determinism doesn't matter
Moral responsibility : the ways of scepticism
Beyond humanism : the flourishing of life, self and other
Free will as an open scientific problem
Free : why science hasn't disproved free will
These are just some of the questions considered by Joseph Keim Campbell in this lively and accessible introduction to the concept of free will. Using a range of engaging examples, the book introduces the problems, arguments, and theories surrounding free will. Beginning with a discussion of fatalism, foreknowledge, and causal determinism, the book goes on to focus on the metaphysics of moral responsibility, free will skepticism, and skepticism about moral responsibility. Campbell shows that no matter how we look at it, free will is problematic. Thankfully there are a plethora of solutions on offer and the best of these are considered in full in the final chapter on contemporary theories of free will. This chapter includes a rigorous account of libertarianism and compatibilism as well as more nuanced views like revisionism and naturalism. --Book Jacket.
Middle knowledge
Thinking with Whitehead : a free and wild creation of concepts
Moral psychology. Vol. 4, Free will and moral responsibility
Evolution of hope : theological metaethics in the context of evolution
A user's manual for the Volitional questionnaire : version 4.0
