http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1775 will (mental qualities)
will (mental qualities)
The will and human action : from antiquity to the present day
My way : essays on moral responsibility
Weakness of will
In this enlightening book, Sam Harris argues that free will is an illusion but that this truth should not undermine morality or diminish the importance of social and political freedom; indeed, this truth can and should change the way we think about some of the most important questions in life.
Freedom of choice : concept and content
The psychology of individual differences. Vol. 3, Cognition, emotion and conation
Action, knowledge, and will
The will to power : selections from the notebooks of the 1880s
Free will and the nature of addiction
The non-reality of free will
Weakness of will: the plurality of medieval explanations
Are we free? : psychology and free will
Richard Hooker and reformed theology : a study of reason, will, and grace
Virtues of the will : the transformation of ethics in the late thirteenth century
Humanism : philosophical essays
Psychology and the Promethean will : a constructive study of the acute common problem of education, medicine and religion
The captivation of the will : Luther vs. Erasmus on freedom and bondage
The Service is an internet-like system biologically hardwired into a person's brain. Most consider it essential to modern human life, but for Peter Chardin The Service is the source of a special type of anxiety. His own free will feels like an illusion, dictated by the algorithms of the program
Self-consciousness and self-determination
Science as a spiritual practice
Action, decision, and intention : studies in the foundations of action theory as an approach to understanding rationality and decision
A user's manual for the volitional questionnaire : (version 4.1)
Voluntary action : brains, minds, and sociality
Devising liberty : preserving and creating freedom in the new american republic
Will and economic behavior : [papers read at the international symposium organized in Stockholm, April 1-3, 1993]
Nietzsche's epic of the soul : Thus spoke Zarathustra
"Every day we seem to make and act upon all kinds of free choices - some of them trivial, and some so consequential that they may change the course of our life, or even the course of history. But are these choices really free? Or are we compelled to act the way we do by factors beyond our control? Is the feeling that we could have made different decisions just an illusion? And if our choices are not free, why should we be held morally responsible for our actions?" -- (Oxford University Press)
The soul of the marionette : a short enquiry into human freedom
Self and world in Schopenhauer's philosophy
Free will and responsibility : a guide for practitioners
"Ernest Sosa extends his distinctive approach to epistemology, intertwining issues concerning the role of the will in judgment and belief with issues of epistemic evaluation. Questions about skepticism and the nature of knowledge are at the forefront. The answers defended are new in their explicit and sustained focus on judgment and epistemic agency. While noting that human knowledge trades on distinctive psychological capacities, Sosa also emphasizes the role of the social in human knowledge. Basic animal knowledge is supplemented by a level of reflective knowledge focused on judgment, and a level of 'knowing full well' that is distinctive of the animal that is rational"--
The best of intentions
Willpower : rediscovering the greatest human strength
A free will : origins of the notion in ancient thought
What is the difference between the movements in our bodies we cause personally ourselves, such as the movements of our legs or our lips when we walk or speak, and the movements we do not cause personally, such as the contraction of the heart? Is an act that is done under duress done voluntarily, out of choice? Should duress exculpate a defendant completely, or should it merely mitigate the criminality of an act? When we explain an intentional act by stating our reasons for doing it, do we explain it causally or teleologically, or both? Should we care whether our choices are guided by knowledge or mere true belief? In this book, John Hyman explores these and other central problems in the philosophy of action and the theory of knowledge, and connects these areas of enquiry in a new way. The main premise of the book is that human action has four irreducibly different dimensions, each with its own family of concepts: - a physical dimension, in which the principal concepts are those of agent, power, and causation; a psychological dimension, with the concepts of desire, aim, and intention; an ethical dimension, with the concepts of voluntariness and choice; an intellectual dimension, with the concepts of reason, knowledge, and belief. Studying each of these dimensions of human action separately yields a string of original results, culminating in a new analysis of the relationship between knowledge and rational behaviour, which provides the foundation for a new theory of knowledge itself.
The Purpose driven life : what an earth am I here for?
The will : a dual aspect theory
The metaphysics of free will : an essay on control
The relationship between the physical and the moral in man
Neuroscientific evidence has educated us in the ways in which the brain mediates our thought and behavior and, therefore, forced us to critically examine how we conceive of free will. This volume, featuring contributions from an international and interdisciplinary group of distinguished researchers and scholars, explores how our increasing knowledge of the brain can elucidate the concept of the will and whether or to what extent it is free. It also examines how brain science can inform our normative judgments of moral and criminal responsibility for our actions. Some chapters point out the different respects in which mental disorders can compromise the will and others show how different forms of neuromodulation can reveal the neural underpinning of the mental capacities associated with the will and can restore or enhance them when they are impaired
Heidegger and the will : on the way to Gelassenheit
The will : a dual aspect theory. 2
Freedom and belief
A theory of freedom : from the psychology to the politics of agency
The freedom of the will
Paradoxes of free will
The mystery of being human : God, freedom and the NHS
Libertarian free will : contemporary debates
Judgment and agency
The will : a dual aspect theory. 1
True and false intentions : mental images of the future
"Willing and killing" : a philosophical inquiry into the conditions and consequences of violenc
Reason and religious faith
Four views on free will
Willing and unwilling : a study in the philosophy of Arthur Schopenhauer
Man as a moral agent in Aristotle
The psychology of strength
The works of agency : on human action, will, and freedom
Change, intervention and consequence : an exploration of the process of intended change
Descartes' deontological turn : reason, will, and virtue in the later writings
The role of the body in Nietzsche's philosophy
The Will to Power contains some of Nietzsche's most fascinating and combative writings on nihilism, metaphysics and the future of Europe. Assembled by Nietzsche's sister after his death, The Will to Power is a collection of the philosopher's reflections and theories taken from his unpublished notebooks. Covering topics such as nihilism, Christianity, morality and the famous 'will to power', the book was controversially presented as Nietzsche's all-but-completed magnum opus containing his philosophical system. Including some of his most interesting metaphysical and epistemological thoughts, as well as some of his most disturbing ethical and political comments, the book would prove to have a significant influence on Nietzsche's contentious reception in the twentieth century.
Hegel's concept of action
Willpower : the owner̕ s manual : 12 tools for doing the right thing
Human will : the search for its physical basis
Free will as an open scientific problem
Limits and renewals. Vol. 2, A parliament of souls
Reason without freedom : the problem of epistemic normativity
Living without why : Meister Eckhart's critique of the medieval concept of will
Chosen but free : [a balanced view of divine election]
Schopenhauer on the character of the world : the metaphysics of will
Harmony
Naturalizing intention in action
Practical reasoning
The human image and postmodern America
Action, emotion and will
A contemporary introduction to free will
The world as will and representation. Volume 1
The use of coercion in the Finnish civil psychiatric inpatients:a part of the Nordic project Paternalism and Autonomy
Summary.
Lying, despair, jealousy, envy, sex, suicide, drugs, and the good life
Explanation of human actions
The world as will and representation. Volume 2
Intuition pumps and other tools for thinking
Unlimited : how to build an exceptional life
A user's manual for remotivation process : progressive intervention for individuals with severe volitional challenges
Beyond nihilism : Nietzsche without masks
Elbow room : the varieties of free will worth wanting
Backsliding : understanding weakness of will
A User's guide to the pediatric volitional questionnaire : (version 1.0)
Prince Charmless
Will there be free will in heaven? : freedom, impeccability, and beatitude
Free will and the brain : neuroscientific, philosophical, and legal perspectives
Freedom regained : the possibility of free will
A user's manual for Remotivation process : progressive intervention for individuals with severe volitional challenges : version 1.0
Human motivation : a book of readings
Necessity, cause and blame : perspectives on Aristotle's theory
Wicked : the life and times of the wicked witch of the West
Free will : a very short introduction
Nietzsche and the shadow of God
Cult of the will : nervousness and German modernity
The life of the mind. 2, Willing
Deliberation of self-improvement in Leibniz
Effective intentions : the power of conscious will
The act of will : a guide to self-actualisation and self-realisation
Autonomous agents : from self-control to autonomy
Nag club
Weakness of the will in medieval thought : from Augustine to Buridan
Nietzsche : an introduction
Free will
The purpose driven life : what on earth am i here for?
Eros in Plato, Rousseau, and Nietzsche : the politics of infinity
The importance of what we care about : philosophical essays
Freedom and determinism
Themes in Hume : the self, the will, religion
Weakness of will in Spinoza's theory of human motivation
Weakness of will in renaissance and reformation thought
The life of the mind
Freedom and nature : the voluntary and the involuntary
A user's manual for the Volitional questionnaire : version 4.0
Merit, meaning, and human bondage : an essay on free will
Threads of life : autobiography and the will
Schopenhauer : a consistent reading
Toward an anthropology of the will
You can change your life : easy steps to getting what you want
Open minds : the social making of agency and intentionality
A User's manual for the pediatric volitional questionnaire : (version 2.1)
The psychology of freedom
Living without free will
Psy-Q : test your psychological intelligence
An essay on free will
