http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17763 missiles
missiles
The illustrated encyclopedia of the world's rockets & missiles
The chemical weapons convention and arms control in the Middle East
Transparency in international arms transfers
Artillery, missiles & military transport of the 20th century
Whither Iran? : reform, domestic politics and national security
Access to outer space technologies : implications for international security
German military reform and European security
Modeling and on-line solution of air combat optimization problems and games
Rockets and missiles : the life story of a technology
The last decade of the Cold War : from conflict escalation to conflict transformation
Aircraft 2000 : the future of aerospace technology
Armored firepower
Naval firepower
The Air force museum
The new nuclear rules : strategy and arms control after INF and START
Missile development and its impact on global security
Navy trains its sights on the future : aiming for a high-performance armed service
Cold War : building for nuclear confrontation, 1946-1989
On western terrorism : from Hiroshima to drone warfare
ABM : an evaluation of the decision to deploy an antiballistic missile system
Verification of arms reductions : nuclear, conventional and chemical
Missiles for the Fatherland tells the story of the scientists and engineers who built the V-2 missile in Hitler's Germany. This is the first scholarly history of the culture and society that underpinned missile development at Germany's secret missile base at Peenemunde. Using mainly primary source documents and publicly available oral history interviews, Michael Petersen examines the lives of the men and women who worked at Peenemunde and later at the underground slave labor complex called Mittelbau-Dora, where concentration camp prisoners mass-produced the V-2. His research reveals a complex interaction of professional ambition, internal cultural dynamics, military pressure, and political coercion, which coalesced in daily life at the facility. The interaction of these forces made the rapid development of the V-2 possible but also contributed to an environment in which stunning brutality could be committed against the concentration camp prisoners who manufactured the missile.
Missiles for the fatherland : Peenemünde, national socialism, and the V-2 missile
Bureaucratic politics and weapons acquisition : the case of the MX ICBM program : (in two volumes)
Conclusions (s. 179-202).
Nuke collection : its a boy! / catalogue realization : Peter Andersson, Anne Lise Stenseth
Executive summary (s. 1-11)
Bases abroad : the global foreign military presence
Detail & Scale 40 : U.S. Aircraft & Armament of Operation Desert Storm. 40
Land forces of the world
Agreement now on elimination of Soviet and US intermediate-range missiles in Europe
Drones and unmanned aerial systems : legal and social implications for security and surveillance
Assessing ballistic missile proliferation and its control
The Russian operational-tactical Iskander missile-system
The strategic defense initiative
Space weapons : deterrence or delusion?
Anglo-russkij slovar' po protivoraketnoj i protivokosmičeskoj oborone : okolo 25 000 terminov = English-Russian dictionary of antimissille & antisatellite defense : about 25 000 terms
Nuclear competition in South Asia and U.S. policy
Jane's all the world's aircraft. 1996-97
V1 : the flying bomb
Averting 'the final failure' : John F. Kennedy and the secret Cuban Missile Crisis meetings
Deterrence and arms control : American and West German perspectives on INF
This book tackles the regulatory issues of Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) or Remotely-Piloted Aerial Systems (RPAS), which have profound consequences for privacy, security and other fundamental liberties. Collectively known as "drones," they were initially deployed for military purposes: reconnaissance, surveillance and extrajudicial executions. Today, we are witnessing a growth of their use into the civilian and humanitarian domain. They are increasingly used for goals as diverse as news gathering, aerial inspection of oil refinery flare stacks, mapping of the Amazonian rain-forest, crop spraying and search and rescue operations. The civil use of drones is becoming a reality in the European Union and in the US.The drone revolution may be a new technological revolution. Proliferation of the next generation of "recreational" drones show how drones will be sold as any other consumer item. The cultural perception of the technology is shifting, as drones are increasingly being used for humanitarian activities, on one hand, but they can also firmly be situated in the prevailing modes of postmodern governance on the other hand. This work will be of interest to researchers in Criminology and Criminal Justice interested in issues related to surveillance, security, privacy, and technology. It will also provide a criminological background for related legal issues, such as privacy law, aviation law, international criminal law, and comparative law.
V2 : dawn of the rocket age
Disunited states
The directory of the world's weapons
Naval weapons of World War Two
Scud Ballistic Missile and Launch Systems 1955-2005 (02/06) (NVG 120)
The Russian operational-tactical Iskander missile system
Why ABM? : policy issues in the missile defense controversy
B-17 Flying fortress in detail & in scale : part 1
Artillery and missiles
Extended deterrence : the United States and NATO Europe
The missile defense controversy : strategy, technology, and politics, 1955-1972
The Polaris system development : bureaucratic and programmatic success in government
Command and control
Normalizing Japan : politics, identity, and the evolution of security practice
Eye in the sky
Ballistic-missile defence and strategic stability
NATO in the first decade after the Cold War
A low-visibility force multiplier : assessing China's cruise missile ambitions
The Coming of the Space Age : Famous Accounts of Man's Probing of the Universe
Constructing national interests : the United States and the Cuban missile crisis
New global dangers : changing dimensions of international security
Tiger's claw
Bad luck and trouble
Tom Clancy's full force and effect
The UN inspections in Iraq : lessons for on-site verification
Increasing security, but avoiding a security dilemma : perspectives on the U.S. ballistic missile defence in Europe
Cruise missile profiliteration in the 1990s
Chemical weapons & missile proliferation : with implications for the Asia/Pacific region
Finnish navy upgrading its fleet
Strategy and international politics : essays in memory of Werner Kaltefleiter
Russia, the US and the missile technology control regime
Rockets and spacecraft
Verification problems of the Washington Treaty on the Elimination of Intermediate-range Missiles
The week the world stood still : inside the secret Cuban Missile Crisis
Red sam : The SA-2 Guidelin Anti-Aircraft Missle
World Encyclopaedia of Modern Air Weapons
Cruise missiles : technology, strategy, politics
A disarmament agenda for the twenty-first century : UN-China Disarmament Conference, Beijing, China 2-4 April 2002.
Missile defence, deterrence and arms control : contradictory aims or compatible goals?
Air forces of the world
Neither Star Wars nor sanctuary : constraining the military uses of space
The nuclear dilemma in American strategic thought
The star wars controversy
Encyclopaedia of Modern Aircraft Armament
The Euromissile crisis and the end of the Cold War
The lessons and non-lessons of the air and missile campaign in Kosovo
Dealing with the threat of cruise missiles
Brassey's world aircraft & systems directory. 1996/97
Building Hitler's missiles : traces of history in Peenemünde
Conclusion (s. 195-220).
The Camel Club
The limits of coercive diplomacy : Laos, Cuba, Vietnam
