http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17873 submarines
submarines
Dive! Dive! Dive! : three of the best submarine commando comic book adventures
Silent hunter 4 : wolves of the Pacific
Scorpion down : sunk by the soviets, buried by the Pentagon: the untold story of the USS Scorpion
Submarine engineering : ways and means by the Lake system
Oceanology : the true account of the voyage of the Nautilus by Zoticus de Lesseps, 1863
Polar shift : a novel from the NUMA® files
Modern Sub Hunters : The weapons, Technology and Techniques Used in Today's Submarine Warfare
Twenty-first century submarines and warships
Submarines, mines and torpedoes in the war
Twenty trillion leagues under the sea
Naval firepower
Black wind
The abyss
Famous fighting ships
U-boat war
The year is 2048. You are part of a team of elite officers in command of a state-of-the-art submarine. The hunt has begun. Your mission is simple: seek and destroy the enemy submarine. To beat the enemy, you must cooperate with your teammates. Only the team who best communicates and works together will survive the encounter...
Submarine warfare : monsters & midgets
The British submarine
Submarines : war beneath the waves from 1776 to the present day
Gallipoli : attack from the sea
Modern aids to safe navigation
Infernal machines : the story of confederate submarine and mine warfare
Grey wolves
Fire at sea : the tragedy of the Soviet Submarine Komsomolets
Modern submarines
Blind man's bluff : the untold story of Cold War submarine espionage
See inside ships
Nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarine
The hunt for red october
When a confrontation between a radical environmentalist group and a Danish cruiser erupts, Kurt Austin, leader of NUMA's Special Assignment Team is forced to rescue a shipful of trapped men. / WorldCat.
Ship spotter's guide
The illustrated encyclopedia of weapons of World War I : a comprehensive guide to weapons systems, including tanks, small arms, warplanes, artillery, ships and submarines
Kurt Austin puts the NUMAA team on a case involving a hideous series of medical experiments, an extraordinarily ambitious Chinese criminal organization, and a secret new virus that threatens to set off a worldwide pandemic / WorldCat.
Ottoline at sea
Captain Sonar
Hunter killers : the dramatic untold story of the Royal Navy's most secret service
War machines : sea
A time to die : the untold story of the Kursk tragedy
The Treasure of Captain Claw
An Illustrated Guide to Modern Submarines : The undersea weapons that rule the oceans today
Amazing animals ; ocean odyssey
Twenty thousand leagues under the sea
Sota merellä ; Submarine special = War at sea ; Submarine special
Ships and submarines
A submariner's story : the memoirs of a submarine engineer in peace and in war
An illustrated data guide to submarines of world war II
"I.D." : new tales of the submarine war
Nemo : river of ghosts
Warships
Ready for sea
The submarine
THE ILLUSTRATED DIRECTORY OF SUBMARINES OF THE WORLD
USS Housatonic site assessment
In Oceanos, play as expedition captain and plunge into the ocean depths aboard your submarine. Collect surprising animal species, discover the biggest coral reefs, and gather forgotten treasure with the help of your scuba divers. Don't forget to upgrade your submarine during the trip if you want to take all of your discoveries back to shore. Most importantly, beware the Kraken's curse!
On the beach
The conquest of the ocean : the illustrated history of seafaring
Concepts in submarine design
Undersea machines
Submarines of World War Two
Wolfpack : U-boats at war 1939-1945
Lost subs : from the Hunley to the Kursk, the greatest submarines ever lost - and found
Submarines of World War II
The Sea Wolves
Submarines in arctic waters : (memoirs)
Ice station Zebra
U-boat : 1936-45 (Type VIIA, B, C and Type VIIC/41) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the design, construction and operation of the most feared German U-boat of the Second World War
Safety of tourist submersibles
Emergency vehicles
The world's great submarines
Allied submarine attacks of World War Two : European theatre of operations 1939-1945
Submarines of the world
Jane's fighting ships 1986-87 : the standard reference of the world's navies
The illustrated directory of submarines of the world
Where eagles dare ; Ice station Zebra
The illustrated history of the submarine
War beneath the sea : submarine conflict during World War 1939-1945
Summary in English: The submarine Vesikko : the first and the last U-Boot Type II.
Abe Sapien : the devil does not jest and other stories
Night raider of the Atlantic : the saga of the U-99
My mystery ships
Introduction to naval architecture
Plunge into the pirate pool
Blind man's bluff : the untold story of American submarine espionage
A time to die : the Kursk disaster
An illustrated guide to modern sub hunters
Nautilus : the story of man under the sea
White death : a Kurt Austin adventure, a novel from the NUMA® files
A demonstration of the diving engine : its invention and various uses
On the water
Cold war submarines : the design and construction of U.S. and Soviet submarines
Submarines : leviathans of the deep
The story of the submarine
Modern warships and submarines
Seizing the enigma : the race to break the German U-boat codes, 1939-1943
Medusa : a novel from the NUMA® files
The Hunters : German u-boats at war, 1939-43
Jane's submarines : war beneaths the waves
World encyclopedia of submarines
The Battle of the River Plate
The troubled man
Submarines of the world : 300 of the world's best submarines
Twenty-first century submarines : undersea vessels of today's navies
Jane's Warsaw pact warships handbook
Marine control systems : guidance, navigation and control of ships, rigs and underwater vehicles
History of warships : from ancient times to the twenty-first century
Cry from the deep : the submarine disaster that riveted the world and put the new Russia to the ultimate test
Leviathan : an Event Group adventure
Naval weapons systems and the contemporary law of war
SUBMARINES OF THE WORLD
The spy
A higher form of killing : six weeks in World War I that forever changed the nature of warfare forever
An anti-globalization activist learns how to artificially trigger a polar shift. He plans to use the event to jolt industrialized nations into corrective action. Unfortunately, unless NUMA Special Assignment Team can stop him, his "wake-up call" could annihilate the entire population of the world / WorldCat.
The mammoth book of the deep : over 30 true stories of danger and adventure under the sea
Patrol Aircraft vs. Submarine. 4
James Cameron's deepsea challenge (3D)
Modern U.S. Navy submarines
United States navy patches : submarines
Motion dynamics of subsea vehicles
Submarines : the illustrated history
Dead wake : the last crossing of the Lusitania
