http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17871 classical period (music)
classical period (music)
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 7 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 54-60
Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven : studies in the music of the classical period : essays in honour of Alan Tyson
The Chamber music of Beethoven
Anthology of classical music
That's easy!. Viennese waltzes for alto saxophone
The great Haydn quartets : their interpretation
Joseph Haydn : an essential guide to his life and works
Beethoven's symphonies : a guided tour
Five symphonies for piano four hands : nos. 35, 36, 38, 40 and 41 ("Jupiter")
Classics to moderns 2 / ed. agay.-yorktown music
Classics to moderns. 3.
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions. Vol. 9, Guitar duets: opus numbers 34-63. Second guitar part
The world of baroque & classical musical instruments
Classics to moderns 1
The story of music : from antiquity to the present
Sacred duets for all : From the renaissance to the romantic periods : Altosaxophone [Eb sax/clarinets]
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 6 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 44-52
Beethoven : the composer as hero
Classical music : the era of Haydn, Mozart, and Beethoven
Dances : for piano
Symphony no. 3 in E-flat major, op. 55 : Eroica = Héroïque
Six masses : In full score
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 3 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 17-25
The complete works for lute and strings
A performer's guide to music of the classical period
Beethoven : the composer as a hero
Mission Mozart : a documentary about making music
Beethoven the pianist : biographical, organological and performance-practical aspects of his years as a public performer
Mozart's early operas
The complete operas of Mozart : a critical guide
Handel, Haydn and the Viennese classical style
Shorter works for pianoforte solo
The classics
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 4 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 26-32
Mozart and his operas
Complete piano sonatas. Volume 2, Hoboken Nos. 30-52
Getting the most out of Mozart : the vocal works
Stücke aus dem Nannerl-Notenbuch : Pieces from the Nannerl music book = Pièces du cahier de musique de Nannerl
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 1 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 1-9
Succeeding with the masters : Classical era. Volume one, A guide to practicing and performing the works of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven
Symphony No 29 : K. 201
Beethoven : the sonatas for piano and violin : thoughts on their interpretation
Mozart, Haydn and early Beethoven 1781-1802
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions ; edited with notes and commentaries by Brian Jeffery : Volume 5 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 33-43
Exploring Haydn : a listener's guide to music's boldest innovator
Analysis through composition : principles of the classical style
Masterpieces of piano music
The Creation
Symphonies nos 1 and 7 = Sinfonien nr. 1 und 7.
Music for violin & piano
The life and times of beethoven
Analyzing classical form : an approach for the classroom
Spain : a musician's journey through time and space. Volume I
Classics to moderns. 1
The Oxford history of western music. Volume 2, Music in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries
Die Schöpfung : The creation
Symphony no. 101 in D, "Clock"
Early symphonies
Mozart's letters, Mozart's life : selected letters
Complete piano sonatas : in two volumes
The classical style : Haydn, Mozart, Beethoven
Beethoven's mystical vision
Symphony No.40 in G Minor K550
Later symphonies : (nos. 35-41) in full score
The complete works for guitar in facsimiles of the original editions : Volume 2 : Guitar solos : opus numbers 10-16 and works witout opus numbers
From Ganges' beauteous strands : voice, clarinet & piano
Beethoven : the man revealed
