http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17867 computer-assisted teaching
computer-assisted teaching
The computing teacher
Globalized e-learning cultural challenges
Does the literate game help 3rd and 4th grade Zambian children learn how to read
Fabrication of (Ni[sub 3] + SiC) composite coatings by partial mechanical alloying and reactive thermal spraying
Microcomputers and education
Introducing computer assisted learning
Guided discovery tutoring : a framework for ICAI research
National policies that connect ICT-based education reform to economic and social development
The computer in the school : tutor, tool, tutee
Quality issues in ICT-based higher education
Collaborative screen capture video based learning in information systems science
Documenting learning with ePortfolios
Increasing beneficial interactions in a computer-supported collaborative environment
Integrated e-learning : implications for pedagogy, technology and organization
"This book's purpose is to inform educators and instructional designers of issues and cultural misunderstandings that could hinder the effective transfer of knowledge when e-learning is exported to other cultures. Addressing these cultural challenges will enhance the effectiveness of e-learning, thereby supporting the societal benefits of increased access to education at a global level"--Provided by publisher.
Swedish summary.
Virtuality and digital nomadism : an introduction to the LIVE Project (1997-2000)
A connectionist tutoring system
Linguistics, computers, and the language teacher : a communicative approach
Teaching with computers : a new menu for the '90s
Schoolworlds/Microworlds : computers and the culture of the classroom
An experimental study to compare the effectiveness of a regular classroom reading program to a regular classroom reading program with a computer-assisted instruction program in reading comprehension skills in gvades two through four
World yearbook of education. 1982/83 : Computers and education
Personal computers for distance education : the study of an educational innovation
E-learning activities are likely to grow significantly and the area has potential to generate more possibilities for both teachers and students especially in higher education. It creates alternative ways to partake, tutor and utilize new learning environment. In this paper we present our on-going work on exploring current usage and attitudes towards using eLearning technologies in teaching. The aim was to investigate advantages, challenges and needs for support among teachers in higher education. In our case, focus was to concentrate on distance learning more than e-learning in general.  The results show that the perceived advantages of distance learning were dominated by independence concerning of time, place, flexibility and individual options. Distance learning was seen flexible and enhancing of students' freedom of their own studies. More surprisingly distance learning was perceived more activating than traditional learning increasing presence, participation and both communal and individual learning. In addition the results revealed that there is emerging need for building deeper understanding of challenges faced by teachers utilizing distance learning. It is important to take into account that continuous and relevant training, peer support for educators are key factors in order to increase usage of eLearning methods. It requires also more straightforward tools and services to support learning gains and enhance usage of distance learning in higher education.
In search for the conceptual origin of university students' community in a confluence of on- and offline learning environments / ethnographies in technology-rich, multi-sited fields of study
The elements of CAL
Computers as cognitive tools
Social media in the middle of nowhere : NBE 2011 Conference
Researching and developing Swedkid : a Swedish case study at the intersection of the web, racism and education
Low-educated second language and literacy acquisition : proceedings of the 8th symposium
Educational technology : the development of a concept
Computers and language learning : current theory and practice
Re-thinking active learning 8-16
In recent years, technological advancements have enabled higher-learning institutions to offer millions of independent learners the opportunity to participate in open-access online courses. As this practice expands, drawing considerable media attention, questions continue to arise regarding pedagogical methodology and the long-term viability of open learning. Furthering Higher Education Possibilities through Massive Open Online Courses seeks to provide a space for discussion of MOOCs: what they mean for the learning process, how they are redefining the concept of a classroom, and what effects they may have on the role of teachers. Featuring emerging research on a variety of topics relating to distance education, informal learning, as well as educational costs and funding, this book is aimed at teachers, administrators, business professionals, and designers of both curricular resources and e-classroom technology.
Nucleus model for designing social mindtools : woven stories
Virtual University VU'06 : proceedings 7th international conference
It's english : Accessing English with computers
Observations on possible use of the "Literate" game on poor readers in a multicultural classroom setting
Instructional technology : past, present and future
The nature of EFL conversation in classroom and net-based learning environment
Computers, graphics, & learning
Education in the microelectronics era : a comprehensive approach
Microcomputers in education : a handbook of resources
Journal of educational multimedia and hypermedia
Currently e-learning is considered an essential part of the everyday learning processes for both teachers and students in higher education. However, the learning results of e-learning are under debate and there is a growing critique on the efficiency and actual results of e-learning. In this paper we present our on-going work for exploring higher education students and teachers recent perceptions of their e-learning experiences, the usage of e-learning technologies and developing the learning process. Two surveys were conducted in order to investigate and compare the perceived advantages, challenges and needs for support among the students and teachers in higher education.  According to the results the perceived advantages of e-learning for both teachers and students were fairly similar. Flexibility in use of time and place were found as the most important benefit of e-learning. Some teachers conceived that e-learning was more activating than traditional learning in terms of increasing presence and participation. However, the results indicate that some of the students were not convinced about the activating advantages of e-learning.   The main challenges in e-learning for both students and teachers dealt with technical issues, (i.e. non-functioning data connections and software) and teacher-student interaction. Both students and teachers also experienced problems in directing the learning situation (e.g. finding/raising motivation, taking possible learning hindrances into account). Teachers also highlighted the students¿ lack of commitment as a challenge in e-learning.  Based on the studies we suggest that in order to ensure the high-quality learning results in e-learning continuous and relevant training and peer support for educators and students are needed. Additionally it is important to enhance the user experience and the content and materials of the courses should be designed carefully. We also suggest that in e-learning the interaction between teachers and peer students should be improved.
Complex learning in computer environments
The computer and higher-order thinking skills
Computer assisted learning in geography : current trends and future prospects
Microcomputers and children in the primary school
Educational computing : learning with tomorrow's technologies
An online collaborative learning system
Automatic assessment of assignments in mathematics and computing science by adaptive testing.
Actual and potential pedagogical use of tablets in schools
Using microcomputers in physical education and the sport sciences
Comparison of higher education student and teacher perceptions of e-learning
Learning technology in the European communities : proceedings of the DELTA Conference on Research and Development, The Hague, 18-19 October 1990
Entrsekt : where learning, technology and community meet
Comp[at]ct - connecting Comenius schools
Electronic learning
During the recent years blended learning has become more common strategy in higher education. In Oulu University of Applied Sciences School of Business and Information Management blended learning was developed in a project where about 20 teachers from two degree programs developed courses from the point of view of individual, blended and online learning. A focus group interview was organised with voluntary students in order to get insights to student's experiences.     Students wish that they would have activities and feedback along the course - not big assignments or exam at the end of the course. Blended learning should be tied to real life cases which are connected to theories. Two-way interaction plays a critical role when blended learning is used in order to avoid the isolation of students. Learning Cafe type of assignments, where talented students' expertise could be used in coaching, received excellent feedback because of the better interaction.
Computer games and team and individual learning
Development of computer-aided instruction based on a question and answer system : Mohammad Masudur Rahman
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Furthering higher education possibilities through massive open online courses
Expanding possibilities : project work using ICT
Technology-supported educational innovations in Finland and Hong Kong : a tale of two systems
Synthetic worlds : emerging technologies in education and economics
Project managing e-learning : a handbook for successful design, delivery and management
21st century a to z literacy handbook : linking literacy with software : a handbook for education and training
Instructional technology : foundations
New tools for the new minds : a cognitive perspective on the use of computers with young children
Teaching with technologies : the essential guide
Student modelling in a Finnish language-learning program
Computers and ESL
New ways of learning and teaching : focus on technology and foreign language education
Keeping you in my (wide) mind
Students' problem solving in the LEGO/Logo learning environment
International journal of game-based learning : an official publication of the Information Resources Management Association
Documents research on the impact of computer games on the learning of adults. Computer games and learning are characterized from a series of different theoretical and empirical viewpoints. Both civilian sector and military applications are presented. While effectiveness of game environments to support learning can be documented in terms of intensity and longevity of engagement (participants voting with their time), as well as the commercial success of the games, there is much less solid empirical information about what instructional outcomes are systematically achieved by the playing of individual and multiplayer games. This book will address these issues.Designed for professionals in the gaming, simulation, assessment and evaluation, educational technology, and educational psychology communities, this book explores the state of the art in the use of computer game technology for teaching and measurement of learning in adults. Its unique focus is on the empirical impact, both qualitative and quantitative, of computer games on the learning of adults.
Blended learning in higher education : framework, principles, and guidelines
Three-level teaching material and its implementation in teaching situation
Development of students' motivational orientations in csile-based science-learning project
Teaching in the information age : the role of educational technology
Learning with computers
Computers in education 5-13
Achievement goals and cognitive learning strategies in dynamic contexts of learning
Proceedings of the Nordic Conference on Computer Aided Higher Education [NFDSL], Otaniemi, Finland August 321-23, 1991.
Computer-based learning environments and problem solving
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Educational computing
Research on instruction : design and effects
Using the computer in education : a briefing for school decision makers
Computer based environmental studies
Technology-enhanced learning : principles and products
Teaching and learning in Logo-based environments : proceedings of the Eurologo '89 Conference 30 August - 1 September 1989, Gent, Belgium
The effect of using computer literate game in the teaching of reading literacy skills in Zambia
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
E-portfolios perform many functions in higher education at both an institutional and student level. This book offers online instructors guidance in creating and implementing e-portfolios with their students. It helps them assess the needs of their students then design and implement a strategic, comprehensive e-portfolio program tailored to these needs. Further, it lets instructors see how such programs can be used as an example of their own personal and professional academic development. This is an essential resource for any online instructor or student wishing to use e-portfolios as a tool.
GraphoGame Method: The Theoretical and Methodological Background of the Technology-Enhanced Learning Environment for Learning to Read
Learning mathematics with micros
Ipad in education for dummies
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
The rise of blended learning : students' perspectives
The introduction of computers in schools : the norwegain experience : examiner's report
Computers, topic work and young children : learning to use information in the primary classroom
Understanding computer-based education
Teacher's role in supporting project-based learning in technology-supported environments
Direction of computer use in teaching mathematics and science : the best of Journal of computers in mathematics and science teaching research notes
Online education using learning objects
ICT in Finnish initial teacher education : country report for the OECD/CERI New Millennium Learners project ICT in Initial Teacher Training
"Islands of innovation" and "school-wide implementations" : two patterns of ICT-based pedagogical innovations in schools
Personal computers for education
They snooze, you lose : the educator's guide to successful presentations
Computers in schools
The systemic cognition of e-learning success in internationally operating organizations
Computers in education : legal liabilities and ethical issues concerning their use and misuse
Technologies to support learning, well-being, and communication
Computers and education in the Soviet Union
Learning professionals are finding success applying game-based sensibilities to the development of instruction. This is the first book to show how to design online instruction that leverages the best elements of online games to increase learning, retention, and application. It explains how to match different game strategies to types of learning content for the right learning outcome and discusses how gamification techniques can be used in a variety of settings to improve learning, retention and application of knowledge. Supported by peer-reviewed studies and examples from corporations who have adopted game-based learning successfully, the book illustrates how combining instructional design thinking with game concepts can create engaged and interactive learning experiences across a variety of media, from online to face-to-face.
This study investigated how the use of an online reading game differs in home and school environments. First and second graders (N = 194) participated in an 8-week training during which they used the reading program GraphoGame either at home or at school under the supervision of parents or teachers. Child participants were recommended by parents and teachers recruited from the list of GraphoGame users, and adults decided whether the training took place at home or at school. We measured the frequency and duration of playing, children's engagement, development of reading skill and reading interest, and adult supportive involvement. The results revealed that children who played GraphoGame at school showed higher engagement and used it more frequently than players at home. Although teachers were more involved in the children's playing than were parents, only parental involvement was significantly associated with a child's engagement during training and the child's learning outcomes.
A design and development approach for deploying web and mobile applications to support collaborative seamless learning activities
The role of I. T. : practical issues for the primary teacher
Young learners and the microcomputer
"Learning Theory and Online Technology offers a powerful overview of the current state of e-learning, a foundation of its historical roots and growth, and a framework for distinguishing among the major approaches to e-learning. It effectively addresses pedagogy (how to design an effective online environment for learning), evaluation (how to know that students are learning), and history (how past research can guide successful online teaching and learning outcomes). An ideal textbook for Educational Technology Masters, PhD, and Certificate programs, readers will find Learning Theory and Online Technology provides a synthesis of the key advances in e-learning theory, the key frameworks of research, and clearly links theory and research to successful learning practice".
Computers in education : realizing the potential : chairmen's report of a research conference, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania November 20-24, 1982
Teaching generation text : using cell phones to enhance learning
Computer applications in language learning
Rethinking computer-based simulation : concepts and models
ICT and curriculum change
Designing for the unknown : didactical design for process-based assessment in technology-rich learning environments
E-learning in the 21st century : a framework for research and practice
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning
Collaborative learning, reasoning, and technology
Nutrition health project using an ICT-based learning environment : participatory action research in Eastern Finland
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Educational computing : principles and applications
Computer assisted learning : selected proceedings from the CAL'89 symposium 11-14 April 1989, University of Surrey
Charting Teachers' Perspective on Utilizing Distance Learning in Higher Education
Is school a better environment than home for digital game-based learning? : the case of Graphogame
Learning theory and online technologies
Verbmobil : a translation system for face-to-face dialog
Cooperative learning and computers : an activity guide for teachers
EFL teachers talking about their use of computers at work : a discourse-analytic study
Journal of computers in mathematics and science teaching
Informatics and changes in learning : proceedings of the IFIP TC3/WG3.1/WG3.5 Open Conference on Informatics and Changes in Learning, Gmunden, Austria, 7-11 June, 1993
Instructional design for computers : cognitive applications in BASIC and Logo
Emotional obstacles of e-learning
Approaches and Strategies in Next Generation Science Learning examines the challenges involved in the development of modern curriculum models, teaching strategies, and assessments in science education in order to prepare future students in the 21st century economies. This comprehensive collection of research brings together science educators, researchers and administrators interested in enhancing the teaching and learning of next generation science.
Informal learning in digital era : social relationships, emotion and competencies
New tools for learning : accelerated learning meets ICT
Teachers' guide to designing classroom software
International perspectives on the pedagogically innovative uses of technology
Methods and materials for the new learning environments, 16.-17.10.1998, Helsinki
Delivering learning on the net : the why, what & how of online education
Abstract.
Children's learning in a digital world
Computer mediated communication and the online classroom. Volume 1, Overview and perspectives
Finnish summary.
Technology integration in context-aware learning spaces
The effect of computer-assisted letter-sound correspondence training on learning to read in Zambia
New information technology in education
Integrating telecommunications into education
Computers in education : proceedings of the IFIP TC 3 1st European Conference on Computers in Education-ECCE 88, Lausanne, Switzerland, 24-29 July, 1988
Basic for teachers
Change process towards ICT supported teaching and learning
The gamification of learning and instruction : game-based methods and strategies for training and education
Computer supported and controlled learning with the aid of internet technologies
Computers in the schools : a guide for planning
Computers and education
The effects of ICT on school: teachers’ and students’ perspectives
Dialogic education and technology : expanding the space of learning
Computer-aided environmental education
An introduction to educational computing
Cooperative computer-aided authoring and learning : a systems approach
Neothemi : cultural heritage and ICT : theory & practice
Digital storytelling for HIV and AIDS education in Africa
Computers in the primary school : a practical guide for teachers
Computer literacy for teachers
Computers in Cuban higher education
Change in the making : strategic and pedagogical aspects of technology integration in language teaching : towards multimodal language learning environments
This paper provides an overview of the GraphoGame method. Both theoretical and methodological aspects related to the method are presented. The method's guiding principles are based on the prevailing theories and experimental research findings on learning and teaching basic reading skills in alphabetic languages, especially from the point of view of a struggling reader. Because the nature of the target language and its relation to its writing system play central roles in the GraphoGame method, this approach requires the method to be flexible in order to be valid for learners of different languages and orthographies. Thus, the aim of the developed technology is to provide an appropriate reading support tool for all learners—from struggling learners to typical learners—in any language environment. We present an overview of results gained from GraphoGame intervention studies as well as challenges for the usability of the method.
World yearbook of education. 1988, Education for the new technologies
Network-based classroom : promises and realities
