http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17835 watermarks
watermarks
Watermarks in paper : in Holland, England, France, etc., in the 17th and 18th centuries and their interconnection / by W. A. Churchill
The worldwide success of wireless communications was originally fueled by the possibility to replace existing cables with wireless solutions. This phenomenon imposed the development of security engineering as a multidisciplinary field. Although wireless solutions can reduce installation costs and allow introducing new services, the end–users expect it to have the same level of security as they would normally have with wired solutions. Secure communications is an important part of the overall security of industrial wireless communications systems (IWCS).The aim of this thesis is to develop new security engineering methodologies for IWCS. The author develops countermeasures against confidentiality and integrity attacks and carries out a security analysis covering the protocol, electromagnetic and physical layer. In the first part of the thesis, Host Identity Protocol (HIP) is utilized to secure communication in an intra–vehicular network. Simulations and measurement campaigns are also conducted to evaluate the impact of the overhead on security in a tunnel, considering line–of–sight (LOS) and non–LOS (NLOS) scenarios.Electromagnetic analysis (EMA) is an important step in the development of safety–related systems. Today, the increasing usage of smaller integrated circuit also increases the susceptibility to electromagnetic (EM) interference. From near–field (NF) to far–field (FF) transformation, a method for the evaluation of the emissions leakage is investigated. The virtual EM (VEM) interface of the device–under–test (DUT) is studied, and it is described how an adversary can exploit it for denial of service (DoS) attacks. An effective jamming attack model is studied, and the theoretical calculations are validated with experiment–based results.Finally, focusing attention on physical layer security, two algorithms are developed. Active radio frequency fingerprinting (RFF) implements the exchange of a public key during the setup of secure communication. Afterwards, utilizing a jamming receiver in conjunction with the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking technique, the watermark–based blind physical layer security (WBPLSec) protocol is presented. The analysis and results indicate how the WBPLSec seems to be a valuable technique for deploying physical layer security by creating a secure region around the receiver.
Art in the watermark = Kunst im Wasserzeichen = L'art du filigrane
Paper comes to the North : sources and trade routes of paper in the Baltic Sea region 1350-1700 : a study based on watermark research
Johann Waṅhal, Viennese symphonist : his life and his musical environment
American watermarks 1690-1835 / Thomas L. Gravell & George Miller
Eikonopoiia : digital imaging of ancient textual heritage : proceedings of the international conference, Helsinki, 28 -29 November, 2010 /edited by Vesa Vahtikari, Mika Hakkarainen, Antti nurminen
Digital watermarking techniques for printed images
Watermarks in paper in Holland, England, France etc. in the XVII and XVIII centuries and their interconnections
Watermarks, mainly of the 17th and 18th centuries / by Edward Heawood
Digital watermarking and steganography : fundamentals and techniques
Rembrandt as an etcher. [Volume 2], Catalogue of watermarks and appendices (text)
Watermarks in Rembrandt's prints / Nancy Ash and Shelley Fletcher ; with a contribution by Jan Piet Filedt Kok
Art in the watermark = Kunst im Wasserzeichen = L'art du filigrane / edited by = herausgegeben von = edité par Walter Herdeg ; introduction by = Einführung von = introduction de Armin Renker
New methods for digital image watermarking
The lost language of symbolism : the origins of symbols, mythologies & folklore. Vol 1
Puzzles in paper : concepts in historical watermarks : essays from the International conference on the history, function and study of watermarks in Roanoke, Virginia / edited by Daniel W. Mosser, Michael Saffle, Ernest W. Sullivan
Rembrandt as an etcher. [Volume 1], The practice of production and distribution
International standard for the registration of papers with or without watermarks, version 2.0
Eesti vabariigi paberraha 1919-1940 + 1991-2008 : Paper Money of the Republic of Estonia
Digital rights management : technologies, issues, challenges and systems : first international conference, DRMTICS 2005, Sydney, Australia, October 31 - November 2, 2005, revised selected papers
Digital image watermarking-analysis of techniques for copyright protection
Rembrandt as an etcher. [Volume 3], Catalogue of watermarks (illustrations)
Bull's head and mermaid : the history of paper and watermarks from the Middle Ages to the Modern Period : booklet and catalogue of the exhibition presented by the Landesarchiv Baden-Württemberg, Hauptstaatsarchiv Stuttgart and the Austrian Academy of Sciences, Kommission Für Schrift- und Buchwesen des Mittelalters, Vienna
Evaluation of industrial wireless communications systems' security
Looking at paper : evidence & interpretation :  symposium proceedings, Toronto 1999 : held at the Royal Ontario Museum and Art Gallery of Ontario, May 13 - 16, 1999 /  Canadian Conservation Institute ; edited by John Slavin ... [et al.]
Puzzles in paper : concepts in historical watermarks : essays from the International Conference on the History, Function, and Study of Watermarks, Roanoke, Virginia
Multimedia watermarking techniques and applications
Watermarks in Rembrandtś Prints
Catalogue of watermarks in Italian printed maps, ca 1540-1600
Paper as a medium of cultural heritage : archaeology and conservation : 26th IPH congress, Rome - Verona, August 30th - September 6th 2002
Anton Cajetan Adlgasser (1729-1777) : a thematic catalogue of his works
Signa officinarum chartariarum in codicibus graecis saeculo sexto decimo fabricatis in bibliothecis hispaniae
Multimedia security : steganography and digital watermarking techniques for protection of intellectual property
