http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17861 animal tales
animal tales
The amazing Terry Jones presents for the very first time his incredible Animal tales
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. Pérez y Martina = Pérez and Martina
How the whale became and other stories
The fox busters
Winnie the Pooh and the honey tree
How the rhinoceros got his skin
The wind in the willows
The further tale of Peter Rabbit
Wedrujace grajki z Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
The lion & the mouse
Clever rabbit and the lion
A mischievous little rabbit : tales of danger and daring
Hausa tales and traditions : an English translation of Tatsuniyoyi na hausa. Vol. 1
Watership Down
The ancient fable : an introduction
Sources and analogues of the Uncle Remus tales
Tales from a Finnish tupa
Dám hát rong cua Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
The island of animals
From Aesop to Reynard : beast literature in medieval Britain
The types of international folktales : a classification and bibliography : based on the system of Antti Aarne and Stith Thompson. Part 1, Animal tales, tales of magic, religious tales, and realistic tales, with an introduction
The Ewe-speaking peoples of the Slave Coast of West Africa : their religion, manners, customs, laws, languages, &c
The Wind in the Willows
Little grey rabbit & the weasels
The great race : an Indonesian trickster tale
The tale of Mr. Tod
The stork and the shrimp : the claw of the golden turtle and other Vietnamese tales
Aesopic conversations : popular tradition, cultural dialogue, and the invention of Greek prose
Fables of modernity : literature and culture in the English eighteenth century
The little red hen and the grains of wheat
An anthology of Finnish folktales
HOW THE RHINOCEROS GOT HIS SKIN
The lion king : animated storybook
Fools and rascals : Louisiana folktales
Once upon a time : myth, fairy tales and legends in Margaret Atwood's writings
The complete adventures of Peter Rabbit : the original and authorized edition
Bulsa sunsuelima : folktales of the Bulsa in northern Ghana. Vol. 1, Tales of the sky-god (Wen, Naawen). Part 2-3
Os saltimbancos de Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
How bear lost his tail
Zhongguo gudai yuyan xuan = Ancient Chinese fables
The Beatrix Potter knitting book
The Tortoise and the hare Aesop's fable
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. El pájaro Cú = The Cú bird
Encyclopedia of fable
Let's have fun and Little creatures
The wind in the willows. Vol. 3 : The gates of dawn
Arlo the dandy lion
Proverbia in fabula : essays on the relationship of the proverb and the fable
Bremen'in çalgicilari = The buskers of Bremen
A twist in the tail : animal stories from around the world
The maiden who rose from the sea and other Finnish folktales
The New junior classics. Vol. 1, Fairy tales and fables
Qayb libaax = The lion's share : a Somali folktale
Children's treasury : fairy tales, nursery rhymes & nonsense verse
The wind in the willows. Volume 4 : Panic at Toad Hall
Folktales of Greece
The tale of Samuel Whiskers : or the roly poly pudding
FOXY : FINNISH FOLK TALES FOR CHILDREN
Creation and evolution in primitive cosmogonies : and other pieces
Studies in Aggadah and Jewish folklore
The complete tales of Uncle Remus
Kalila and Dimna : selected fables of Bidpai
An illustrated collection of folktales from Finland, including the magical tale "Vaino and the Swan Princess," the humorous story "The Pig-headed Wife," and the fable "The Bear Goes Fishing."
The great fables of all nations
Beatrix Potter : the complete tales
A dictionary of British folk-tales in the English language : incorporating the F. J. Norton collection. Part A, Folk narratives. Vol. 1
The moral fables of Aesop
A mischievous Little Rabbit : tales of danger and daring
The sheep-pig
Farmyard tales : from far and wide
Beautiful animal stories for good children
Fables and legends of Ireland
The Christmas Tale of Peter Rabbit
Aesop's management fables : the wombat manager and other cautionary tales
The complete Russian folktale. [Vol. 2], Russian animal tales
Tales of Beatrix Potter
Oromo folktales : an illustrated album
The wind in the willows. Vol. 2 : Mr. Toad / translation by Joe Johnson
Indian animal tales : a preliminary survey
THE WIND IN THE WILLOWS
Los músicos de Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
The tiger & the dried persimmon
The fables of Medieval Armenia = Mijnadaryan Hayastani araknere
The Russian folktale by Vladimir Yakovlevich Propp
A Chinese anthology : a collection of Chinese folktales and fables
How the camel got his hump and other animal stories
The English fable : Aesop and literary culture, 1651-1740
The king's pudding
Bremen'in calgicilari = The buskers of Bremen
Fairest. [volume 5] : The clamour for glamour
The wind in the willows. Vol. 1 : The wild wood / translation by Joe Johnson
Dam hat rong cua Bremen = The buskers of Bremen
Aesop's human zoo : Roman stories about our bodies
Fábulas bilingües = Fables in Spanish and English. Las manchas del sapo = How the toad got his spots
Bulaimei de jietou yiren = The buskers of Bremen
Bremin ke rah calte goe = The buskers of Bremen
Summaries: English summaries of the Hebrew section.
Examining the figure of Aesop and the traditions surrounding him, this title offers a portrait of what Greek popular culture might have looked like in the ancient world. This book explores the anonymous Life of Aesop and offers a different set of perspectives.
Iteso thought patterns in tales
Wolf's magnificent master plan
