http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17833 satanism
satanism
Driven by the devil : popular constructions of youth satanist careers
The biggest secret
Rosemary's baby
Masculinity, anti-semitism, and early modern English literature : from the satanic to the effeminate Jew
Witchcraft and magic in Europe : the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
The Devil's party : Satanism in modernity
Contemporary religious Satanism : a critical anthology
Modern Satanism : anatomy of a radical subculture
Contemporary esotericism
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to the technopagans
Beyond the mainstream : the emergence of religious pluralism in Finland, Estonia and Russia
The book of lies : which is also falsely called Breaks ..
Cults : prophecies, practices & personalities
Speaking in bones : a novel
Recent years have seen a significant shift in the study of new religious movements. In Satanism studies, interest has moved to anthropological and historical work on groups and inviduals. Self-declared Satanism, especially as a religion with cultural production and consumption, history, and organization, has largely been neglected by academia. This volume, focused on modern Satanism as a practiced religion of life-style, attempts to reverse that trend with 12 cutting-edge essays from the emerging field of Satanism studies. Topics covered range from early literary Satanists like Blake and Shelley, to the Californian Church of Satan of the 1960s, to the radical developments that have taken place in the Satanic milieu in recent decades. The contributors analyze such phenomena as conversion to Satanism, connections between Satanism and political violence, 19th-century decadent Satanism, transgression, conspiracy theory, and the construction of Satanic scripture. A wide array of methods are employed to shed light on the Devil's disciples: statistical surveys, anthropological field studies, philological examination of The Satanic Bible, contextual analysis of literary texts, careful scrutiny of obscure historical records, and close readings of key Satanic writings. The book will be an invaluable resource for everyone interested in Satanism as a philosophical or religious position of alterity rather than as an imagined other.
The satanic bible
Satanism, magic and mysticism in fin-de-siècle France
Contemporary legend : a reader
The devil's paintbrush
Witchcraft and magic in Europe : the twentieth century
The invention of satanism
Lessons in evil, lessons from the light : a true story of satanic abuse and spiritual healing
The making of a media panic : Satanism in the Finnish press
In the early twentieth century, travel writing represented the desire for the expanding bourgeoisie to experience the exotic cultures of the world past their immediate surroundings. Journalist William Buehler Seabrook was emblematic of this trend – participating in voodoo ceremonies, riding camels cross the Sahara desert, communing with cannibals and most notably, popularizing the term “zombie” in the West. A string of his bestselling books show an engaged, sympathetic gentleman hoping to share these strange, hidden delights with the rest of the world. He was willing to go deeper than any outsider had before. But, of course, there was a dark side. Seabrook was a barely functioning alcoholic who was deeply obsessed with bondage and the so-called mystical properties of pain and degradation. His life was a series of traveling highs and drunken lows; climbing on and falling off the wagon again and again. What led the popular and vivid writer to such a sad state?
Raising the devil : Satanism, new religions, and the media
Cults : From bacchus to heaven's gate
Speak of the devil : tales of satanic abuse in contemporary England
Satanic feminism : Lucifer as the liberator of woman in nineteenth-century culture
Encyclopedia of witchcraft & demonology
Black magic and bogeymen : fear, rumour and popular belief in the North of Ireland, 1972-74
Dark star : the satanic rites of Gilles de Rais
Lords of chaos : the bloody rise of the satanic metal underground
Dictionary of satanism
New religions emerge as distinct entities in the religious landscape when innovations are introduced by a charismatic leader or a schismatic group leaves its parent organization. New religious movements (NRMs) often present novel doctrines and advocate unfamiliar modes of behavior, and have therefore often been perceived as controversial. NRMs have, however, in recent years come to be treated in the same way as established religions, that is, as complex cultural phenomena involving myths, rituals and canonical texts. This Companion discusses key features of NRMs from a systematic, comparative perspective, summarizing results of forty years of research. The volume addresses NRMs that have caught media attention, including movements such as Scientology, New Age, the Neopagans, the Sai Baba movement and Jihadist movements active in a post-9/11 context. An essential resource for students of religious studies, the history of religion, sociology, anthropology and the psychology of religion.
The abominable mr. Seabrook
Kirous
Magic and witchcraft : from shamanism to technopagans
Dark places
The history of witchcraft
Speaking in bones
The satanism scare
The Christian frame of reference in the interpretation of Satanism
The left hand path
Satan's power : a deviant psychotherapy cult
Satanic panic : the creation of a contemporary legend
The Cambridge companion to new religious movements
The satanic rituals : [companion to The satanic bible]
Lusifer rising
For every case Temperence Brennan has solved, there remain innumerable unidentified bodies in her lab. Information on some of these is available online, where amateur sleuths sometimes take a stab at solving cases. One day, Tempe gets a call from Hazel "Lucky" Strike, a web sleuth who believes she's successfully connected a body in Tempe's lab to a missing persons report on an eighteen-year-old named Cora Teague. Since the bones in her lab do seem to match Cora's medical records, Tempe looks into the case, returning to the spot where the bones were originally found. What seems at first to be an isolated tragedy takes on a more sinister cast as Tempe uncovers two more sets of bones nearby. When she then learns that the area is known as a viewing point for a famous unexplained light phenomenon with significance for a local cult, Tempe's suspicious turn to murder by ritual sacrifice -- a theory thrown into question when Hazel herself turns up dead. Still reeling from her mother's diagnosis and the shock of Andrew Ryan's potentially life-change proposal, Tempe races to solve the murders before the body count climbs further / WorldCat.
A history of terror : fear & dread through the ages
Blavatsky the Satanist : Luciferianism in theosophy, and it feminist implications
Witches and demons : a comparative perspective on witchcraft and satanism
Malleus maleficarum : the classic study of witchcraft
Witchcraft and magic : contemporary North America
Satanism today : an encyclopedia of religion, folklore, and popular culture
Aspects of youth Satanism in Finland
The Mephisto club
Treating survivors of satanist abuse
Lucifer rising : sin, devil worship & rock'n'roll
