http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1786 buildings
buildings
"The classic visual guide to the basics of building construction, now with a 3D digital building model for interactive learningFor over three decades, Building Construction Illustrated has offered an outstanding introduction to the principles of building construction. This new edition of the revered classic remains as relevant as ever, providing the latest information in Francis D.K. Ching's signature style. Its rich and comprehensive approach clearly presents all of the basic concepts underlying building construction. New to this edition are digital enhancements delivered as an online companion to the print edition and also embedded in e-book editions. Features include a 3D model showing how building components come together in a final project. llustrated throughout with clear and accurate drawings that present the state of the art in construction processes and materials Updated and revised to include the latest knowledge on sustainability, incorporation of building systems, and use of new materials Contains archetypal drawings that offer clear inspiration for designers and drafters Reflects the 2012 International Building Codes and 2012 LEED system This new edition of Building Construction Illustrated remains as relevant as ever, with the most current knowledge presented in a rich and comprehensive manner that does not disappoint"--
The making of a building : a pragmatist approach to architecture
NEW TECHNOLOGIES IN CONSTRUCTING CONCRETE STRUCTURES
Mobile solutions and the construction industry : is it a working combination?
Building physics in the Nordic countries : proceeding of the 4th symposium. Vol. 1
A key to the development of Christian community centers : case Jezreel
The article focuses on the question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings, with particular reference to the concept Old Norse hof . I survey the semantics of this term in written sources, in poetic traditions, in the Sagas of the Icelanders and in place names. My hypothesis is that the term does not refer to a static phenomenon, but rather its meaning varies across different sources and contexts. It is therefore often difficult to apply it as a general concept, or to connect it with a specific type of archaeological find or structure, as has occasionally been the case in the archaeology of religion.
Architectural tourism : building for urban travel destinations
The stones of Venice. Vol. II : Sea-stories
The Vehmaa rapakivi granite batholith in southwestern Finland : the production area for Balmoral Red granites
Conservation guidelines. No. 1, Conservation principles, general information
Maintenance of old buildings : preservation from the technical and antiquarian standpoint
Courtyard house in China : tradition and present = Hofhaus in China : Tradition und Gegenwart
"This new edition of the revered classic remains as relevant as ever, providing the latest information in Francis D.K. Ching's signature style. Its rich and comprehensive approach clearly presents all of the basic concepts underlying building construction"--
ArchiMAG : the international ArchiCad users̕ magazine
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings. Osa 1, Ilmastointikanavat = Ducts
Conservation guidelines. No. 16, Fire safety, security & maintenance
Building construction illustrated
The story of buildings : world architecture from the pyramids to the Pompidou Centre
Creating a 3D Model of a Building
Naval engineers look on the FEC-concept and other VLFS-structures
Log house : Rovaniemi Log House news magazine
Fifty modern buildings that changed the world
The story of castles
Modeling moisture damage observations and their association with health symptoms
150 years of the Bund
Contemporary architecture in China
Documents in Canadian architecture
The story of Britain's best buildings
Conservation guidelines. No. 4, Mortars, pointing and renders
Seminar on Architecture and Urban Planning in Finland 1991 : vacation architecture and sauna. Excursion, August 29-31, 1991
Scheduling and Visualization of Erection in Tekla
Weight training For dummies
Skyscrapers : who built that? : an introduction to skyscrapers and their architects
Introducing AutoCAD Civil 3D 2010
New York in photographs
Conservation guidelines. No. 15, Settings & landscape
Todo in Tuscany : a dog at the villa
Saeimas nams : the house of the Latvian Parliament
Construction technology : an illustrated introduction
Wireless Building Automation in Finland
Since the early times of travelling architecture does constitute an important force of attraction and a vital element in marketing. Until today destinations try to increase their market positions by means of the development and restoration of the built environment. However, architecture is characterised by an enduring presence with impacts on visitors and residents alike. Hence, on a sustainable basis it needs to chime with place and situation. Where modesty might be suitable for one destination, spectacular architecture could be a transformation catalyst or unique selling proposition for another. Destination developers have to be aware of the local requirements as well as the reciprocal relationship between the modern practice of tourism and the built environment. To address the complexity of architectural tourism, throughout the book this topic is subject of a controversial discussion and approached with a contextual and interdisciplinary view.
Building security : strategies & costs : risk assessment, security planning, cost data for construction & security systems
Study of regulations, codes and standards related to energy use in buildings
The buildings that revolutionized architecture
TRAVEL & HOLIDAY GUIDES. Across London there are over 900 blue plaques celebrating a diverse, curious collection of Londoners through history. Yet until now most people only ever stumble on these plaques, seeing the buildings but knowing little of the stories behind them. This first ever handy guide reveals layers of history and personality behind the busy streets of London. Inside are insights into the figures themselves, as well as details of the buildings and areas which have harboured creative masterpieces, new discoveries and history-making events that have made London such a dynamic city.
Creation of modular log kindergarten for Russian market
The functions of huts and houses with reference to the Latin settlement at Ficana
The lost symbol
Suomen eduskuntatalo : J. S. Sirén, Arch. = Finlands riksdagshus = Finland's parliament building
Buildings and free-time residences
Building measurement
Lightweight purlins stiffened with polyurethane foam
Rakennusten ilmanvaihto = Ventilation for buildings : rakennusten energiatehokkuus = energy performance of buildings : ilmastointijärjestelmien määräaikaistarkastusohjeet = guidelines for inspection of air-conditioning systems
Sustainable Buildings for the High North. Existing buildings – technologies and challenges for residential and commercial use
Mechanical and electrical equipment for buildings
Portable architecture
How to read houses : a crash course in domestic architecture
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 5, Moisture in external walls
International Strategic Alliance Model : - A study of a Finnish construction company, Fira Oy, entering a new market.
Echoes of Egypt in 12th-century Bologna and 13th-century Rome
Inflammatory and cytotoxic potential of selected moldy house microbes in vitro
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 4, Moisture in floors laid on the ground
The English village : history and tradition
Construction organization Design and Project Cost
Conservation of historic buildings and their contents : addressing the conflicts
Conservation guidelines. No. 2, Sources of information
Characterizing moisture damaged buildings : environmental and biological monitoring
The west is growing day by day, and you’re looking to stake your claim. To win, you have to gamble your relationships with the most powerful bosses in town to win influence. This influence comes in many forms: law, money and force. If you’re clever enough, you’ll be able to take claim over the buildings in the ever growing boomtowns and gain powerful abilities. At the end of the day, the boss who has the best combination of wit and bluff will become the most powerful tycoon in the Wild wild west.
Market Analysis for a Company in Construction Business
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 6, Moisture in roofs
A Greener house : the sustainable property investor's guide to buying, building and renovating
Alvar Aalto : the mark of the hand
Sketch city : tips and inspiration for drawing on location
Natural ventilation in buildings : a design handbook
The secret lives of the buildings : from the Parthenon to the Vegas Strip in thirteen stories
Methods for Automated Civil Construction Production Control
Comparison of Public Construction Projects between Brazil and Finland
State of Art in Thinking of BIM Competence
Architectural security codes and guidelines : best practices for today's construction challenges
Room acoustics
Design Museum in the middle of the city
Integrated Multichannel Customer Service Plan For Stark
Structural concrete : journal of the Fib
A Mersey mile
Stonecleaning : a guide for practioners
Pyhän ristin kappeli = Helga korsets kapell = Chapel of the Holy Cross = Heiligenkreuzkapelle
House of secrets omnibus
Building long-term customer relationships in service business : Suomen Hopealinja Oy
B is for bulldozer : a construction ABC
Kemin historiaa etsimässä = In search of history of Kemi
Berlin : a city for the future
Restoring old buildings for contemporary uses : an American sourcebook for architects and preservationists
Environmental legislation and regulations of shipbuilding : case Finland and Spain
Conservation guidelines. No. 7, Stone-walling
30-second New York : the 50 key visions, events and architects that shapes the city, each explained in half a minute
Defects and deterioration in buildings
Travel back through history to a small settlement named Samara. Each player is a foreman and leads a group of builders who spend their time on improving skills, building different buildings, adding new workers, or taking vacation... The unique timetrack mechanism challenges players to plan labor time efficiently. Become the most prestigious foreman!
Building structures
Canada's house : Rideau Hall and the invention of a Canadian home
Above and below
The Hanko granite : a foundation stone for the Finnish stone industry
Fire safety of buildings : regulations and guidelines 2002
Reconstructing the pattern of a vernacular tradition
Humidity in monuments
Building cost index
BIM Based Energy/Sustainability Analysis for Educational Building – A Case Study : Analysis of HAMK Building Extensions N and S using Autodesk Revit and GBS
Hoitosuunnitelma : Suomenlinna - Unescon maailmanperintökohde = Management plan : Fortress of Suomenlinna - Unesco world heritage site c
On weathering : the life of buildings in time
ETRR : energy-efficient buildings and building components : interim report 1988-1990
Conservation guidelines. No. 11, Rising damp & timber decay
The grammar of ornament : a visual reference of form and colour in architecture and the decorative arts
Crafts and heritage
Future buildings innovative low-energy concepts, Espoo, Finland, 1-3 September, 1992
1001 buildings you must see before you die
Building design : improving commercial spaces
I never knew that about New York
The X ray picture book of big buildings of the ancient world
Characteristics and management options for mixed construction waste residue
Development Discussions for Construction Workers as a Tool for Management by Key Results
Home Automation Using Touch Screen
The stones of Venice. Vol. I : The foundations
"A new edition of Francis D.K. Ching's illustrated guide to structural design. Structures are an essential element of the building process, yet one of the most difficult concepts for architects to grasp. While structural engineers do the detailed consulting work for a project, architects should have enough knowledge of structural theory and analysis to design a building. Building Structures Illustrated takes a new approach to structural design, showing how structural systems of a building--such as an integrated assembly of elements with pattern, proportions, and scale--are related to the fundamental aspects of architectural design. The book features a one-stop guide to structural design in practice, a thorough treatment of structural design as part of the entire building process, and an overview of the historical development of architectural materials and structure. Illustrated throughout with Ching's signature line drawings, this new Second Edition is an ideal guide to structures for designers, builders, and students. Updated to include new information on building code compliance, additional learning resources, and a new glossary of terms. Offers thorough coverage of formal and spatial composition, program fit, coordination with other building systems, code compliance, and much more. Beautifully illustrated by the renowned Francis D.K. Ching. Building Structures Illustrated, Second Edition is the ideal resource for students and professionals who want to make informed decisions on architectural design"--
Fire from first principles : A design guide to bulding fire safety
Horizontal Directional Drilling
Conservation guidelines. No. 5, Interior joinery and fittings
Biological Growths on sandstone buildings : control and treatment
The question of ancient Scandinavian cultic buildings : with particular reference to Old Norse hof
Patron and pavements in late antiquity
Comparison of Public Construction Projects Between Brazil and Finland
The customer of this project is Kontio company - a Finnish construction company specialized in the creating and building of individual wooden houses and administrative wooden buildings. A big part of their sales come from the Russian market. The goal of this project is creating of modular wooden kindergarten for sale in Russia. Research in the thesis is carried out in two directions. The first of them is an analysis of Russian fire resistance regulations, energy efficiency norms and soundproofing usage rules and also observing laminated wood as main building material for a kindergarten. The second part is design of a building. The drawings and a 3D model of the building were created with ArchCad and AutoCad programs. During the work, three types of modules for the building were designed. One version of the building is shown in the thesis. The plan of the floor, the facades, the sections and a 3D model were designed for this version. The customer company can use these modules in the future to create a building of different sizes and forms.
OBTAINING GOOD WATER  QUALITY WITHOUT USING BIG  TREATMENT PLANTS : Treatment installations in buildings
Architectural photography : composition, capture, and digital image processing
The Gothic enterprise : a guide to understanding the Medieval cathedral
Heating system based on heat pump technology for water treatment plant
Conservation guidelines. No. 12, Interior decoration & finishes
Encyclopaedia of world architecture. 1
Understanding structural engineering : from theory to practice
WQ-truss design according to Russian and European standards
Hand-drying in America and other stories
Damp buildings, old and new
Kuopion korkeakoulu - The University of Kuopio
Can we learn from the heritage lost in a fire : experiences and practises on the fire protection of historic buildings in Finland, Norway and Sweden
Reduction of Energy Consumption by Means of an Efficient Building Envelope in the Mexican Caribbean
Alvar Aalto : What & When
Market Analysis of Environmentally Friendly Celulose Insulation Material in the Construction Business in Srinagar, India
The Uusikaupunki granite : a corner stone in the Finnish national romantic architecture of the early 20th century
The Secretary of the Interior's standards for rehabilitation & illustrated guidelines for rehabilitating historic buildings
New public architecture
Renovation of Ventilation and Air-conditioning System in Old Russian Museums
The world's greatest lighthouses
Eurocode 3 : design of steel structures. Part 1-3, General rules : supplementary rules for coldformed members and sheeting
Mortars in Old Structures
Modelling undrained shear strength and pore pressure based on an effective stress soil model in limit equilibrium method
Roy Porter's model buildings masterclass
Hygrothermal Behavior of Finnish Building Exterior Walls
Above and Below is a mashup of town-building and storytelling where you and up to three friends compete to build the best village above and below ground. In the game, you send your villagers to perform jobs like exploring the cave, harvesting resources, and constructing houses. Each villager has unique skills and abilities, and you must decide how to best use them. You have your own personal village board, and you slide the villagers on this board to various areas to indicate that they’ve been given jobs to do. Will you send Hanna along on the expedition to the cave? Or should she instead spend her time teaching important skills to one of the young villagers?
Cost accounting methods for construction projects in North-West Russia : case study Pöyry CM Oy
Rakennusten energiatehokkuus : valaistuksen energiatehokkuus = Energy performance of buildings : energy requirements for lighting
A Market Analysis on the Global Boating Industry
Guide to the methodical study of monuments and causes of their deteroration = Guida allo studio metodico dei monumenti e delle loro cause di deterioramento
Building for tomorrow : visionary architecture from around the world : with 235 colour illustrations
Conservation of architectural heritage, historic structures and materials
Uusi oopperatalo = Det nya operahuset = The new operahouse
Autodesk® Revit® Architecture 2011 : no experience required : official training guide
Waste and Chemical Management on Wärtsilä Power Plant Construction Site
Stonecleaning in Scotland : Research Report 3, Research Commission investigating the effects of cleaning of sandstone
Understanding housing defects
Professional boatbuilder magazine
Micro-organisms (bacteria and fungi) in buildings
The stones of Venice. Vol. III : The fall
Photovoltaics in Buildings : A Design Handbook for Architects and Engineers
Building on knowledge : developing expertise, creativity and intellectual capital in the construction professions
Huojuuko talosi? = Wuthering houses?
User-oriented and cost effective management, maintenance and modernization of building facilities
Conservation guidelines. No. 13, Ironwork
The restoration of Otto Laird
Thermal analysis of buildings : verification and further development of the TASE program
Organization of an international complex design project
The English Heritage guide to London's blue plaques : the lives and homes of London most interesting inhabitants
Urban and rural decay photography : how to capture the beauty in the blight
Sonic wonderland : a scientific odyssey of sound
Energy optimization in public buildings of Finland
Encyclopaedia of world architecture
Building maintenance and preservation : a guide for design and management
Creating an Environmental Comparison System for Sustainable Construction Materials :  A Case Study – Insulation
Architectural drawing : a visual compendium of types and methods
Espoo : a stop on the King's road
The English country house
Global cities : cinema, architecture, and urbanism in a digital age
City atlas : travel the world with 30 city maps
Conservation guidelines. No. 14, Shopfronts
Recording historic buildings : a symposium, London May 1991.
Construction of foundations in Finland, compared to Belgium
Heritage under fire : a guide to the protection of historic buildings
Field investigations of moisture problems in buildings. Part 1, Moisture mechanics in brief
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
13 buildings children should know
Comparative methods of concrete portal frame design
Home automation : made easy : do it yourself know how using UPB, Insteon, X10 and Z-Wave
Thermal bridge comparison : thermal benefits of CLT
Materials & skills for historic building conservation
Energy efficient buildings with solar and geothermal resources
Building structures illustrated : patterns, systems, and design
Application for calculating materials included in wall panel details in Tekla Structures
A guide to the architecture of London
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
Seismic design in Europe and the Russian Federation : Steel and reinforced concrete buildings of moderate importance
The amazing history of castles & knights
Heating Systems in Finland and China
50 buildings you should know
Architecture on the carpet : the curious tale of construction toys and the genesis of modern building
Integrated buildings : the systems basis of architecture
Slow burn city : London in the twenty-first century
Castles & great houses of the middle ages : from ancient times to the wars of the Roses and 1485
The building level substation : the innovation of district heating system
Building physics in the Nordic countries : Building Physics '96, Espoo, Finland, September 9-10, 1996 : proceedings of the 4th symposium. Vol. 2.
Conservation of old buildings
The conservation and structural restoration of architectural heritage
Architectural Drawing is the classic, comprehensive compendium of architectural drawing. Featuring examples from many high-profile architects and firms, the nearly one-thousand drawings and photos in this book illustrate all of the various types and methods of architectural drawing. The new Fourth Edition is fully updated throughout to cover all of the latest drawing methods and includes a new chapter on the convergence of digital and traditional drawing. Online instructor ancillaries will be offered.
Featherweights : light, mobile and floating architecture
Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings information sheet
Adventures in architecture
Shang hai lao fang zi = Classical Buildings of Shanghai
Bricks & mortals : ten great buildings and the people they made
Zhonghua bainian jianzhu jingdian. 5 = Chinese classic architecture of one century. 5
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Dictionary of architectural and building technology
BIM Workflow for Mechanical Ventilation Design :  Object-Based Modeling with Autodesk Revit®
Tiny epic western
Conservation guidelines. No. 6, Decorative plasterwork
Finnish-American architecture and architects in Northern and Eastern parts of the United States of America 1850-1950 : from rural tradition to urban ideal
Atlas of improbable places : a journey to the world's most unusual corners
Sustainability in energy and buildings : results of the Third International Conference on Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB '12)
Tampereen postitalo
