http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17836 information science
information science information studies
Qualitative research for the information professional : a practical handbook
Culture and identity in knowledge organization : proceedings of the tenth International ISKO Conference, 5-8 August 2008, Montréal, Canada
International bibliography of bibliographies in library and information science and related fields
Current trends in information : research and theory
Bibliometrics : new dimensions and latest trend
Challenging the Matthew effect : international exchange of publications in four Finnish learned societies until the Second World War
Health and lifestyle : Icelanders' everyday life information behaviour
Annual review of information science and technology
Emerging technologies for knowledge resource management
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 2, Vol. 2: Des-Lib
The study of information : interdisciplinary messages
Information extraction for enhanced access to disease outbreak reports
Information science in theory and practice
Information technology incidents in the present information society:viewpoints of service providers, users, and the mass media
Qualitative and quantitative methods in libraries : theory and applications : proceedings of the International Conference on QQML2009, Chania, Crete, Greece, 26-29 May 2009
School library : a tool for developing the school's operating culture
Geographical information systems and science
Understanding information practices in biomedicine : a domain analytical approach
Statistical methods for the information professional : a practical, painless approach to understanding, using, and interpreting statistics
Research methods in information
Sociability and sense of community among users of online services
Human information retrieval
Information architecture for information professionals
Humanizing information technology : from ideas to bits and back, ASIST 2003, Proceedings of the 66th ASIST Annual Meeting
Today, the media and communication markets are undergoing a fundamental transformation. This thesis focuses on the market for electronic media products in the higher education market and especially on the market for scientific journals. In contrast to other media sectors this partial market shows a significantly different structure and different characteristics. For around 10 years scientific publishers have offered electronic versions of their products, which is of vital importance for the scientific communication of research activities all over the world. Content providers as well as libraries face new duties and responsibilities. Librarians especially have to cope with the new assignments as advanced information intermediaries. In view of decreasing library budgets and increasing costs for scientific information sources, the economic responsibilities have become an important issue in librarians' daily work. Thus, one major goal of this research is to obtain a better understanding of the way in which scientific content is traded over markets.
Task-based information access in molecular medicine : task performance, barriers, and searching within a heterogeneous information environment
Cybersemiotics : why information is not enough!
Libraries, black metal and corporate finance : current research in Nordic Library and Information Science : selected articles from the 40th anniversary conference of the Swedish School of Library and Information Science
Reductive and generative approaches to morphological variation of keywords in monolingual information retrieval
Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology
Spanning the theory-practice divide in library and information science
Information and emotion : the emergent affective paradigm in information behavior research and theory
Evaluating the user experience of interactive systems in challenging circumstances
Information and intrigue : from index cards to Dewey decimals to Alger Hiss
Information history in the modern world : histories of the information age
Communication capability
Introduction to information science
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 3, Vol. 3: Lib-Pub
Tailoring health communication:the perspective of information users' health information behaviour in relation to their physical health status
Single sourcing : a system for reusing information in documentation
Information science : the interdisciplinary context
Interactive information retrieval in digital environments
Handbook of academic writing for librarians
Information literacy instruction : selecting an effective model
The knowledge entrepreneur
Towards research-orientation in professional practice 2012 : a guide to thesis work at Diaconia University of Applied Sciences
Lost in the knowledge society? : a knowledge society strategy for Southwest Finland
Scientific Communication
Advanced studies on the complexity of formal languages
Text data management and analysis : a practical introduction to information retrieval and text mining
Information users and information system design : volume III of the selected works of Marcia J. Bates
Theory development in the information sciences
Working in the virtual stacks : the new library and information science
Information management in ICT projects
Advances in librarianship. Vol. 32, Exploring the digital frontier
The information society and the use of sustainable development indicators
Library science : prospects in 21st century
Two information retrieval learning environments : their design and evaluation
Encyclopedia of library and information science. 4, Vol. 4: Pub-Zoo
Aslib journal of information management : new information perspectives
Literature and bibliometrics
The information society : a study of continuity and change
Information science 101
Information science as an interscience : rethinking science, method and practice
The social and intellectual development of library and information science
Web search engine research
Basic research methods for librarians
Library and information science trends and research. Europe
This edited collection of essays brings together, for the first time, notable scholars from the UK, US and Europe in the field of information history. It explores the key themes and ideas, offering students a diverse taster of information history in practice and relating this historical research to the contemporary information age.
Introductory concepts in information science
A community pharmacy IT paradox : community pharmacists' self-perception of innovativeness not matched by actual innovations
The papers in this proceedings of USE-2008. From Information Provision to Knowledge Production conference held to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Information Studies at the Faculty of Humanities, University of Oulu, Finland share a common perspective - the contributors seek to provide a multidisciplinary account of knowledge production in different contexts. The first keynote paper provides a detailed review of the issues facing managers and users of digital infrastructure who must balance the demands of data management with those of scientific publication. The second keynote contribution explores documentary practices and the materiality of science at the micro level focusing on interpersonal and transinstitutional acknowledgments. -- The contributed papers that make up the rest of the volume address the conference theme from a range of viewpoints. The first four explore knowledge management in different contexts - the difficulties of converting industrial experience into formal knowledge systems; the motives and tradeoffs that are involved in online knowledge sharing; the generation of knowledge through strategic dialogue; and the harvesting of informal travel tips in FAQ sites. The fifth paper discusses the "readiness" of government agencies in Namibia for electronic record keeping, and the sixth paper presents empirical observations on the daily media and information behaviour of senior citizens leading to concrete actions. The seventh contribution analyses citation as a discursive practice, using Dervin's work on sense-making as an example, and the last paper offers a deeper analysis than is usual in LIS of the knowing subject in the work of Descartes, making a distinction between philosophical and sociological interpretations. The authors' short CVs conclude this proceedings.
Proceedings of the ... ASIS Annual Meeting
Information searching theory and practice : volume II of the selected works of Marcia J. Bates
Search processes, user behaviour and archival representational systems
The philosophy of information
LISA: Library and Information Science Abstracts
The past, present and future of the impact factor and other tools of scientometrics : (their use in comparing the scientific quality of researchers, journals, institutions, and countries)
Information science in transition
Information and the information professions : volume I of the selected works of Marcia J. Bates
Infotopia : how many minds produce knowledge
Power laws in the information production process : Lotkaian informetrics
Thinking with data
Pedagogies of media and information literacies
Interactive information seeking, behaviour and retrieval
Journal of information science
Following tweets around : informetric methodology for the twittersphere
Exploratory search : beyond the query-response paradigm
Quantum mechanics with applications to nanotechnology and information science
Public knowledge, private ignorance : toward a library and information policy
Tensions and contradictions in information management : an activity-theoretical approach to information activities in a swedish youth/peace organisation
Current research in library and information science : (Festschrift to professor M. R. Kumbhar)
Glut : mastering information through the ages
Foundations of library and information science
This book provides an information science perspective on information retrieval, with a focus on user behavior and needs. Beginning with the history of information retrieval, coverage goes on to consider behavioral models and interactive techniques as well as the design, implementation and evaluation of information retrieval interfaces.
Information science : search for identity : proceedings of the 1972 NATO Advanced Study Institute in Information Science held at Seven Springs, Champion, Pennsylvania, August 12-20, 1972
Managing information
Development of research networks : the case of social capital
Applications of social research methods to questions in information and library science
Resource productivity in the information age
Sustainability indicators for the knowledge-based society : measuring the sustainability of the information society
Text information retrieval systems
School library: a tool for developing the school’s operating culture
Library and information science annual
Towards a sociology of the mobile phone
Introduction to the library and information professions
Abstract (1 s.).
"Library and Information Science Trends and Research: Europe", co-edited by Professor Amanda Spink and Dr. Jannica Heinstrom provides an understanding of the new directions in library and information science/management, education and research in Europe. The volume focuses on new research directions within the field but will also discuss curriculum changes due to the rapidly developing information world. Europe has developed substantially both socially and economically in the last ten years with a growing population and economy. The field of library and information science/management has also grown in educational and research developments as information increasingly has become a part of people's everyday social and life processes. This book is directly relevant to information scientists, information professionals and librarians, social scientists and people interested in understanding more about the trends and research in library and information science/management in the European region. Undergraduate and graduate students, academics, educators, and information professionals interested in library and information science will find this book of particular benefit.
Encyclopedia of library and information sciences
From information to innovation : ICSTI Annual Conference : Royal at Crowne Plaza, Helsinki, Finland, June 10-11, 2010
Glossary of library and information science : English-Chinese/Chinese-English
The knowing work practice as situational creation of meaning : a study to facilitate the communication of knowledge
From information provision to knowledge production : proceedings for the celebration of the 20th anniversary of Information Studies, Faculty of Humanities, University of Oulu, Finland, June 23-25, 2008
Exploring the contexts of information behaviour : proceedings of the second International Conference on Research in Information Needs, Seeking and Use in Different Contexts, 13-15 August 1998, Sheffield, UK
Business intelligence utilisation through bootstrapping and adaptation
Abstract.
International encyclopedia of information and library science
Library and information science research
Worldwide commonalities and challenges in information literacy research and practice : European conference on information literacy, ECIL 2013, Istanbul, Turkey, October 22-25, 2013, revised selected papers
On account of sex : an annotated bibliography on the status of women in librarianship, 1993-1997
Journal of librarianship and information science
Social information research
The use of usable security and security education to fight phishing attacks
Research methods for students, academics and professionals : information management and systems
Information entrepreneurship : information services based on the information lifecycle
Intertwingled : information changes everything
Citation analysis in research evaluation
Facilitating collaboration : exploring a socio-technical approach to the design of a collaboratory for library and information science
"Raw data" is an oxymoron
The Implementation and Use of ERMS - A Study in Icelandic Organizations
Digital Optimism and the Case for Caution
Marketing culture of Finnish research libraries: implications for customer satisfaction
Information lifecycle management
International library and information science research : a comparison of national trends
This third edition of the Encyclopedia of Library and Information Sciences reflects the growing convergence among the several disciplines that concern themselves with information and the cultural record. Covered are archives, museum studies, informatics, information systems, knowledge management, records management, document and genre theory, bibliography, and social studies of information, in addition to library and information science. It addresses these related disciplines in a way that demonstrates the unities across the fields while also recognizing their uniquely distinguishing characteristics.
Memory practices in the sciences
Introduced by leading international scholars and offering a global perspective on the discipline, this is designed to be the standard text for students worldwide. The authors expert narrative guides you through each of the essential building blocks of information science offering a concise introduction and expertly chosen further reading and resources. Critical topics covered include: foundations including the information society, historical perspectives and concepts organizing and retrieving information information behavior and digital literacies technologies and digital libraries information research and methods changing contexts including publishing, e-science and digital humanities the future of the profession. This is the definitive textbook for students of information science, information and knowledge management, librarianship, archives, and records management worldwide. It s also an invaluable guide for students of other information-related disciplines such as museum studies, publishing, and information systems. It s a useful sourcebook for practitioners in all of these disciplines.
