http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17889 French language literature
French language literature
Le Lai de l'oiselet : an Old French poem of the thirteenth century : edition and critical study
Corneille comique : nine studies of Pierre Corneille's comedy with an introduction and bibliography
Reading Proust : in search of the wolf-fish
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 16, Writings of 1736.
French literature and its background. 4, The early nineteenth century
Francophone literatures : a literary and linguistic companion
Molière : a collection of critical essays
Negotiating the new in the French novel : building contexts for fictional worlds
Carnival to classicism : the comic novels of Charles Sorel
The new Oxford companion to literature in French
Le livre dou voir dit : The book of the true poem
Etymologies and genealogies : a literary anthropology of the French Middle Ages
A concise bibliography of French literature
Tribaliks : contemporary Congolese stories
A dish of spices
French literature and its background. 6, The twentieth century
The subtle shapes of invention : poetic imagination in medieval French literature
Samuel Beckett: the complete short prose, 1929-1989
Metamorphoses of the Proustian body : a study of bodily signs in A la recherche du temps perdu
André Gide : a study of his creative writings
Baudelaire and intertextuality : poetry at the crossroads
Suspended sentences : three novellas
An Introduction to nineteenth-century French literature
Les oeuvres complètes de Voltaire. 30C, [Writings of 1746-1748 (III)]
A critical bibliography of French literature. Vol. 5, The nineteenth century : in two parts
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 3C, [Writings of 1723-1728 (III)] : Hérode et Mariamne
The night watch
A new history of French literature
Round the world again in 80 days : (mon premier voyage). Jean Cocteau
The object of literature
Michel Tournier : philosophy and fiction
The Count of Monte Cristo
Absent without leave : French literature under the threat of war
The map and the territory
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The background of modern French poetry : essays and interviews
The complete Justine, Philosophy in the bedroom and other writings
The stranger
Fool's plays : a study of satire in the sottie
Second simplicity : new poetry and prose, 1991-2011
Critical essays on Albert Camus
Studies French and English
French literature and its background. 3, The eighteenth century
Portrait of André Gide : a critical biography
From Baudelaire to surrealism
The romance literatures. 2, French literature
Actes de New Orleans
The one who was standing apart from me. Maurice Blanchot
The novelists' inheritance in French Africa : writers from Senegal to Cameroon
Sainte-Beuve : a portrait of the critic, 1804-1842
Journey to the center of the earth
The "Philosophe" in the French drama of the eighteenth century
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 73, Writings of 1771.
French literature and its background. 1, The sixteenth century
French literature and its background. 5, The late nineteenth century
French literature : a cultural history
Irony/humor : critical paradigms
The college of sociology (1937-39)
And, nonetheless: selected prose and poetry 1990-2009
Situations. 3
Masochism
The Oxford companion to French literature
Transforming trauma into fiction : Marguerite Duras's India cycle
Proustian space
Les Œuvres complètes de Voltaire. 20 A, Writings of 1739-1741
African Francophone writing : a critical introduction
The writer of modern life : essays on Charles Baudelaire
The aftermath of war : (Situations III)
Born in Switzerland and a longtime resident of France, Philippe Jaccottet (b. 1925) is one of the essential European poets. His most recent collections of poems and poetic prose texts include the four volumes from which this selection has been made: Cahier de verdure (Notebook of Greenery, 1990), Apres beaucoup d'annees (After Many Years, 1994), Et, neanmoins (And, Nonetheless, 2001) and Ce peu de bruits (These Slight Noises, 2008). He has translated numerous German, Italian and Spanish poets into French. He is also the author of several volumes of literary criticism, and has written Le bol du pelerin (The Pilgrim's Bowl, 2001), a perspicacious study of the art of Giorgio Morandi. His collected writings are soon to be published as a volume in Gallimard's "Pleiade" series, a rare honor for a living author. He has been awarded several European literary prizes, including the Petrarch Prize and the Schiller Prize, Switzerland's highest literary distinction.
The persuasive stile of the young George Sand
Yves Bonnefoy, now 87 years old, has enjoyed during the past two decades perhaps the most prolific and innovative period of his splendid lifework. This volume presents in English and French an inviting array of his recent writings, carefully selected for their literary quality as well as their broad appeal. It features several works never published before and many that have never been translated into English. The first anthology of Bonnefoy's work to appear since 1995, this collection reflects the poet's powerful engagement with the New England landscape, where quiet woods and fields have given shape to the pared-down aesthetic of his recent years. This book is the first to showcase not only the poetry for which Bonnefoy is justly renowned but also his inventive compositions in prose. Appropriately, this book alternates more traditional verse with freer forms, just as the author has done in several major works of the past twenty years; that symbiotic approach is one of the hallmarks of this latter phase of his art. Masterfully translated by Hoyt Rogers, the collection is organized chronologically, revealing clearly how the poet continues to extend and refine his scope and style. Rogers provides a penetrating introduction in which he analyzes aspects of Bonnefoy's recent writings and the 'second simplicity' that characterizes his late work.
The English origins of old French literature
French realism : the critical reaction 1830-1870
The freedom of French classicism
The plague
Fictional technique in France 1802-1927 : an introduction
The lyric encyclopedia of Raymond Queneau
A history of French literature : from Chanson De Geste to cinema
A short history of French literature
Cool memories. 2, 1987-1990
The contemporary French novel
Lyrical and critical essays
Écrire sa vie, vivre son écriture : the autobiographical self-reflection of Annie Ernaux and Marguerite Duras
French literature and its background. 2, The seventeeth century
