http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17846 sauces
sauces
Garde manger : the art and craft of the cold kitchen
Nourish : vibrant salads to relish & refresh
100 hot & spicy sauces
Barrafina : a Spanish cookbook
The Patissier's Art : professional breads, cakes, pies, pastries, and puddings
Sugar & spice
Cookwise : the hows and why of successful cooking
Cook's book of sauces : 100 foolproof recipes to transform an everyday dish into a feast, shown step by step in more than 500 photographs
Modern batch cookery
The art of French cooking
The top one hundred pasta sauces
Cook's book of sauces
The Penguin book of sauces
Onions without tears
Sauces : classical and contemporary sauce making
50 Salsas, Relishes & Dips : step-by-step
Salads & salad dressings : for foodservice menu planning
Pasta sauces : over 200 of the best recipes
The complete book of sauces
The book of light sauces & salad dressing
The Cajun & Creole cookbook : the very best of modern Louisiana cooking
Ten famous recipes : from the 100 year history of Tabasco
The big book of chocolate : 365 decadent and irresistible treats
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
The working garde manger
Specialty foods : processing technology, quality, and safety
Step by step guide to sauce-making
Sensory evaluation and consumer preference of wine and food combinations : influences of tasting techniques
The science of cooking
Asian pickles : India : recipes for Indian sweet, sour, salty, and cured pickles and chutneys
BBQ sauces, rubs and marinades for dummies : Traci Cumbay and Tom Schneider
Jams, chutneys and pickles
Lactic acid bacteria in marinades used for modified atmosphere packaged broiler chicken meat products
Dips, dollops and drizzles
The art and science of culinary preparation : a culinarian's manual
The best pasta sauces : favorite regional Italian recipes
Texture in food. Vol. 1, Semi-solid foods
Professional baking
The fair lady cookbook
Gourmet garnishes : creative ways to dress up your food
Determination of biogenic amines in food.
The salad book
The book of fondues
Professional garde manger : a comprehensive guide to cold food preparation
Fabulous French fruit cuisine : gourmet French fruit recipes from a master chef
Classic sauces and their preparation
Sauces : sweet and savoury, classic and new
The fundamental techniques of classic cuisine
Salsa : musica for your mouth
Bistro Laurent Tourondel : new American bistro cooking
The best pasta sauces : favourite regional Italian recipes
Snack food
Soups & sauces
Making Classic Sauces : a cook's collection of essentials
Dairy-based ingredients
The French have a word for it : mayonnaise
Salads : fresh and flavourful recipies - all year round
Boiled, poached, and steamed foods
Specialty food (SF) is a rapidly growing market sector, with an annual growth rate of 8-10%. SF products accounted for 13.1% of all retail food sales in 2010, reaching $55.9 billion in sales. One hundred thirty-eight million American consumers (46%) are purchasing specialty foods. Although specialty food products are marketed widely, by now there is no standard definition on specialty foods. Consumers, even processors and regulators, are confused by the term specialty foods. Specialty foods are generally considered unique and high-value food items made in small quantities from high-quality ingredients that offer distinct features to targeted customers who pay a premium price for perceived benefits. Increased production and sale of SF has increased concerns on product quality and safety due to several potential hazards. Many questions in respect to how specialty foods are different from other food sectors, specific processing technologies, controls on quality and microbial safety, etc., remain unanswered. With extensive searching, the only two published books on the subject of specialty foods focus on business development and marketing of specialty foods. There is no technical book on specialty foods from the food science discipline available. This book will be the first technical book on specialty foods. It will first discuss the unique characteristics of specialty food, the market, and consumer demands and trends, and then focus on each of the major specialty food segments by covering the key processing technologies, equipment needed, and controls on quality and food safety of the products"--Preface.
Food in Vogue : from Boulestin to Boxer
