http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17814 museum pieces
museum pieces museum artefacts
Imperial Chinese robes from the forbidden city
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 2, [Silver, bronze, other metals, prints, books, clock, walking sticks, stones, gemstones, amber, enamel, dolls, fans, musical instruments]
The care of antiques
Controlled environment for works of art in transit
Rigas vestures un kugnieciba muzejs = Museum of the History of Riga and Navigation = Das Rigaer Geschichts- und Schiffahrtsmuseum
Keeping their marbles : how the treasures of the past ended up in museums ... and why they should stay there
Creating authenticity : authentication processes in ethnographic museums
Royal armouries and their collections
Stealing history : tomb raiders, smugglers, and the looting of the ancient world
International law, museums and the return of cultural objects
The long way home : the meanings and values of repatriation
Od zore : križi iz zbirke Narodnega muzeja Slovenije = From dawn till dusk : crosses in the collection of the National Museum of Slovenia
Discussion of the issues surrounding the destruction of cultural property in times of conflict has become a key issue for debate around the world. This title provides an historical statement as of 1st March 2006 concerning the destruction of the cultural heritage in Iraq
A maritime fortress : the collections of the Wynn family at Belan Fort, c. 1750-1950
Essentials in the care and conservation of historical ceramic objects
The art collector's illustrated handbook : how to tell authentic antiques from fakes. Vol. 3, [Excavated art : Europe, Asia, America : Asian and African art]
The museum environment
Glass of the Roman empire
Open, show-case dialogue
Museums, objects and collections : a cultural study
A guide to Northern Athapaskan and Métis collections residing in museums and archives outside of the Northwest Territories
Going, going, gone : regulating the market in illicit antiquities
Handbook of museum technique
Museums, environment, energy : a publication of the Museums & Galleries Commission with the support of the Energy Efficiency Office
Electrotyping
Airborne particles in museums
The conservation centre : Masterplan
"'Authenticity' and authentication is at the heart of museums' concerns in displays, objects, and interaction with visitors. These notions have formed a central element in early thought on culture and collecting. Nineteenth century-explorers, commissioned museum collectors and pioneering ethnographers attempted to lay bare the essences of cultures through collecting and studying objects from distant communities. Comparably, historical archaeology departed from the idea that cultures were discrete bounded entities, subject to divergence but precisely therefore also to be traced back and linked to, a more complete original form in de (even) deeper past. Much of what we work with today in ethnographic museum collections testifies to that conviction. Post-structural thinking brought about a far-reaching deconstruction of the authentic. It came to be recognized that both far-away communities and the deep past can only be discussed when seen as desires, constructions and inventions. Notwithstanding this undressing of the ways in which people portray their cultural surroundings and past, claims of authenticity and quests for authentication remain omnipresent. This book explores the authentic in contemporary ethnographic museums, as it persists in dialogues with stakeholders, and how museums portray themselves." -- Publisher's website.
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
The destruction of cultural heritage in Iraq
Elizabeth : the exhibition at the National Maritime Museum
Participative strategies in collecting the present
Care and conservation of natural history collections
The plundered past
Coatings for display and storage in museums
A teacher's guide to learning from objects
MRM5 : museum registration methods
Treasures of Korean art : 2000 years of ceramics, sculpture and jeweled arts
Museum documentation system : museum object, card, instructions
Relative humidity and temperature pattern book : a guide to understanding and using data on the museum environment
British museum : a general introductory guide to the Egyptian collections in the British museum
Zemes idolum diabolicum : surprise and success in ethnographic Kunstkammer research
Rewritten, expanded and fully updated, MRM5 encompasses all that needs to be known and done when a museum accessions, measures, marks, moves, and displays or stores an object/artifact of any kind. MRM5 includes expert advice from more than 60 acknowledged leaders in their disciplines. New with the 5th edition are special teaching sections that challenge students and seasoned staff alike with questions about the process and procedures of accessioning and caring for objects.
Museum documentation system : ethnography/folk life, card, instructions
Russkoe serebro XIV-natšala XX veka iz fondov Gosudarstvennyh muzejev Moskovkogo Kremlja : albom = Russian silver of the fourteenth to early twentieth centuries from the Moscow Kremlin reserves
Museum studies : an anthology of contexts
Throne of the emperor
Managing conservation in museums
Horim misulkwan sojangp'um sǒnjip = Selected items out of Horim art museum. T'oja = [Earthenware]
Hoam sujip : Hanguk misul t'ǔkpyǒljǒn = Selected pieces of Korean art from the collection of mr. Byungchull Lee
The small world of antique dolls' houses
Curating archaeological collections : from the field to the repository
Technical reference file : standards for the care of museumcollections
Environmental management : guidelines for museums and galleries
Extreme collecting : challenging practices for 21st century museums
The museum conservation of ethnographic objects : [proceedings of the ninth Taniguchi International Symposium, held from 2 to 9 December, 1985, at the National Museum of Ethnology, Osaka, and at Kyuze-so, Otsu]
Utveckling av behandlingsmetoder för kulturhistoriskt material = Evolution of methods of treatment for historical objects
Guidelines on pollution control in museum buildings
Computer cataloguing of historic arms and armo[u]r : IAMAM third International Symposium, Firenze 28-30 October 1982.
Masterpieces of glass / : a selection
Who owns antiquity? : museums and the battle over our ancient heritage
Monitoring for gaseous pollutants in museum environments
Physical techniques in the study of art, archaeology and cultural heritage. Vol. 2
Wilanów collection
Selection of materials for the storage or display of museum objects
Plastics : looking at the future and learning from the past : papers from the conference held at the Victoria and Albert Museum, London, 23-25 May 2007
Official guide : National Museum of Anthropology
Insect pests in museums
Procedures and conservation standars for museum collections in transit and on exhibition
The "Sacco di Budapest" and depredation of Hungary 1938-1949 : works of art missing from Hungary as a result of the Second World War... : preliminary and provisional catalogue
Proceedings of the International Conference on Anthropology and the Museum
Vitalizing memory : international perspectives on provenance research
Environmental monitoring and control : preprints of the meeting held in the Angus Hotel, Dundee, on the 15th and 16th March 1989.
Introduction to the IRGMA documentation system. Part 1, 1976
Kollekciâ predmetov zoomorfnyh motivov v sobranii Nacional'nogo muzeâ Respubliki Komi : al'bom-katalog = Collection of items of zoomorphic motifs at the Komi Republican National Museum : cataloque-album = Komi respublikasa Nacional'nöj muzejyn pemös pertasa vöčömtor"âslön kollekciâ : al'bom-katalog
"The Museum of London's collection of pewter toys and miniatures, comprising some 1,800 items, is probably the largest and most important of its kind in the world." "This is the first comprehensive inter-disciplinary study undertaken and includes general information on manufacturing technique and production, makers and workshops, trade and distribution, function and form, as well as new research on the patrons and consumers of such miniatures."--BOOK JACKET.
26 things
Loot : tomb robbers, treasure and the great museum debate
Early Advances in Conservation : symposia, organized by the Department of Conservation of the British Museum, 1987
Repliker av reliker : repliktillverkningen vid Wasavarvets konserveringsavdelning = Replicas of relics : replica production at the conservation department of the Wasa Museum
Toys, trifles & trinkets : base-metal miniatures from London 1200 to 1800
Asia-Europe marketplace of museums : sharing cultural heritage : report on the Asia-Europe conference on sharing cultural heritage, Leiden, April 2002
The Korean relics in Western Europe
Contemporary collecting : theory and practice
The organic chemistry of museum objects
Moulding and casting of museum objects : using siliconerubber and epoxyresin
Narrating objects, collecting stories : essays in honour of professor Susan M. Pearce
North America in the European Wunderkammer before 1750 : with a preliminary checklist
Learning from objects
Suspended : on the lightness of stone : kinetic sculptures by Justin Fiske in a dialogue with the Museum der Kulturen
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
War-booty : a common European cultural heritage : an international symposium at the Royal Armoury 29-31 May, 2008
Hanguk munhwajae Miguk sojang = The Korean relics in the United States. 2, Honollullu misulgwan ..
Caring for your collections
The First World War in 100 objects
Caring for collections : a manual of preventive conservation
Planning the documentation of museum collections
The National Trust manual of housekeeping : care and conservation of collections in historic houses
Mount-making for museum objects
Conservation of cultural property, Methodology for sampling from materials of cultural property : general rules
Iskusstvo skani = The art of filigree
Nomenclature for museum cataloging : a system for classifying man-made objects
Cent objets disparus : pillage en Afrique = One hundred missing objects : looting in Africa
The organic chemistry of museum objects / John S. Mills, Raymond White
Antiques : their restoration and preservation
International workshop on flexible materials in Asian collections, exchange of approaches to conservation, presentation and use
Conservation and exhibitions : packing, transport, storage, and environmental considerations
Cent objets disparus : pillage a Angkor = One hundred missing objects : looting in Angkor
Caring for basketry
Manual of curatorship : a guide to museum practice
Steklo iz 15. in 16 stoletja = 15th and 16th century glass
Advances in the protection of museum collections from earthquake damage : papers from a symposium held at the J. Paul Getty Museum at the Villa on May 3- 4, 2006
Guidelines for selecting materials for exhibit, storage and transportation
After Sputnik : 50 years of the space age
Care  of collections
Dolls' houses : from the V&A museum of childhood
Lost in the museum : buried treasures and the stories they tell
Preventive conservation : practice, theory and research
The map of lost memories : a novel
Storage : papers given at a UKIC conference Restoration '91, London in October 1991
Mount-making for museum objects / by Robert Barclay, André Bergeron, and Carole Dignard ; with illustrations by Carl Schlichting
Wallace Collection catalogues : objects of art (illustrations)
Nokia 3310 GSM mobile phone
Museum collection storage
The secret museum
Conservation of cultural property, Packing principles for transport
Museum object A5 card instructions : IRGMA record cards. Part 2, 1976.
Hebei Sheng bo wu guan wen wu jing pin ji = Treasures from Hebei Provincial Museum
Monuments men : allied heros, Nazi thieves, and the greatest treasure hunt in history
Effects of light on materials in collections : data on photoflash and related sources
Color science in the examination of museum objects : nondestructive procedures
Housing the reserve collections of the Canadian museum of civilization
Biodeterioration of cultural property : proceedings of the International Conference on Biodeterioration of Cultural Property, February 20-25, 1989, held at National Research Laboratory for Conservation of Cultural Property, in collaboration with ICCROM and INTACH
The gentle art of applied pressure / by Robert Barclay, Carole Dignard, and Carl Schlichting
The conservation of antiquities and works of art : treatment, repair, and restoration
Moving the mountain : the Science Museum of Minnesota guide to moving collections
Conservation of cultural property, Condition recording for movable cultural heritage
Mamsell clock
Contested objects : material memories of the Great War
A history of the world in 100 objects
Have artifacts: will travel (safely)
Matters of conflict : material culture, memory and the First World War
Risk assessment for object conservation
