http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17818 regeneration (biology)
regeneration (biology)
Embryonic and Somatic Stem Cells - Regenerative Systems for Cell and Tissue Repair : 2nd Biennial Leopoldina Conference and Final Meeting of the Stem Cell Priority Program 1109 of the German Research Foundation (DFG)
Plant inducible responses to damage : evolution and ecological implications
Principles of developmental genetics
Urban regeneration in the UK
Restrictions in the proliferative potential of inner ear hair cells and supporting cells
Sox2-positive stem and progenitor cells in tooth renewal and odontogenic tumors
Regeneration of injured skeletal muscle : an experimental study in rats
The regulation of neuroinflammation by nuclear factor kappa B and apolipoprotein E
The global politics of human embryonic stem cell science : regenerative medicine in transition
Plant cell and tissue culture
A history of regeneration research : milestones in the evolution of a science
Fundamentals of heat exchanger design
Regeneration by seeds and vegetation structure in alpine plant communities, subarctic Finland
Textbook of neural repair and rehabilitation. Volume 1, Neural repair and plasticity
Principles of regenerative medicine
The senses : a comprehensive reference. Vol. 4, Olfaction and taste
New perspectives in regeneration
Wood as a model material for medical biomaterials : in vivo and in vitro studies with bone and Betula pubescens Ehrh
Regeneration from seed in a neotropical rain forest
The Routledge companion to urban regeneration
Thin cell layer culture system : regeneration and transformation applications
JNK signaling and induction of mitosis in wound healing in the wing imaginal disc of Drosophila melanogaster
Effects of silica based biomaterials on bone marrow derived cells : material aspects of bone regeneration
Spontaneous somatic embryogenesis and plant regeneration of Angelica archangelica
Abstract: Utilization of green liquor sediment.
Myoblast sheet transplantation for treatment of heart failure after myocardial infarction
Principles of regenerative biology
Regenerative biology of the spine and spinal cord
Regeneration ecology of oak, Quercus robur L. : influence of cotyledons and soil type on growth and nutrient uptake in seedlings
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
In search of a deuterostome invertebrate model on regeneration : the case for Ciona intestinalis and Amphiura filiformis
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
Regulation of self-renewal and detection of karyotypic changes of pluripotent human embryonic stem cells
Plant community regeneration and species diversity in dry calcareous grasslands
Regeneration of vertebrate sensory receptor cells
Regulation of murine embryonic stem cell self-renewal by integrin-ECM interactions
Textbook of neural repair and rehabilitation. Volume 2, Medical neurorehabilitation
The recovery of the immune system and its implications in pediatric allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation
Regeneration capacity of the submandibular gland in rat and mouse
Utilization of green liquor sediment
Cardiac growth and regeneration
Summary.
Human bone marrow stem cells : a novel aspect to bone remodelling and mesenchymal diseases
Peripheral nerve degeneration and regeneration after neurolytic neural blocks
The memory wars : Freud's legacy in dispute
Plant strategies, vegetation processes, and ecosystem properties
Studying the role of sirtuin-1 gene in the maintenance of mouse intestinal epithelium
Environmental chemistry
Ammonia regeneration in nickel matte chloride leaching
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 4, Adonis Attis Osiris : studies in the history of Oriental religion
Wound healing for plastic surgeons
Factors affecting regeneration of Quercus robur in a temperate deciduous forest in southern Sweden
Gene expression profiling of human skin donor site wound healing to guide novel regenerative therapies
Regenerative biology and medicine
Seedling development of four tree species in secondary tropical dry forest in Guanacaste, Costa Rica
