http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17815 artefacts of cultural value
artefacts of cultural value
The monuments men
The "Sacco di Budapest" and depredation of Hungary 1938-1949 : works of art missing from Hungary as a result of the Second World War... : preliminary and provisional catalogue / compiled by László Mravik
The art of Byzantium and the medieval West : selected studies
Law and the cultural heritage. Vol. 3, The movement
Byzantine art in the collection of Soviet Museums
Law, ethics and the visual arts
The art of the internet : a study of illegal online trading in cultural goods
Cultural treasures moved because of the war - a cultural legacy of the Second World War documentation and research on losses : documentation of the international meeting in Bremen (3-.11.-2.12.1994)
Matter matters : art education and material culture studies
Art, Cultural Heritage, and the Law is one of the first and most comprehensive legal casebooks to address the rapidly emerging fields of art and cultural heritage law. It is also distinctive in its extensive use of an interdisciplinary approach and images to illustrate the artworks discussed in the legal materials. This book addresses artists' rights (freedom of expression, copyright, and moral rights); the functioning of the art market (dealers and auction houses, warranties of quality and authenticity, transfer of title and recovery of stolen art works, and the role of museums), and finally cultural heritage (the fate of art works and cultural objects in time of war, the international trade in art works and cultural objects, the historic, archaeological and underwater heritage of the United States, and indigenous cultures, focusing on restitution of Native American cultural objects and human remains, and appropriation of indigenous culture). The third edition retains the basic structure of the earlier editions while updating case law, policies and events. It includes cutting edge legal developments, such as the new decisions in the Fisk University dispute, Bakalar v. Vavra, and Cassirer v. Spain, United States ratification of the 1954 Hague Convention, restitutions of ancient art works from US museums to Italy and other countries, and application of museum policies. Expanded and updated treatment is given to art merchant practices, functioning of the art market, and the use of civil forfeiture to recover illegally imported cultural objects.
Monuments men : Allied heroes, Nazi thieves, and the greatest treasure hunt in history
Amulets from the Islamic world
Between the hands and under the eyes : everyday objects
Zhongguo wenwu jinghua = Gems of China's cultural relics
Countering illicit traffic in cultural goods : the global challenge of protecting the world's heritage
Unpacking culture : art and commodity in colonial and postcolonial worlds
Stop heritage crime : good practices and recommendations
Really useful : the origins of everyday things
Art treasures of Seoul : with walking tours
Objects of myth and memory : American Indian art at The Brooklyn Museum
A history of the world in 100 objects
Books as history : the importance of books beyond their texts
From Byzantion to Istanbul : 8000 years of a capital ; June 5 - September 4, 2010, Sabanci University, Sakip Sabanci Museum, Istanbul /.
Studies in Aegean decorative art : antecedents and sources of the Mycenaean ceramic decoration
Conservation of cultural property, Methodology for sampling from materials of cultural property : general rules
Commentary on the UNESCO 1970 Convention on the means of prohibiting and preventing the illicit import, export and transfer of ownership of cultural property
The collector's voice : critical readings in the practice of collecting. Vol. 3, Imperial voices
Treasures into tractors : the selling of Russia's cultural heritage, 1918-1938
Religious objects in museums : private lives and public duties
Chinese and Japanese Cloisonné Enamels
Art, cultural heritage, and the law : cases and materials
The Terracotta Army and treasures of the First Emperors of China
Thinking through things : theorising artefacts in ethnographic perspective
Testimony of history
Museums and Europe 1992
The ethics of collecting cultural property : whose culture? whose property?
Punic antiquities of Malta and other ancient artefacts held in ecclesiastic and private collections
Artifacts of copper and copper alloys in prehistoric Bohemia from the viewpoint of analyses of element composition II
Everyday objects : medieval and early modern material culture and its meanings
Rational decision- making in preservation of cultural property
The collector's voice : critical reading in the practice of collecting. Volume 1, Ancient voices
Decorative arts from the Middle Ages to the Renaissance : the complete plates
Playing darts with a Rembrandt : public and private rights in cultural treasures
The Maya Guide
The evolution of useful things
Caring for the past : issues in conservation for archaeology and museums
Amulets : a world of secrets power, charms and magic
The wealth of the dark continent : representations of African objects in the illustrations of European travel literature / Leila Koivunen
The material life of human beings : artifacts, behavior, and communication
Summary: "Travel, Collecting, and Museums of Asian Art in Nineteenth-Century Paris examines transnational relations and intercultural exchange between modern Europe and Asia. At the core of the study are three major collectors, Enrico (Henri) Cernuschi, Emile Guimet, and Edmond de Goncourt, whose practices are analyzed to illuminate a larger history of East-West contact. The book takes an original approach that includes such overlooked issues as the impact of monetary histories and theories on European collections of Asian objects; the somatics of travel; collecting, writing, and display as polymorphous narratives of identity. Travel is a framing argument. By examining European reports of journeys through Asia and also diaries of Japanese and Chinese visitors to Europe in the nineteenth century the book highlights the social relations and foreign labors that are constitutive of museums but typically left out of analysis."--.
The return of cultural treasures
Elizabeth : the exhibition at the National Maritime Museum
Treasures of Valamo : exhibition at the cultural centre, monestary of New Valamo
Crime goes underground ; Receiving stolen goods ; Restraining orders in Sweden ; The online sexual solicitation by adults of children in Sweden ; Threats and violence against prison and probation service staff
The origin of things : a cultural history of man
Vikings : the battle of the ends of time
Objects : reluctant witnesses to the past
Summary (s. 7-13).
Fibula, fabula, fact : the Viking Age in Finland
Monks and merchants : Silk Road treasures from Northwest China, Gansu and Ningxia, 4th-7th century
Witnesses to history : a compendium of documents and writings on the return of cultural objects
Radiography of cultural material
Notes on the ethnology of Tibet : based on the collections in the U.S. National Museum
Artistic and cultural exchanges between Europe and Asia, 1400-1900 : rethinking markets, workshops and collections
Going, going, gone : regulating the market in illicit antiquities
Cypriot bronzework in the Mycenaean world
Making Museum Collections: Missionary Hilja Heiskanen's Himalayan artefacts
Treasures : National Museum, New Delhi
Evocative objects : things we think with
Cultural histories of the material world
In 2004, the Ministry of Justice ordered an investigation into the antiques and art trade within the framework of the 'Organised Crime Prevention Programme'. It emerged from this investigation that Internet auctions are gaining ground compared to normal auctions. A survey carried out in 2007 by Interpol indicates an increase in illicit trafficking in cultural goods on the web; however, it is difficult to assess the precise role of the Internet within this illegal trade, and the way buyers and sellers go about their business on the web. To gain better insight into the nature and scale of the trade in cultural goods on the Internet, the Ministry of Education, Culture and Science commissioned exploratory research. The research comprised a literature study, interviews with experts and an Internet search. In "The art of the internet", the researchers present their findings.
Commentary on the UNIDROIT Convention on Stolen and Illegally Exported Cultural Objects 1995
Production and exchange of stone tools : prehistoric obsidian in the Aegean
Mongolia : the legacy of Chinggis Khan
Displaying loot : the Benin objects and the British Museum
The collector's voice : critical reading in the practice of collecting. Volume 2, Early voices
Sephardi jews in the Ottoman empire : aspects of material culture
Some readings would see Barbie as reproducing ethnicity and gender in a particularly coarse and damaging way - a cultural icon of racism and sexism. Rogers develops a broader, more challenging picture. She shows how the cultural meaning of Barbie is more ambiguous than the narrow, appearance-dominated model that is attributed to the doll. For a start, Barbie's sexual identity is not clear-cut. Similarly her class situation is ambiguous. But all interpretations agree that, with her enormous range of lifestyle 'accessories', Barbie exists to consume.
The European expansion to Asia was driven by the desire for spices and Asian luxury products. Its results, however, exceeded the mere exchange of commodities and precious metals. The meeting of Asia and Europe signaled not only the beginnings of a global market but also a change in taste and lifestyle that influences our lives even today. Manifold kinds of cultural transfers evolved within a market framework that was not just confined to intercontinental and intra-Asiatic trade. In Europe and Asia markets for specific cultural products emerged and the transfers of objects affected domestic arts and craft production. Traditionally, relations between Europe and Asia have been studied in a hegemonic perspective, with Europe as the dominant political and economic centre. Even with respect to cultural exchange, the model of diffusion regarded Europe as the centre, and Asia the recipient, whereby Asian objects in Europe became exotica in the Kunst- und Wunderkammern. Conceptions of Europe and Asia as two monolithic regions emerged in this context. However, with the current process of globalization these constructions and the underlying models of cultural exchange have come under scrutiny. For this reason, the book focuses on cultural exchange between different European and Asian civilizations, whereby the reciprocal complexities of cultural transfers/exchange are at the centre of observation. By investigating art markets, workshops and collections in Europe and Asia the authors exemplify the varieties of cultural exchange. The book examines the changing roles of Asian objects in European material culture and collections and puts a special emphasis on the reception of European visual arts in colonial settlements in Asia as well as in different Asian societies.
Byzanz - das Römerreich im Mittelalter = Byzantium - the Roman Empire in the middle ages = Byzance - l'Empire Romain au moyen age
Perspectives on object-centered learning in museums
Heritage of the North Sea Region : conservation and interpretation
Bibliophiles and bibliothieves : the search for the Hildebrandslied and the Willehalm Codex
Handbook of national regulations concerning the export of cultural property
Decoration, curios, evidence : home museums and the artist as collector / Leila Koivunen
Procedural work on artefacts
Protecting cultural objects through international documentation standards : a preliminary survey
Love objects : emotion, design, and material culture
In the oriental style : a sourcebook of decoration and design
"War trophies" from World War 2. in Russia - robbery or restitution?
The wealth of the dark continent : representations of African objects in the illustrations of European travel literature
Lost, stolen or shredded : stories of missing works of art and literature
Counterheritage : critical perspectives on heritage conservation in Asia
Protecting the cultural heritage : (national legislations and international conventions)
A catalogue of the works of art from the collection of the Kunsthalle Bremen lost during evacuation in the Second World War
Who owns objects? : the ethics and politics of collecting cultural artefacts : proceedings of the first St Cross - All Souls seminar series and workshop, Oxford, October-December 2004
Ancient cities of the Indus Valley civilization
The Amber Room : the fate of the world's greatest lost treasure
Archaeological artefacts as material culture
Travel, collecting, and museums of Asian art in nineteenth-century Paris
Export licensing for cultural goods : procedures and guidance for exporters of works of art and other cultural goods : a Department of National Heritage Notice
Keeping their marbles : how the treasures of the past ended up in museums ... and why they should stay there
The long way home : the meanings and values of repatriation
Who owns antiquity? : museums and the battle over our ancient heritage
Looking at other cultures : works of art as icons of memory
The Cretan collection in Oxford : the Dictaean Cave and Iron Age Crete
Shamanic regalia in the Far North
The formation of Chinese civilization : an archaeological perspective
The Hungarian crown and other regalia
The trials of the ancient mind
Cultural heritage crime : the Nordic dimension
Conservation of cultural property, Packing principles for transport
One hundred years ago, missionary Hilja Heiskanen brought the first Tibetan  and Bhutanese museum collections to Finland.1 The first collection was acquired  by the National Museum in 1908, the second in 1912. At the beginning of the  20th century, Miss Heiskanen worked in the Baxa Duar and Darjeeling districts  in India for nine years in all as a member of the Scandinavian Alliance Mission,  whose original initiative was to convert Tibetans. This interest can be seen in the  contents of the two collections. Heiskanen grouped the 65 items included in the  first collection as Religious items from Tibet, with additions of Bhutanese, Tibetan  and Hindu items.2 The second collection is larger, 121 numbers, and, according to  the description given by Heiskanen, it consists mainly of various Tibetan items.3  Some of these objects are presented in this paper. According to the theme of  the workshop Himalayan Nature: Representations and Reality held in Helsinki in  March 2008, items made of organic material, mostly of plant parts, are examined  more closely. This means a group of various objects and samples from ritual  items, such as incense, to the non-sacral utility goods, like sheep fat and samples  of foodstuffs. The main effort has been in identifying the natural materials as far  as possible, and, secondly, to give a short description of the customary use of the  chosen items. Thus the purpose has been to contextualize particular items into  particular cultural environments. Natural materials and the items made of them  can and do draw connecting links into wider cultural contexts concerning many  layers of life.
The "Sacco di Budapest" and depredation of Hungary 1938-1949 : works of art missing from Hungary as a result of the Second World War... : preliminary and provisional catalogue
International sales of works of art
Properties of culture, culture as property : pathways to reform in post-Soviet Siberia
La restauration des objets d'art : aspects juridiques et éthiques = The restoration of works of art : legal and ethical aspects
International law, museums and the return of cultural objects
