http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17817 discourse
discourse
A bridge builder or raconteur? : how Japan manoeuvres the global development discourse within the TICAD process
Changing voices in early years curricula : an example from Finnish pre-school education
Discontented geopolitics of other European spaces
Abstract.
Decontextualizing teachers' knowledge: Finnish didactics and teacher education curricula during the 1980s and 1990s
The crosslinguistics of zero-marking of spatial relations
Interpreting as a discourse process
The development state : aid, culture & civil society in Tanzania
"The longer I stay here, the less I really know about anything" : Finnish missionaries' discourses concerning their adaptation and communication competence in Japan
Historical awareness and social criticism in Sylvia Plath's poetry : a case study of three poems
Social media discourse, (dis)identifications and diversities
The scientification of religion : an historical study of discursive change, 1800-2000
Encyclopedia of language and education. Vol. 3, Discourse and education
Occupy : the spatial dynamics of discourse in global protest movements
Subject terms by author: cooperative team meeting, eye contact, narrative approach, storytelling, psychiatric care, unspoken story
The language dance around plastic bags
An introduction to discourse analysis : theory and method
Of interest in their own terms as a significant cultural practice, reading groups also provide a window on the everyday interpretation of literary texts. While reading is often considered a solitary process, reading groups constitute a form of social reading, where interpretations are produced and displayed in discourse. The Discourse of Reading Groups is a study of such joint conceptual activity, and how this is necessarily embedded in interpersonal activity and the production of reader identities. Uniquely in this context it draws on, and seeks to integrate, ideas from both cognitive and social linguistics. The book will be of interest to scholars in literacy studies as well as cultural and literary studies, the history of reading, applied linguistics and sociolinguistics, digital technologies and educational research.
Good English teaching in students' talk : a discourse-analytic study
Academic voices : across languages and disciplines
Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance
Multimodality, cognition, and experimental literature
Discourse and crisis : critical perspectives
Perspectives on the narrative construction of emotions
Sociology as a discursive space - the coming age of a new orthodoxy
English teachers as constructed in the language learning autobiographies written by university students : a discursive study
"Plants are living too" The diverse carnism of fur farming discourses in Finland : values and institutions
Language and globalization
The last cannibals : a South American oral history
Hate speech against the roma in Romania : discourse analysis on three Romanian newspapers' Internet forums
Durkheim in dialogue : a centenary celebration of the elementary forms of religious life
Decontextualizing pedagogy : the rise of didactic closure in Finnish teacher-education
Consciousness in narrative : a case study of women's fiction 1688-1922
Current traditions in the ethnography of political discourse (speech) in Finland : the profile of the Finnish politician
The discourse track
This volume serves as an in-depth investigation of the diversity of means and practices that constitute (dis)identification and identity construction in social media. Given the increasing prevalence of social media in everyday life and the subsequent growing diversity in the types of participants and forms of participation, the book makes the case for a rigorous analysis of social media discourses and digital literacy practices to demonstrate the range of semiotic resources used in online communication that form the foundation of (dis)identification processes. Divided into two major sections, delineating between the (dis)identification of the self across various social categories and the (dis)identification of the self in relation to the "other", the book employs a discourse-ethnographic approach to highlight the value of this type of theoretical framework in providing nuanced descriptions of identity construction in social media and illuminating their larger, long-term societal and cultural implications.
Asylum seeking continues to be a highly emotive and politically charged issue. This book analyses social work through the concept of 'xenoracism' to challenge the outdated concepts of racism that still pervade social work. Using discourse analysis, it explores how language is used to construct asylum seekers in specific ways within social workers' narratives. It illuminates how the deployment of specific linguistic resources legitimates these constructs by rendering them as reasonable and acceptable ways of viewing asylum seekers. Asylum Seekers, Social Work and Racism demonstrates how racist discourse and exclusionary tendencies can occur without reference to overt forms of racism that are based on biological categorisations. Significantly, Masocha illustrates how social workers can counteract these exclusionary tendencies through their discursive practices. In demonstrating the complexities and ever-shifting contours of exclusionary discourse, it will be of great interest for researchers, students and practitioners alike. --taken from Publisher's website.
Rational choice and democratic deliberation : a theory of discourse failure
The orders of discourse : philosophy, social science, and politics
Debating Europe : the 2009 European Parliament elections and beyond
Science as power : discourse and ideology in modern society
A modern Pearl Harbor : a critical metaphorical analysis of news reporting the war in Afganistan
Gendered representations of leadership : profiles of female leaders in the global business press
Construction of civil society in Estonia : discursive and institutional changes
Gender on corporate boards : a discourse analysis of a debate of gender quotas on an internet discussion site
Towards multiculturalism in Turkish public service broadcasting : the dilemma of Kurdish language and cultural diversity
Teacher turn-allocation and repair practices in classroom interaction : a multisemiotic perspective
Terrorism in realism : exploring the war on terror in epistemology and discourse
Discourse and the Other : the Production of the Afro-American Text
Discourse analysis on mass media news articles about second-generation biofuels
The discursive construction of leader identity: Tim Cook in a broadcast interview
Philosophy of world revolution : a contribution to an anthology of theories of revolution
Language, literature and discourse : a festschrift in honour of professor A. L. Oleyele
Face-saving and epistemic modality
Fuzzy coherence : making sense of continuity in hypertext narratives
Down to earth economy : the discursive contribution of sustainable consumption and production debate
Advances in discourse studies
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
Brothers at arms or in arms? : the contemporary geopolitical discourse on the future of the Ukrainian-Russian border
Business-men and European Women : constructions of workplace diversity in a multinational technology company
From Social Responsibility to Environmental Responsibility - Changes in the Finnish Business Discourse from 1970 to 1995
Totalitarian political discourse? : tolerance and intolerance in Eastern and East Central European countries : diachronic and synchronic aspects
Regulation of dialogue : a theoretical model of conversation with an empirical application
The said and the unsaid : mind, meaning, and culture
Multilingualism, discourse, and ethnography
Analysing media discourses
Methods of approaching the study of discourse have developed rapidly in the last ten years, influenced by a growing interdisciplinary spirit among linguistics and anthropology, sociology, cognitive and cultural psychology and cultural studies, as well as among established sub-fields within linguistics itself. Among the more recent developments are an increasing 'critical' turn in discourse analysis, a growing interest in historical, ethnographic and corpus-based approaches to discourse, more concern with the social contexts in which discourse occurs, the social actions that it is used to take and the identities that are constructed through it, as well as a revaluation of what counts as 'discourse' to include multi-modal texts and interaction. Advances in Discourse Studies brings together contributions from leading scholars in the field, investigating the historical and theoretical relationships between new advances in discourse studies and pointing towards new directions for the future of the discipline. Featuring discussion questions, classroom projects and recommended readings at the end of each section, as well as case studies illustrating each approach discussed, this is an invaluable resource for students of interdisciplinary discourse analysis.
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
Irresponsible talk? Essays on the signification of economic activity.
Qualification as a discourse notion
The Importance of Semantics: Visual World Studies on Drawing Inferences and Resolving Anaphors
Since the turn of the millennium, there has seen an increase in the inclusion of typography, graphics and illustration in fiction. This book engages with visual and multimodal devices in twenty-first century literature, exploring canonical authors like Mark Z. Danielewski and Jonathan Safran Foer alongside experimental fringe writers such as Steve Tomasula, to uncover an embodied textual aesthetics in the information age. Bringing together multimodality and cognition in an innovative study of how readers engage with challenging literature, this book makes a significant contribution to the debates surrounding multimodal design and multimodal reading. Drawing on cognitive linguistics, cognitive psychology, neuroscience, semiotics, visual perception, visual communication, and multimodal analysis, Gibbons provides a sophisticated set of critical tools for analysing the cognitive impact of multimodal literature.
Pragmatic markers and pragmaticalization : lessons from false friends
Organising waste in the city : international perspectives on narratives and practices
Sourcebook on rhetoric : key concepts in contemporary rhetorical studies
Land of light and darkness : a comparative study of Finland in travel literature
Abstract: Who owns freshwater? : detecting and deconstructing discourses relating to community participation in water supply governance. The purpose of this dissertation was first to identify some of the common and prevailing discourses on community participation and water supply governance in developing countries as a whole, and South Africa in particular. Secondly, the study was intended to discuss why and how particular perceptions and practices continue to be so influential in the area of water supply governance. The research conducted for this dissertation consisted of an extensive and critical review of various forms of relevant secondary data. In the first part of this study, different definitions of community participation and water supply governance, as well as ideas on how and why these concepts are linked, were discussed in general terms. Postmodern theory relating to truth claims, power and discourses was also included in order to deploy a particular analysing tool for the second part of the study. The latter sections of the dissertation focused respectively on deconstructing topic-related South African governmental publications as well as analysing and discussing common water supply and community participation discourses in the framework of different South African case examples. This study found that discussions revolving around water supply easily become limited to contrasting public and private forms of ownership and management, although in actuality the same - largely neoliberal principles - often seem to guide both options. It was also discovered that new discourses are emerging, such as basic water supply as a universal human right and community participation in water supply governance as a form of empowerment for marginalised community members. Postmodern analysis, however, has additionally suggested that while decentralisation of water governance and participatory approaches are already becoming an integral part of water policies, this redefinition is still far from truly replacing the common centralising practices and influential neoliberal discourses.
"Guys, you know what I mean. And Ladies you probably do too." : other reference and audience specification in blogs
The Inclusion and Exclusion of Europe as a Discursive Strategy in Populist Political Rhetoric
Discourse and the construction of society : comparative studies of myth, ritual, and classification
This volume focuses on advances in research methodology in an interdisciplinary field framed by discourses of identity and interculturality. It includes a range of qualitative studies: studies of interaction, narrative studies, conversation analysis, ethnographic studies, postcolonial studies and critical discourse studies, and emphasizes the role of discourse and power in all studies of identity and interculturality. The volume particularly focuses on critical reflexivity in every stage of research, including reflections on theoretical concepts (such as 'identity' and 'interculturality') and their relationship with methodology and analytical practice, reflections on researcher identity and subjectivity, reflections on local and global contexts of research, and reflections on language choice and linguacultural aspects of data generation, analysis and communication.
Identity work and direct quotations in the press releases and on the websites of a Danish TV documentary on transnational adoption
Pragmatics, discourse and text : some systemically-inspired approaches
Discourse and Crisis: Critical perspectives brings together an exciting collection of studies into crisis as text and context, as unfolding process and unresolved problem. Crisis is viewed as a complex phenomenon that - in its prevalence, disruptiveness and (appearance of) inevitability - is both socially produced and discursively constituted. The book offers multiple critical perspectives: in-depth linguistically informed analyses of the discourses of power and collaboration implicated in crisis construal and recovery; detailed examination of the critical role that language plays during the crisis life-cycle; and further problematization of the semiotic-material complexity of crisis and its usefulness as an analytical concept. The research focus is on the discursive and interactive mediation of crisis in organizational, political and media texts. The volume contains contributions from across the world, offering a polyphonic overview of 'discourse and crisis' research. This impressive volume will be useful to researchers and academics working on the intersection of crisis, language and communication. It is also of interest to practitioners in organizational management, politics and policy, and media.
Confucian cultures of authority : edited by Peter D. Hershock and Roger T. Ames
Roots in China - childhood in America : the search of ethnic identity in between two cultures : the study of the mother-daughter dialogue in the film "The joy luck club"
Argumentation : analysis and practices
Miscommunication and its remedy: a corpus-based study of repairs in native/non-native speakers' dyadic conversations
EFL teachers talking about their use of computers at work : a discourse-analytic study
Post-merger organizational identification as a discursive phenomenon
Leisure, tourism and environment : participation, perception and preferences
Asylum seekers, social work and racism
The quest for an ideal youth in Putin's Russia II : the search for distinctive conformism in the political communication of Nashi, 2005-2009
Criminals and their scientists : the history of criminology in international perspective
Narrative : a critical linguistic introduction
The rhetoric of food : discourse, materiality, and power
"And now to the rest of the trash..." : representations of begging Roma and an ideal society in two Nordic newspapers
Large-scale protest movements have recently transformed urban common spaces into sites of resistance. The Arab Spring, the European Summer, the American Fall in 2011, the revolts in India and South Africa and, more recently, in Istanbul, in several cities in Brazil, and in Hong Kong, are part of a common wave of protests which reclaims squares and urban places, monumentally designed as political and economic centres, as places for discussion and decision-making, for increasing participation and intervention in the governance of the community. Through banners and signs, open assemblies, and other communicative practices in the encampments and interconnecting physical and virtual spaces, participants permanently reconfigure their lived spaces discursively. The attempt to account for on-going social phenomena from the moment they first happen, and with an international perspective, undoubtedly represents a theoretical and methodological challenge. This book is a successful and innovative attempt to address this challenge, capturing the complex interplay between social, spatial, and communicative practices, drawing on complementary and alternative methods. Originally published in Journal of Language and Politics issue 13:4 (2014)
Topic-invoked participation frameworks in "talk"-discussion programs
Magic and kingship in Medieval Iceland : the construction of a discourse of political resistance
The volume examines the role of narratives in old and new media. Its ten contributions firstly center on the various forms and functions narratives assume in computer-mediated environments, e.g. websites, weblogs, message boards, etc. In this light, past and present approaches to the description of narratives are presented and reevaluated based on their ability to capture the conceptual and methodological exigencies of new media. Secondly, the volume sheds new light upon the multimodal composition of new media narratives which typically feature multiple co-occurring semiotic modes such as speech, sound, text, static or moving images. In this vein, each paper explores a wide array of authentic examples from text genres as diverse as political speeches, real-time narratives and contemporary feature films. Its wide scope should not only appeal to linguists interested in the discursive and pragmatic dimension of narratives but also to scholars and students in other scientific disciplines.
Construction of the client in psychotherapy student s practical learning sessions: A discourse analytic study
Oh as a discourse marker
Discourses of deficit
Media ethnography, oral history and television : how to approach Finnish television history through reminiscenses?
The discourse of reading groups : integrating cognitive and sociocultural perspectives
Insights beyond neo-liberal educational practices : the value of discourse analysis
Discourses of war and peace
Metaphor in specialist discourse
Constructing a community : myths and realities of the Open Development Model
Functional syntax : anaphora, discourse and empathy
Identity and language discourses in elf context : a case study of five Finnish university students working in an international student organization in Finland
Academic discourse : linguistic misunderstanding and professorial power
Incendiary devices : discourses of the other
Categorizing work : knowing, arguing, and social dilemmas in vocational guidance
“I was a soldier in Kosovo”: Discourses of war in James Blunt's early musical career
Gender-specific features of male/female interaction in a popular romantic novel by Barbara Cartland
Transgressing discourses : communication and the voice of other
The semantics of free indirect discource : how texts allow us to mind-read and eavesdrop
A discourse analysis of discussions in the college classroom
Mediated discourses of transnational participation : a study of some discursive aspects of transnational networking
The role of mathematics discourse in producing leaders of discourse
Spatial strategies in descriptive discourse : use of signing space in Swedish sign language
Political discourse in transition in Europe, 1989-1991
The importance of semantics : visual world studies on drawing inferences and resolving anaphors
Competing motivations in grammar and usage
Decoding abortion rhetoric : communicating social change
Expressing social distance in Polish discourse : the use of the grammatical category of person
Haldane, Mayr, and beanbag genetics
Discursive leadership : in conversation with leadership psychology
Development discourses of the low human development index : countries in UN post-2015 discussion
Discourse and knowledge : the making of Enlightenment sociology
"Noise that annoys" : Rock music as a social problem in The Washington Post and The New Yourk Times in the 1980s
Liberation exhibitions as a commemorative membrane of socialist Hungary
Telling without tellers : the linguistic manifestation of literary communication in narrative fiction
Russian monarchy : eighteenth-century rulers and writers in political dialogue
Mediating discourse in a globalising world : analysing the language and communicative practices of transnational adoption
Thoughts from a divided nation: some English Canadian views on the question of bilingualism in Canada and its effect on identity formation
Concern over the future of the nation : a discourse analytical study on changes in Russian demographic policy in the years 2000-2010
Discourse in Signed Languages
Images of imperial legacy : modern discourses on the social and cultural impact of Ottoman and Habsburg rule in Southeast Europe
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
Special education contained in educational magazines and school practice in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia, 1958-1990
Articulating a new Nepal : discourses of transformation during the peace process between 2005 and 2012
Southern historiography in modern history : figural and philosophical aspects of historical discourse in Virginia and South Carolina, 1800-1844
Legislating equality : the politics of antidiscrimination policy in Europe
Verbal art of the Fon (Benin)
Rationalism of hopes : a discursive basis for a world culture of educational reforms?
Narrative, interrupted : the plotless, the disturbing and the trivial in literature
Discrimination for the sake of the nation : the discourse of the League of Polish Families against "others" 2001-2007
The year 1989 brought political upheavals in Central, Eastern and Southern Europe, the effects of which have not yet ended. The political discourse of the Cold War period disintegrated and gave way to competing alternatives. The contributors to this volume - linguists discourse analysts and social scientists - shed light on the two years of transition (1989-1991) during which political concepts and political interaction changed in dramatic and sometimes violent ways.
Voices in the media : discourse representation in articles about the case of Elián González in Time and Newsweek
Articulation of femininity in black metal lyrics : a case study on the lyrics of Cradle of Filth
Literary theories in praxis
Ways of reading : advanced reading skills for students of English literature
Untangling the Bramble briar : a structural approach
Firmly bolted into the air : wishful rationalism as a discursive basis for educational reforms?
This book presents research on the history of criminology from the late eighteenth to the mid-twentieth century in Western Europe (Austria, Britain, France, Germany, Italy) and in Argentina, Australia, Japan, and the United States. Approaching the history of criminology as a history of science and practice, the essays examine the discourse on crime and criminals that surfaced as part of different discourses and practices, including the activities of the police and the courts, parliamentary debates, media reports, as well as the writings of moral statisticians, jurists, and medical doctors. In addition, the book seeks to elucidate the relationship between criminological discourse and politics, society, and culture by providing a comparative study of the worldwide reception of Cesare Lombroso's criminal-anthropological ideas, the book seeks to elucidate the relationship between criminological discourse and politics, society, and culture.
Discourse in professional contexts
Social psychology and discourse
Academic and professional discourse genres in Spanish
Performing dreams : discourses of immortality among the Xavante of Central Brazil
Worlds of written discourse : [a genre-based view]
This study deals with competence-based curriculum development in higher education, in universities of applied sciences. Competence-based curricula have been launched with the Bologna process into European higher education over the last two decades, introducing student-centered curricula instead of earlier subject- centered curricula.  The present curriculum development started with the idea of collaboration to strengthen the teachers' agency. The administrative view was to implement the competence-based curriculum and new assessment criteria and to ensure their implementations. My idea as a responsive planner and head of the project was to offer a forum for interaction.  The theoretical frame of this study was constructed on the basis of curriculum theory and the change of paradigm within it. The aim of the study was to find out how teachers talk about curriculum and curriculum development. Much effort was given to the interpretation of their words and utterances. The research questions specified the aim of explaining what meanings were constructed and how they were understood as part of the interaction process.  The research questions were:  1. What meanings do teachers in an applied sciences university give to competence-based curriculum during the development process?  2. How are the meanings constructed in the development process of competence-based curriculum?  The research method was discourse analysis. The context of the study was the department of engineering in Oulu University of Applied Sciences. The participants were 15 teachers working as program leaders. The material consisted of six group discussions proceeding as a pedagogical process in 2009 - 2011. All meetings were recorded and transcribed.  Outcomes of the study consist of interpretation repertoires. Repertoires can be defined as situationally constructed varying ways to talk about curriculum development and curriculum.  Six interpretative repertoires for curriculum development practises were formed from the material. They were “coercion, duty, benefit, threat for the autonomy, initiative for reflection and toughening pedagogic leadership” –repertoires. They are linked to the themes of teachers' pedagogical practises and identity construction. The most dominant repertoire was coercion repertoire.  Seven interpretative repertoires were formed about the curriculum itself. They are repertoires of “formal learning, substance-centeredness, personal learning, knowledge-based, course-centeredness, student as an object and inconsistent relationship with the working life”. Based on the results, future directions and targets of the applied sciences curriculum work are reflected in the article.
Branding UNESCO : constructing organization image through audiovisual reprentations
The meaning of space in sign language : reference, specificity and structure in Catalan sign language discourse
Laughter, postcolonial discourse and anthropological representation : essay
Interactional perspectives on discourse : proceedings from the Organization in discourse 3 conference
Philosophy, literature and the human good
The conceptualization of 'welfare' in developing country : the case of contemporary Thailand (1932-2007)
Cultural discourses in CEF : how do they relate to EFL?
Factivity : its nature and acquisition
The written poem : semiotic conventions from Old to Modern English
The language, discourse, society reader
Conceiving environmental problems : a comparative study of scientific knowledge constructions and policy discourses in Ecuador and Norway
The quest for political myth and symbol in the political language of Akcja Wyborcza "Solidarność" and Sojusz Lewicy Demokratycznej between 1997 and 2001
Apprehending the criminal : the production of deviance in nineteenth-century discourse
John Maynard Keynes: language and method
Studies in functional discourse grammar
Children ́s discourse on development in online and offline fields : a study of positions and symbolic power
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses studied in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Philosophical discourse in Latvia
Part I The Still Waters of Narrative: The Boring and the PlotlessConversational and Authorial Disclosure in the Dialogue Novel: The Case of The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Resistance to Plot and Uneven Narrativity: A Journey from “A Boring Story” to The Rings of Saturn. What Happens When Nothing Happens: Interpreting Narrative Technique in the Plotless Novels of Nicholson Baker. Events Can Be Quoted (and Words Need Not Be). Pynchon's Poetics of Boredom: Cognitive and Textual Aspects of Novelistic Dreariness. Part II A Web of Sense: Interpreting the Disturbing and the Difficult Toward a Zoonarratology: Storytelling and Species Difference in Animal Comics. Watching a Tree Grow: Terrence Malick's The New World and the Nature of Cinema. Navigating—Making Sense—Interpreting (The Reader behind La Jalousie). History Impossible: Narrating and Motivating the Past. Unnatural Temporalities: Interfaces between Postmodernism, Science Fiction, and the Fantastic. The Imperfect Is Our Paradise: Intertextuality and Fragmentary Narration in Margaret Atwood's Alias Grace. Fragile Narrative Situations: Conrad Compared to Sebald. Part III Shadow of a Tail: Problems of AuthorshipName Change and Author Avatars in Varlam Shalamov and Primo Levi. Stranger than Fiction, or, Jerome David Salinger, Author of Lolita: Real, Implied and Fictive Authorship. Translators, Scoundrels and Gentlemen of Honor: Problems of Nabokov's Loyalty. Affordances of Form in Stanzaic Narrative Poetry. A Shadow on the Marble.
Quality on the move : discursive construction of higher education policy from the perspective of quality
Notions of nation : a critical discursive psychology perspective on the Isle of Man
African American women's language : discourse, education, and identity
Memory-based text processing
Alternative discourses in science fiction: human cloning in Glory Season (1993) by David Brin
Humorous texts : a semantic and pragmatic analysis
Shared-rhythm cooperation in cooperative team meetings in acute psychiatric inpatient care
What constitutes the pre-school curricula? : discourses of core curricula for pre-school education in Finland in 1972-2000
The effect of interrogative function on intonation in spontaneous and read Finnish
Emergent bilingual constructions : Finnish-Estonian codeswitching in interaction
Hidden contexts and invisible power relations : a Foucauldian reading of diversity research
"To speak kindly to him/them" as item of Assyrian political discourse
Lexical priming : a new theory of words and language
Observations on contractual speech acts
Linguistic repair in online discourse : the study of beauty video blogs
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
Poetic discourse
The aims of representation : subject, text, history
Summary.
Discourse and dialogue = Diskurs und Dialog
Conversational rhetoric : the rise and fall of a women's tradition, 1600-1900
Politics in science : high modulation of engagement in intelligent design discourse
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
Discourse markers and modal particles : categorization and description
Disability studies has engaged with discourse analysis in key works both from the UK and the USA. While the perspectives and analyses of discourse analysis have proved well suited for exploring disability, however, its methods have not been sufficiently developed in a disability studies context. Conversely, discourse analysts have traditionally been concerned with social issues and fields in which asymmetric power relations, marginalization, and discrimination play a central role, e.g. gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation, all of which share many analytical features with disability. But although efforts have been made to integrate disability into the discourse analysis and conversation analysis canon, the link between the two fields needs to be strengthened.This ground-breaking volume contributes to this link by thoroughly applying the analytical vocabulary of discourse analysis to issues that are central to the field of disability studies. It strengthens disability studies by supplying case studies of representations and constructions of disability and disabled people in discourse, theorizes the role played by language in the social construction of disability, and makes disability a more salient topic for discourse analysts.
Discourse and dialogue
Islamic discourse of the muslim students in the state university in Java
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Notes on Jaspers' theory of communication
Collaborative Curriculum Development and Meanings Given to it by Teachers
Studies in Swedish Sign Language : reference, real space blending, and interpretation
Speaking from Elsewhere : a new contextualist perspective on meaning, identity and discursive agency
Official tourism websites : a discourse analysis perspective
Any questions? : identity construction in academic conference discussions
Geographies of Kenyan working class conditions : development discourses examined in the light of authentic observations of self-employment with its consequences made by Kenyan working class individuals
Strategy as discursive construction in the Finnish Defence Forces
Who owns freshwater?  : Detecting and Deconstructing Discourses Relating to Community Participation in Water Supply Governance
Texts "con and pro" : the early modern medical controversy over tobacco
Discourses and decision making : a case study of a relocating town
Narrative revisited : telling a story in the age of new media
Saddam's word : political discourse in Iraq
"Outlawed discourse" - some observations on the nature of literary communication
Variation and change in spoken and written discourse : perspectives from corpus linguistics
Language of the future, language of the PRC : representations of Putonghua in South China Morning Post
How to do discourse analysis : a toolkit
Culture & truth : the remaking of social analysis
The linguistic turn in retrospect
Perspectives on discourse : proceedings from the 1998 and 1999 discourse symposia at Växjö University
Disability and discourse analysis
Imagining economics otherwise : encounters with identity/difference
Using English - a look at linguistic etiquette
Outsourcing the war when jobs flee : a mixed-methods approach to the story of outsourcing
David Crystal's introduction to language : a complete course /by David Crystal
The handbook of narrative analysis
Researching identity and interculturality
"Experience the real New Zealand - Maori culture as it is today" : representations of New Zealand and Maoris in Maori tourism websites
Events, phrases, and questions
Literary studies in reconstruction : an introduction to literature
Genre theory in the past few years has contributed immensely to our understanding of the way discourse is used in academic, professional and institutional contexts. However, its development has been constrained by the nature and design of its applications, which have invariably focused on language teaching and learning, or communication training and consultation. This has led to the use of simplified and idealised genres. In contrast to this, the real world of discourse is complex, dynamic and unpredictable. This tension between the real world of written discourse and its representation in app.
The corporate image of Rautaruukki : a reception study and textual analysis of Rautaruukki's brochures, advertisements and Internet pages
Discursive matrixes of motherhood : cultivating decency and emotion in Finnish and French mother-talk
The handbook of conversation analysis
Mindmapping China : language, discourse and advertising in China
The representation of women and men in Collins Cobuild English Language Dictionary
The body of war : media, ethnicity, and gender in the break-up of Yugoslavia
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
Storytelling of Cooperative Team Meetings in Acute Psychiatric Care
