http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17808 loss (feeling)
loss (feeling)
The trouble with Alice
Sweet deception
A dictionary of mutual understanding
An Impossible Decision is the true story of Faye, a wonderful young woman who may never be able to parent her unborn child.
A million miles away
Beautiful chaos : a beautiful creatures novel
1. Bereavement researc and theory: An introduction to the Handbook / Stroebe, Margaret S.   2. The course of normal grief / Shuhter, Steven R.   3. Pathological grief reactions / Middleton, Warwick   4. Measurement issues in bereavement / Hansson, Robert O.   5. Grief as an emotion and as a disease: A socialconstructionist perspective / Averill, James R.   6. Bereavement as a psychosocial transition: Processes of adaptation to change / Parkes, Colin Murray   7. Grief: The social context of private feelings / Rosenblatt, Paul C.   8. Bereavement from the perspective of cognitive-experiental self-theory / Epstein, Seymour   9. Biobehavioral consequenses of loss in nonhuman primates: Individual differences / Laudenslager, Mark L.   10. Neuroendocrine changes following bereavement / Kim, Kathleen   11. Bereavement, depressive symptons, and immune function / Irwin, Michael   12. The mortality of bereavement: A review / Stroebe, Margaret S.   13. Psychological resilience among widowed men and women: A 10-year follow-up of a national sample / Mccrae, Robert R.   14. Determinants of adjustment to bereavement in younger widows and widowers / Stroebe, Wolfgang   15. The impact of spousal bereavement on oldet widows and widowes / Gallagher-Thompson, Dolores   16. The course of sponsal bereavement in later life / Lund, Dale A.   17. Risk factors in bereavement outcome / Sanders, Catherine M.   18. Loss and recovery / Weiss, Robert S.   19. The death of a child is forever: The life course impact of chilc loss / Rubin, Simon Shimshon   20. Childrenś reactions to the death of a parent / Silverman, Phyllis R.   21. Bereavement following death from AIDS: Unique problems, reactions, and special needs / Martin, John L.   22. Sleep and dreams in well-adjusted and less adjusted Holocaust survivors / Kaminer, Hanna   23. The meaning of loss and adjustment to bereavement / Wortman, Camille B.   24. Old age and widowhood: Issues of personal control and independence / Hansson, Robert O.   25. The support systems of American urban widows / Lopata, Helena Znaniecka   26. The role of social support in bereavement / Stylianos, Stanley K.   27. Bereavement self-help groups: A review of conceptual and methodological issues / Lieberman, Morton A.   28. Counseling and therapy of the bereaved / Raphael, Beverley   29. Contemporary themes and controversies in bereavement research / Stroebe, Margaret S.
The Rook
Temples of delight
Angels of destruction  : a novel
The things we know now
The castaways
Letters from Skye : a novel
Prayer for the devil
The son of Neptune
Eight years ago, Charlie lost her brother in a mountaineering accident. She's come a long way since, or rather has fallen a long way down... A drop out, an alcoholic and promiscuous to boot, she is a constant disappointment to her family. Eight years ago, Richard Davenport watched his best friend die. Now a successful businessman, he's never forgotten the promise he made to Charlie's brother that he would keep her safe. But how do you go about saving someone hell-bent on self-destruction? One night Charlie goes too far and Richard is her only option for help. Can he break through and stop her lying to herself? Or will Charlie finally succeed in tumbling over the edge...
Heartbreak
A slant of light : a novel
Pet loss and human emotion : a guide to recovery
Vengeance
The story sisters : a novel
In the idyllic ski resort of Breckenridge, there's trouble in paradise for Sarah St John. Her twenty-two year old son, Cully, has been killed in an avalanche, and she is trying to pick up the pieces of her life. Sarah is single, but, much as she'd like to be, not being left alone in her grief. Her father, a retiree who has become addicted to QVC, is ever-present, having moved into her basement. Her best friend, a divorcee who always manages to say the wrong thing, has become something of a macabre life-coach. And then there's Cully's father, whose sudden reemergence in Sarah's life stirs a cauldron of emotions. Just as Sarah is ready to face the world, a girl called Kit appears on her doorstep. And she's got a secret that will change all their lives forever.
The child inside
In the unlikely event
All that is solid melts into air
The cat who wasn't there
One hundred and one nights : a novel
Andrew's brain
The snow child
Goblin secrets
History of a suicide : my sister's unfinished life
The postmistress
Beyond the sea
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
The lost hero
Inferno
Sworn secret : a novel
The House of Secrets
After the snow
The history of love
Sylvia's lovers
Her mother's shadow
A bereaved father
60 postcards : some people scatter ashes. She scattered words
The great wheel
My sister's wishes : my promise to make my twin's last wishes come true
Goodbye, pet & see you in heaven : a memoir of animals, love and loss
Tragic kind of wonderful
Coldheart Canyon
The ghost's child
Victory
The Maze Runner series complete collection
The final girls
The visiting angel
The wilderness
The girl with no name
"Good grief" : adapting to bereavement
The beginner's goodbye
The mark of Athena
Sabbath's theater
Walk two moons
Of things gone astray
City of hope
The view on the way down
Mourning Ruby
Kafka on the shore
Love Anthony
The old man's love story
The color of absence : 12 stories about loss and hope
The scientists : a family romance
The square root of summer
Once more, my darling rogue
The falafel king is dead
Can I let you go? : a heartbreaking true story of love, loss and moving on
The first time : true tales of virginity lost & found (including my own)
The chemistry of tears
The still point of the turning world
Remember me this way
Are you sad, Little Bear? : a book about learning to say goodbye
Saving Christmas
Falling
The desperate wife's survival plan
What Alice forgot
Bringing the summer
Ambitious love
Falling out of time
Before I go to sleep : a novel
A heart bent out of shape
Life! Death! Prizes!
Blood of tyrants
Andrew's brain : a novel
Kitchens of the great Midwest
A high-ranking member of a secret organization that battles supernatural forces wakes up in a London park with no memory, no idea who she is, and with a letter that provides instructions to help her uncover a far-reaching conspiracy.
The book explores the reality of grief from different perspectives and provides some insightful help primarily to those trying to support a colleague, friend or family member who is being overwhelmed by their primal grief. Though the book contains important and practical material for those who are poleaxed by grief, the focus is on those around them who are struggling to understand, and feel that sense of helplessness in knowing what to do and say for the best.
Every time a bell rings
Summer, fireworks, and my corpse
Wave
The flask
The sea of tranquility : a novel
Queen of shadows
Tell the wolves I'm home: a novel
A whole life
American purgatorio
We can be heroes
Love for the lost
Teardrop
The dream of the Celt
A great big shining star
The silvered heart
When Hazel Nash was six years old, her father taught her: mysteries need to be solved. He should know. Hazel's father is Jack Nash, the host of America's favorite conspiracy TV show, The House of Secrets. After an accident leaves her with no memory, Hazel Nash must put together the pieces of her past and present to find the truth about her father and his connection to a corpse found with a book found in his chest.
The safest place
The red pony
Socrates in love
Extremely loud and incredibly close
This is where I leave you
Three shadows
Swarms of locusts, record-breaking heat, and devastating storms ravage Gatlin as Ethan and Lena struggle to understand and control the impact of Lena's claiming, which is even causing her family members' abilities to dangerously misfire.
Loving a lost lord
Songs for the missing
The possibilities
Frankenweenie : a graphic novel
The mark of the dragonfly
Father loss : daughters discuss the man that got away
Sustainable water network management in Lempäälä municipality
Land of shadows
Dear Eleanor
"A deep and serious resource for all who are involved personally or professionally with bereavement, this book also offers a practical list of resources and further reading." --Publisher's description.
The sirens of Titan
Falling man : a novel
Sacred
Did you ever have a family
Red ink
Message from an unknown Chinese mother : stories of loss and love
"A young woman with a once-in-a-generation palate becomes the iconic chef behind the country's most coveted dinner reservation"--
Say her name
"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. Embracing her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen, Celaena returns to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past"--
A new hope
"What should be a cozy and fun-filled weekend deep in the English countryside takes a sinister turn in Ruth Ware's suspenseful, compulsive, and darkly twisted psychological thriller.  Leonora, known to some as Lee and others as Nora, is a reclusive crime writer, unwilling to leave her "nest" of an apartment unless it is absolutely necessary. When a friend she hasn't seen or spoken to in years unexpectedly invites Nora (Lee?) to a weekend away in an eerie glass house deep in the English countryside, she reluctantly agrees to make the trip. Forty-eight hours later, she wakes up in a hospital bed injured but alive, with the knowledge that someone is dead. Wondering not "what happened?" but "what have I done?", Nora (Lee?) tries to piece together the events of the past weekend. Working to uncover secrets, reveal motives, and find answers, Nora (Lee?) must revisit parts of herself that she would much rather leave buried where they belong: in the past.  In the tradition of Paula Hawkins's instant New York Times bestseller The Girl On the Train and S. J. Watson's riveting national sensation Before I Go To Sleep, this gripping literary debut from UK novelist Ruth Ware will leave you on the edge of your seat through the very last page"--
A monster calls
Losing Charlotte
Handbook of bereavement : theory, research, and intervention
The good life
Days of awe : a novel
