http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17828 servo technology
servo technology
On-line structure selection for the identification of multivariable systems
On the analysis and control of a linear synchronous servomotor with a flexible load
Integrated visual servoing and force control : the task frame approach
The control handbook
Hydraulic servo systems : analysis and design
An integrator backstepping position control of asymmetric electro-hydraulic servo system based on particle swarm optimization
On modelling, system identification and control of servo-systems with a flexible load
Electric-drive-based control and electric energy regeneration in a hydraulic system
On sliding mode control of hydraulic servo systems and a manipulator
One of the problems when welding small plastic parts is to combine a strong welding seam with low costs. Product designs have become more and more varied and difficult to produce. Strong welding seam is a safety issue, so when the products are more complicated in shape, it is more challenging to produce safe products. However, technical problems and safety limits are always there and designers try to come up with workarounds for them and design modern and good looking products for customers. The primary aim of this thesis project was to compare two different welding joint designs for mass production. The material used for the samples was polycarbonate. Another purpose of the thesis was to compare the standard pneumatic ultrasonic welding to the servo-driven ultrasonic welding as well as to find out the benefits of the new technology in production. In this thesis, the main parameters and functions of ultrasonic welding machine are introduced. The thesis also presents the material selection and welding joint designs. For the purposes of this project, several samples were welded with both machines. Furthermore, rip-off tests for a part of samples were performed before the ageing treatment in order to define the reference rip-off force and to later indicate the rip-off force loss. All results were analyzed by using statistical software. The results of the experiments indicated that the shear joint is a stronger joint design than the energy director joint for welding small plastic parts. They also showed that the servo-driven welding machine can be more accurate and precise than the standard pneumatic welding machine. The results are significant as regards product design and quality.
Drives and Control for Industrial Automation
Novel control, haptic and calibration methods for teleoperated electrohydraulic servo systems
Feasibility study : visual guided manipulator for light assembly applications
Hydraulic trainer. Vol. 3, Planning and design of hydraulic power systems : a training manual for the planning and design of hydraulic power systems
Servo motors and industrial control theory
Practical electronics for inventors
Proportional hydraulics : textbook
Hydraulic servo-systems : modelling, identification, and control
ARM microcontrollers. Part 1, 35 projects for beginners
Utilization of genetic algorithm in online tuning of fluid power servos
Proportional and servo valve technology : information and text book for hydraulic proportional and servo valves and also electronic components, as used in both open and closed loop controls
Ultrasonic welding for plastics : comparison between shear and energy director joints produced with pneumatic vs. servo-driven ultrasonic welding machine
DC motors, speed controls, servo systems : an engineering handbook
