http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17891 sea powers
sea powers naval powers
The transformation of British naval strategy : seapower and supply in northern Europe, 1808-1812
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
Undersea creatures
Islands in the Southern Indian Ocean
Elevated concentrations of certain heavy metals: cadmium, lead, nickel, zink, copper, manganese and iron, were recorded from surface sediments close to two fish-farms at Nåtö, as were the concentrations of cadmium in liver, kidney, spleen and bile, of lead in kidney and spleen, of nickel in kidney and spleen, of zink in liver, kidney, gonads, spleen, of copper in liver, gonads, spleen, of manganese in kidney and gonads, of iron in spleen, of flounder, from Nåtö. For turbot only the concentrations of cadmium and copper in the kidneys, and of zink in gonads were noteworthy. In the soft tissue of Baltic clay-mussel elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from Nåtö Biological Station, lead, zink, copper, and iron, from both the station and the mouth of the former Nåtö sewage pipeline. Elevated concentrations of cadmium were recorded from soft tissue of blue-mussel from the Föglö fairway (close to the Föglö fish-farm), and from Kobbaklintar light-house island, where also the concentrations of manganese were notable, as were lead in mussels from the Nåtö Biological Station. Also for the cockle-mussel the concentrations of cadmium were elevated at Nåtö Biological Station. All flounders, however, were safe for e.g. human consumption.
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 8, Sediment cores from the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea, 1-5
Cape Cod, Nantucket & Martha's Vineyard
Philip's atlas of the oceans
Marine biology
This pioneering comparative study of British imperialism in the Atlantic and Indian Ocean worlds draws on the perspectives of British newcomers overseas and their native hosts, metropolitan officials and corporate enterprises, migrants and settlers. Leading scholars examine the divergences and commonalities in the legal and economic regimes that allowed Britain to project imperium across the globe. They explore the nature of sovereignty and law, governance and regulation, diplomacy, military relations and commerce, shedding new light on the processes of expansion that influenced the making of empire. While acknowledging the distinctions and divergences in imperial endeavours in Asia and the Americas - not least in terms of the size of indigenous populations, technical and cultural differences, and approaches to indigenous polities - this book argues that these differences must be seen in the context of what Britons overseas shared, including constitutional principles, claims of sovereignty, disciplinary regimes and military attitudes.
Brazil : River Pará (the eastern branch of the R. Amazona)
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 2, The alcyonarians of the littoral area
The formidable force of the Normans at sea has been frequently overlooked. This volume shows their dominance over the Mediterranean, and its far-reaching effects.
Extending the similarity theory for atmospheric boundary layers : contribution from background stratification
Behemoth : seppuku
South America east coast : sheet III : Cabo do Norte to Maranham
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 6, Sediment cores from the West Pacific, 1-5
Naval records of the American Revolution, 1775-1788
Review of Atlantic and Eastern Pacific anthiine fishes (Teleostei: Perciformes: Serranidae), with descriptions of two new genera
The atlantic liners 1925-70
Between Dugin's eurasianism and Mahan's sea power concept : Russia's geopolitical discourse within Foucalt's 'discursive tree' before and after the incorporation of the Crimea
International cooperation with the Nansen Programme : report of the FAO Working Group on the Assessment of Small Pelagic Fish off Northwest Africa : Banjul, Gambia, 2-11 May 2006 = Coopération internationale avec le Programme Nansen : Rapport du Groupe de travail de la FAO sur l'évaluation des Petits Pélagiques au large de l'Afrique Nord-occidentale : Banjul, Gambie, 2-11 mai 2006.
Britain's oceanic empire : Atlantic and Indian Ocean Worlds, c. 1550-1850
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
This essay analyzes preliminary lessons from one of the most recent, and allegedly, better designed seasonal foreign worker admissions - New Zealand's Recognized Seasonal Employer Program RSE. Drawing on the existing literature and official program documentation, the essay highlights the policy's achievements and challenges. It suggests that the policy appears to have had more positive impacts on the development of the relatively developed countries, because of their better ability to steer worker recruitment and investment of newly acquired skills and monies. When designing seasonal worker admissions to Europe, European policymakers should be aware of the fact that if included in the program migrants from the most economically, socially and geographically distant countries of origin may find it more difficult to benefit from the program and therefore either forgo it or use it as a stepping stone to permanent migration..
Port studies : with special reference to the western ports of the North Atlantic
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 5, Sediment cores from the East Pacific, 1 & Appendix, 2
We, the navigators : the ancient art of landfinding in the Pacific
Voyages and beaches : Pacific encounters, 1769-1840
The Times atlas of the oceans
The seas : our knowledge of life in the sea and how it is gained
The Reaver
Fish atlas of the Celtic Sea, North Sea, and Baltic Sea : based on international research-vessel surveys
Volcanoes of Europe
"In the 4th book of the multi-author Sundering series launched by New York Times best-selling author R.A. Salvatore, Richard Lee Byers introduces Anton Marivaldi--a renowned reaver with an insatiable thirst for bounty and a moral compass that always leads him toward the evil he's never tried.  Endless, pounding rain afflict the Sea of Fallen Stars and the coastal regions surrounding it. Harvests are failing, travel and trade are disrupted, and civilized forces are giving way to the deluges caused by the storms. In panic and despair, many have turned to the goddess Umberlee, Queen of the Deeps, offering her sacrifices with hope that they will be spared the inevitable reckoning of her perpetual tempest.  Evendur Highcastle, undead pirate captain, risen from the depths to assume the mantle of Umberlee's Chosen, takes advantage of the people's desperation to strike for both spiritual and temporal power in her name.  Vying with Highcastle for the hearts and minds of the people is Stedd Whitehorn, a little boy and the chosen of a god thought lost to time: Lathander, the Morninglord. In a time of such upheaval, Stedd's message of renewal and hope runs in stark contrast to the savage ethos of Highcastle and his waveservants.  When Anton captures the boy in order to collect Highcastle's considerable bounty, the reaver is quickly caught in the riptide caused by the sundering of worlds"--
The Atlantic in world history
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : second revision
Atlantic history : concept and contours
Rough waters : American involvement with the Mediterranean in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
Bay of Bengal : a survey of the sea face of the Soondurbuns
National Geographic Atlas of the Ocean : the deep frontier
Maritime history as world history
Damselfishes of the world
Numerical ocean circulation modeling
Rome and the Mediterranean 290 to 146 BC : the imperial republic
What have been the early outcomes of New Zealand's seasonal foreign worker admissions?
Atlantic : the biography of the ocean
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 4, Bottom investigations, 1-2
Catalogue of the benthic marine algae of the Indian Ocean
Heavy metals in the coastal environment around Nåtö, Lemland (Åland Islands, Baltic Sea)
Transatlantic liners 1945-1980
European imagery and colonial history in the Pacific
Weather at sea
Report of the eleventh session of the Indian Ocean Fishery Commission : Rome, Italy, 17 February 1999 = Rapport de la onzième session de la Commission des pêches pour l'océan indien : Rome, Italie, 17 février 1999.
The law of admiralty
Empire : a very short introduction
Norman naval operations in the Mediterranean
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 9, Sediment cores from the Indian Ocean, 1-2
Doomed ships : great ocean liner disasters
Under the ocean
Maritime empires : British imperial maritime trade in the nineteenth century
India : west coast : Gulf of Cutch to Viziadrig from surveys by the officers of the East India government 1828-1856
Fisheries mismanagement: the case of the North Atlantic cod
Catalogue of the lichens of the smaller Pacific islands
The military balance in the Baltic Sea region : notes on a defunct concept
An account of the alcyonarians collected by the Royal Indian Marine Survey ship Investigator in the Indian Ocean. 1, The alcyonarians of the deep sea
Ship of Rome
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 2, Zoology, 1-4
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Captain of Rome
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Master of Rome
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 10, Specialinvestigations, 1-4
Titanic lives : migrants and millionaires, conmen and crew
The Japanese at Leyte Gulf : the Shō operation
China-US relations concerning the dispute over the South China Sea : an assessment from the Law of the Sea perspective
Extreme storms in the North Atlantic and Europe
Ancient powers of the Baltic Sea : an illustrated historical outline
Maritime archaeology of Lemon Bay, Florida
Wild ocean 3D : Africa meets the sea : an epic underwater struggle for survival
Finnish sailors and soldiers in the American Civil War
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
The mythology of S. Clay Wilson. Volume 1 : Pirates in the heartland
Report of the fourth session of the Scientific Sub-Committee, [Fishery Committee for the Eastern Central Atlantic] : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 October 2005 = Rapport de la quatrième session du Sous-Comité scientifique : Accra, Ghana, 24-26 octobre 2005.
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 1, The ship, its equipment, and the voyage
The Mitchell Beazley atlas of the oceans
Spanish naval power, 1589-1665 : reconstruction and defeat
Marine : a guided tour of a marine expeditionary unit
Pacific sail : Four centuries of western ships..
The Kapudan Pasha, his office and his domain : Halcyon Days in Crete IV : a symposium held in Rethymnon 7-9 January 2000
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 3, Physics and chemistry, 1-3
Ocean circulation
GESAMP : two decades of accomplishments
India : west coast : Viziadrug to Cochin with the Lacadivh archipelago from surveys by the officers of the East India government 1828-1856
The Ra expeditions
The crinoids of the Indian Ocean
A compelling account of how Rome became supreme power in Europe and the Mediterranean world. The book highlights the significance of Rome's success in the wars against Pyrrhys, Carthage, the Hellenistic kingdoms and in Spain that led to empire, and it shows how the Republic's success in conquering an empire changed the conquerors. It is unusual in focusing on a discrete, vital period in Roman history rather than attempting to cover all of it or even just the Republic.
A checklist of benthic marine algae of the tropical and subtropical western Atlantic : first revision
Reports of the Swedish deep-sea expedition 1947-1948. 7, Sediment cores from the North Atlantic Ocean, 1-7
The British seaborne empire
Treeline in relation to climate, with special reference to oceanic areas
