http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1780 history
history
Istanbul : memories and the city
12 years a slave
Mankind : the story of all of us
A companion to nineteenth-century Europe, 1789-1914
This volume argues that journalism is a more recent invention that hitherto acknowledged, stating that the profession of the journalist and the journalistic discourse are the products of the emergence, during the second half of the 19th century, of a specialized field of discursive production, the journalistic field. The book analyzes the emergence of journalism and examines the development of discursive norms, practices and strategies which are characteristic of this discourse.
The British intervention in South Russia 1918-1920
Fifty major political thinkers
The time traveler's handbook : 18 experiences from the eruption of Vesuvius to Woodstock
The great book of the National Museum
The history of England. Volume IV, Revolution
The history of Cuba
The Balkans 1804-1999 : nationalism, war and the great powers
Shock and awe : glam rock and its legacy : from the seventies to the twenty-first century
FIRST WAS THE SEA : Tourism Development History of Maakalla Island
The course of Mexican history
Chronicles of old Boston : exploring New England's historic capital
A new history of classical rhetoric
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
When the final buzzer sounds : NHL greats share their stories of hardship and triumph : an anthology
Warspite
Ancient ethics : a critical introduction
The Japanese
Remember the Alamo? : American history in bite-sized chunks
History and philosophy of psychology
Big history : our incredible journey, from big bang to now
Development plan of a historical garden : Case study of Ámade- Bajzáth- Pappenheim Castle park in Iszkaszentgyörgy, Hungary
British history for dummies
Past and present of European integration : Poland's perspective
The railway viaduct
Poland : an illustrated history
Grace kelly : the secret lives of a princess
A man bears witness to his grandfather's deathbed confessions, which reveal his family's long-buried history and his involvement in a mail-order novelty company, World War II, and the space program.
The story of Britain
A people's history of sports in the United States : 250 years of politics, protest, people, and play
Intézmények, folyamatok és kutatások a nemzetközi magyarságtudományban : a Jyväskyläi egyetem magyarságtudományi programjának első húsz éve = Institutions, tendencies and research in the international Hungarian studies : the first twenty years of the Jyväskylä University's Hungarian studies program
Iron curtain : the crushing of Eastern Europe, 1945-1956
From Mesopotamia to Iraq : a concise history
The ends of the earth : an anthology of the finest writing on the Arctic and the Antarctic
Political order and political decay : from the industrial revolution to the globalization of democracy
Structure of social theory
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
Sacred economics : money, gift, & society in the age of transition
A short history of Asia
Port towns and urban cultures : International  histories of the waterfront, c.17002000
Irish history for dummies
Russia : a history
The history of Estonian people
The new Vichy syndrome : why European intellectuals surrender to barbarism
Hidden figures : the American dream and the untold story of the Black women mathematicians who helped win the space race
The evolution of modern Italy
Boston : the place and the people
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Journal of Inner and East Asian Studies
The Palgrave concise historical atlas of Central Asia
Despite the port's prominence in maritime history, its cultural significance has long been neglected in favour of its role within economic and imperial networks. Defined by their intersection of maritime and urban space, port towns were sites of complex cultural exchanges. This book, the product of international scholarship, offers innovative and challenging perspectives on the cultural histories of ports, ranging from eighteenth-century Africa to twentieth-century Australasia and Europe. The essays in this important collection explore two key themes; the nature and character of 'sailortown' culture and port-town life, and the representations of port towns that were forged both within and beyond urban-maritime communities. The book's exploration of port town identities and cultures, and its use of a rich array of methodological approaches and cultural artefacts, will make it of great interest to both urban and maritime historians. It also represents a major contribution to the emerging, interdisciplinary field of coastal studies.
Dream City : Helsinki
Herb Brooks : the inside story of a hockey mastermind
White spots, black spots : difficult matters in Polish-Russian relations, 1918-2008
East Carelia : a survey of the country and its population, and a review of the Carelian question
Paris after the liberation 1944-1949
Don't know much about history : everything you need to know about American history but never learned
After the lockout
When old technologies were new : thinking about electric communication in the late nineteenth century
Vereinskultur und Zivilgesellschaft in Nordosteuropa : regionale Spezifik und europäische Zusammenhänge = Associational culture and civil society in North Eastern Europe : regional features and the European context
The story of England
Understanding structural engineering : from theory to practice
Perspectives on the Taiwan issue
Discipline, decency, and teetotalism at early-1900's teacher training colleges in northern Finland
The history of British civilization
Ninja : 1,000 years of the shadow warrior
One thousand and twenty years of young Slovakia : the first complete book about the Slovak Republic
Years of change : European history 1890-1990
Walks through Britain's history
The invention of journalism
Batsford's London then and now
A traveller's history of Paris
Bloodlands : Europe between Hitler and Stalin
Art history for dummies
The anatomy of ghosts : an inquiry into the distressing circumstances surrounding an alleged apparition lately recorded in Cambridge
Made in Korea : studies in popular music
The Boston strangler
A short history of Brazil
Vegan freak : being vegan in a non-vegan world : version 2.0, revised, expanded, and updated
Blood at the root : a racial cleansing in America
Smallpox, Syphilis and salvation : medical breakthroughs that changed the world
Comparative education : the construction of a field
This is the first comprehensive history of Malawi during the colonial period. Using a wide range of primary and secondary sources, it places this history within the context of the pre-colonial past. The book examines the way in which British people, starting with David Livingstone, followed by the pioneer Scottish Presbyterian missionaries and including soldiers, speculators, colonial officials and politicians, played an influential part in shaping Malawi. But even more important is the story of how Malawian people responded to the intrusion of colonialism and imperialism and the role they played in the dissolution of the colonial state. There is much here on resistance to colonial occupation, including religious-inspired revolt, on the shaping of the colonial economy, on the influence of Christian missions and on the growth of a powerful popular nationalism that contained within it the seeds of a new authoritarianism. But space is also given to less mainstream activities: the creation of dance societies, the eruption of witchcraft eradication movements and the emergence of football as a popular national sport. In particular, the book seeks to demonstrate the interrelationship between environmental and economic change and the impact these forces had on a poverty-stricken yet resilient Malawian peasantry. John McCracken is Honorary Senior Research Fellow, Stirling University. He has taught at University College of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, University College of Dar es Salaam and was Professor and Head of the Department of History at Chancellor College, University of Malawi from 1980-83 and returned as Visiting Professor in 2009. John McCracken was awarded ASAUK's Distinguished Africanist Award in 2008. standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
The British museum ancient Egypt pop-up book
Who's better, who's best in hockey? : setting the record straight on the top 50 hockey players of the expansion era
The Ashgate research companion to modern imperial histories
Venice : its individual growth from the earliest beginnings to the fall of the republic : the middle ages. Part 1
Pig's foot
European media policy for the twenty-first century : assessing the past, setting agendas for the future
Aspects of American history
Deceptions and doublecross : how the NHL conquered hockey
How hockey explains Canada : the sport that defines a country
The Hand Drawn Animation Process : Traditional and Contemporary Methods
"Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive style of oral history, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of Communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals. When the Swedish Academy awarded Svetlana Alexievich the Nobel Prize in Literature, they praised her 'polyphonic writings, a monument to suffering and courage in our time,' and cited her for inventing 'a new kind of literary genre.' Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, added that her work comprises 'a history of emotions--a history of the soul'"--
Socialism on Film : The Cold War and International Propaganda
Tibet, Tibet : a personal history of a lost land
This book contextualises case studies across a wide variety of languages and cultures, crystallising key interrelationships between linguistic standardisation and prescriptivism, and between ideas and practices. It focuses on different traditions of standardisation and prescription throughout the world and addresses questions such as how nationalistic idealisations of 'traditional' language persist (or shift) amid language change, linguistic variation and multilingualism. The volume explores issues of standardisation and the sociolinguistic phenomenon of prescription as a formative influence on the notional standard language as well as the interconnections between these in a wide range of geographical contexts. It balances the otherwise strong emphasis on English in English language publications on prescriptivism and breaks new ground with its multilingual approach across languages and nations. The book will appeal to scholars working within different linguistic traditions interested in questions relating to all aspects of standardisation and prescriptivism.
On a September day in Manhattan in 1939, twenty-something Caroline Ferriday is consumed by her efforts to secure the perfect boutonniere for an important French diplomat and resisting the romantic advances of a married actor. Meanwhile across the Atlantic, Kasia Kuzmerick, a Polish Catholic teenager, is nervously anticipating the changes that are sure to come since Germany has declared war on Poland. As tensions rise abroad - and in her personal life - Caroline's interest in aiding the war effort in France grows and she eventually comes to hear about the dire situation at the Ravensbruck all-female concentration camp. At the same time, Kasia's carefree youth is quickly slipping away, only to be replaced by a fervor for the Polish resistance movement. Through Ravensbruck - and the horrific atrocities taking place there told in part by an infamous German surgeon, Herta Oberheuser - the two women's lives will converge in unprecedented ways and a novel of redemption and hope emerges that is breathtaking in scope and depth.
A history of the modern world : from 1917 to the 1990s
"A gripping tale of racial cleansing in Forsyth County, Georgia and ... testament to the deep roots of racial violence in America ... Patrick Phillips breaks the century-long silence of his hometown and uncovers a history of racial terrorism that continues to shape America in the twenty-first century."
The comedians : drunks, thieves, scoundrels, and the history of American comedy
Frontier landscape : Lapland in the tradition of Finnish landscape painting
Dubitando : studies in history and culture in honor of Donald Ostrowski
A history of Russia
Alexander Hamilton
When they were boys : the true story of the Beatles' rise to the top
Country music originals : the legends & the lost
Rome and her empire
The Teutonic Order in Prussia and Livonia : the political and ecclesiastical structures 13th-16th century
Bordering early modern Europe
Draw the lightning down : Benjamin Franklin and electrical technology in the age of Enlightenment
An excellent introduction to methodology in history which will be read with advantage by historians at any stage of their development. History Can easily be handled by the general reader wanting to know what is happening to history today. British Book News This classic introduction to the study of history invites the reader to stand back and consider some of its most fundamental questions - What is the point of studying history? How do we know about the past? Does an objective historical truth exist and can we ever access it? In answering these central questions, John Tosh argues that, despite the impression of fragmentation created by postmodernism in recent years, history is a coherent discipline which still bears the imprint of its nineteenth-century origins. Consistently clear-sighted, he provides a lively and compelling guide to a complex and sometimes controversial subject, while making his readers vividly aware of just how far our historical knowledge is conditioned by the character of the sources and the methods of the historians who work on them. The fifth edition has been revised and updated throughout, with the addition of new sections on: * Global history * Comparative history * Postcolonialism * Women's and gender history * Oral history and memory Lucid and engaging, this new edition retains all the user-friendly features that have helped to make this book a favourite with both students and lecturers, including marginal glosses, illustrations, suggested further reading and boxed guides to key events and people.
Meggs' history of graphic design
The anatomy of ghosts
Film music : a history
Greek political thought
Moonglow : a novel
Mammoth book of the World Cup
Paris then & now
The last Jews in Berlin
Revolutionary Iran : a history of the Islamic Republic
TianJin Binhai new area : a new shared opportunity for the world
Training days : the subway artists then and now
The life and work of Sir William Fairbairn : a case study in the history of the engineering profession in 19th century Britain
The invention of enterprise : entrepreneurship from ancient Mesopotamia to modern times
Prescription and tradition in language : establishing standards across time and space
This book is a remarkable feat of scholarship - so remarkable in fact that I put it in the same league as the great classics of the field that had so much to do with setting the direction of 'Comparative Education'. Indeed, this volume goes further than earlier classics to reveal, through textual analysis and interviews with key figures, how the epistemological foundations of the field and crucial professional developments combined to, as the title indicates, construct Comparative Education. Manzon's work is indispensable - a word I do not use lightly - for scholars who seek a genuine grasp of the field: how it was formed and by whom, its major theoreticians, its professional foundations, and so on. Clearly too, this book marks the rise of a young star, Maria Manzon, who shows promise of joining the ranks of our field's most illustrious thinkers.
A short history of Finland
Wine : a scientific exploration
Iran : empire of the mind : a history from zoroaster to the present day
The dialectics of aesthetic agency : revaluating German aesthetics from Kant to Adorno
"Richard Branson, who has been called "England's most outrageous billionaire," is also one of the world's most successful business leaders. Since the age of 16, when he founded Student magazine, Branson has been creating companies and finding innovative ways to grow them into the prodigious conglomerate known as the Virgin Group. At the age of 20, Branson founded a mail-order record retailer. Two years later he built a recording studio where the first artist signed to his Virgin label, Mike Oldfield, recorded the haunting soundtrack to The Exorcist. Decades later, industries as varied as entertainment (Virgin Music), retail (Virgin Megastores), transportation (Virgin Airlines), and telecommunications (Virgin Mobile) all bear Branson's business moniker. For the first time, the most thought-provoking, revealing, and inspiring quotes from Branson are compiled in a single book.  Virgin Rebel: Richard Branson in His Own Words is a comprehensive guidebook to the inner workings of the Virgin Group chairman and founder. Hundreds of Branson's best quotes, comprising thoughts on business, music, entrepreneurship, politics, exploration, and life lessons, provide an intimate and direct look into the mind of this modern business icon. "--
Malayan spymaster : memoirs of a rubber planter, bandit fighter, and spy
The lost executioner : a journey to the heart of the killing fields
Macedonia: land, region, borderland
Arik : the life of Ariel Sharon
Den of thieves
Isis unveiled : a master-key to the mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology. Vol. 2, Theology
5000-1 : the Leicester City story : hope and disbelief in the Premier League's greatest-ever season
Peking : a tale of three cities
History of the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth : state, society, culture
Blue dahlia, black gold : a journey into Angola
Illness over time: comparing and contrasting medieval crusaders with modern physicians
Representation, nation and time : the political rhetoric of the 1866 parliamentary reform in Sweden
The 33 strategies of war
Calcutta : a cultural and literary history
Killing the Bismarck : destroying the pride of Hitler's fleet
Great Britain 1900-1965
On the ocean of protectionism : the structure of Swedish tariffs and trade 1780-1830
Zeit, Geschichte und Politik = Time, history and politics : zum achtzigsten Geburtstag von Reinhart Koselleck
Democracy in America
A brief history of the Middle East
Flashpoints : the emerging crisis in Europe
Breakfast : a history
China : a history
Butcher and bolt
The Dutch republic and the civilisation of the seventeenth century
The evolution of England : a commentary on the facts
Freedom : a history of US
Electronic and experimental music : technology, music and culture
Once upon a time in Russia : the rise of the oligarchs and the greatest wealth in history
Doctors of body, soul and society : Scottish medical missionaries of the Livingstonia mission in Nyasaland 1875-1914
Modern furniture in the avantgarde arcitecture town Turku in the late 1920s and early 1930s
Games without rules : the often interrupted history of Afghanistan
Empty mansions : the mysterious life of Huguette Clark and the spending of a great American fortune
MJ : the genius of Michael Jackson
Sapiens : a brief history of humankind
Take six girls : the lives of the Mitford sisters
The history of cimbalom in Hungary in short
Dance history : an introduction
The paleo manifesto : ancient wisdom for lifelong health
The West : an illustrated history
Pocket Scottish history
To the river : a journey beneath the surface
Constantinople
A magnificent history of the gene and a response to the defining question of the future: What becomes of being human when we learn to "read" and "write" our own genetic information? Siddhartha Mukherjee has a written a biography of the gene as deft, brilliant, and illuminating as his extraordinarily successful biography of cancer. Weaving science, social history, and personal narrative to tell us the story of one of the most important conceptual breakthroughs of modern times, Mukherjee animates the quest to understand human heredity and its surprising influence on our lives, personalities, identities, fates, and choices.
Japan since Perry
Amsterdam : a history of the world's most liberal city
My age of anxiety : fear, hope, dread, and the search for peace of mind
A map of foreign culture in Shanghai
History of Azerbaijan
Somalia : past and present
Provides a comprehensive overview of modern empires. Spanning the era of modern imperial history from the early sixteenth century to the present, this book challenges both the rather insular focuses on specific experiences, and gives due attention to imperial formations outside the West including the Russian, Japanese, Mughal, Ottoman and Chinese.
David Hume (1711-1776), philosopher, historian, and essayist, is widely considered to be Britain's greatest philosopher.One of the leading intellectual figures of the Scottish Enlightenment, his major works and central ideas, especially his radical empiricism and his critique of the pretensions of philosophical rationalism, remain hugely influential on contemporary philosophers. This comprehensive and accessible guide to Hume's life and work includes 21 specially commissioned essays, written by a team of leading experts, covering every aspect of Hume's thought. The Companion presents details of Hume's life, historical and philosophical context, a comprehensive overview of all the key themes and topics apparent in his work, including his accounts of causal reasoning, scepticism, the soul and the self, action, reason, free will, miracles, natural religion, politics, human nature, women, economics and history, and an account of his reception and enduring influence. This is an essential reference tool for anyone working in the fields of Hume Studies and Eighteenth-Century Philosophy.
The gene : an intimate history
"From the 2015 winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich, comes the first English translation of her latest work, an oral history of the disintegration of the Soviet Union and the emergence of a new Russia. Bringing together dozens of voices in her distinctive documentary style, Secondhand Time is a monument to the collapse of the USSR, charting the decline of Soviet culture and speculating on what will rise from the ashes of communism. As in all her books, Alexievich gives voice to women and men whose stories are lost in the official narratives of nation-states, creating a powerful alternative history from the personal and private stories of individuals"--
The Balearics : islands of enchantment
A short history of modern Ireland
The history of Finnish vocational education and training
Storybook Helsinki and Beyond
Good to go : the life and times of a decorated member of the U.S. Navy's elite SEAL Team Two
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
North China front
A History of Malawi : 1859-1966
The complete history of China
Wicca and the Christian heritage : ritual, sex, and magic
What is this thing called jazz? : African American musicians as artists, critics and activists
Continuum companion to Hume
A traveller's history of Mexico
A short history of modern philosophy : from Descartes to Wittgenstein
Classic Problems of Probability
A history of modern Britain
Isis unveiled : a master-key to the mysteries of ancient and modern science and theology. Vol. 1, Science
Diamonds, gold and war : the making of South Africa
The tunnel through time : a new route for an old London journey
Borrowed time : the story of Britain between the wars
How to study public life
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
Venice : its individual growth from the earliest beginnings to the fall of the republic : the middle ages. Part 2
A history of South Africa
A people's history of the United States : 1492 - present
Berlin : die Bilderchronik = the illustrated history
European Georgia : ethnogeopolitics in Caucasus and ethnogenetical history of Europe
Music in ancient Greece and Rome
The Canadians
H.M.S. London
Jazz : the basics
The value of filmmaking : avant-garde, Hollywood and film linquistics
120 years of electronic music : electronic musical instrument 1870-1990
The map of lost memories : a novel
National Geographic tales of the weird : unbelievable true stories
George Kennedy's three volumes on classical rhetoric have long been regarded as authoritative treatments of the subject. This new volume, an extensive revision and abridgment of "The Art of Persuasion in Greece", "The Art of Rhetoric in the Roman World", and "Greek Rhetoric under Christian Emperors", provides a comprehensive history of classical rhetoric, one that is sure to become a standard for its time. Kennedy begins by identifying the rhetorical features of early Greek literature that anticipated the formulation of "metarhetoric," or a theory of rhetoric, in the fifth and fourth centuries b.c.e. and then traces the development of that theory through the Greco-Roman period. He gives an account of the teaching of literary and oral composition in schools, and of Greek and Latin oratory as the primary rhetorical genre. He also discusses the overlapping disciplines of ancient philosophy and religion and their interaction with rhetoric. The result is a broad and engaging history of classical rhetoric that will prove especially useful for students and for others who want an overview of classical rhetoric in condensed form.
A century of psychology : progress, paradigms and prospects for the new millenium
Secondhand time : the last of the Soviets
Beauty & atrocity : people, politics and Ireland's fight for peace
Modern Afghanistan : a history of struggle and survival
Empire, state, and society : Britain since 1830
Garden history : philosophy and design 2000 BC - 2000 AD
The pursuit of history : aims, methods and new directions in the study of modern history
A short history of Japan : from samurai to Sony
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
"The second volume of the bestselling landmark work on the history of the modern state  Writing in The Wall Street Journal, David Gress called Francis Fukuyama's Origins of Political Order "magisterial in its learning and admirably immodest in its ambition." In The New York Times Book Review, Michael Lind described the book as "a major achievement by one of the leading public intellectuals of our time." And in The Washington Post, Gerard DeGrott exclaimed "this is a book that will be remembered. Bring on volume two."   Volume two is finally here, completing the most important work of political thought in at least a generation. Taking up the essential question of how societies develop strong, impersonal, and accountable political institutions, Fukuyama follows the story from the French Revolution to the so-called Arab Spring and the deep dysfunctions of contemporary American politics. He examines the effects of corruption on governance, and why some societies have been successful at rooting it out. He explores the different legacies of colonialism in Latin America, Africa, and Asia, and offers a clear-eyed account of why some regions have thrived and developed more quickly than others. And he boldly reckons with the future of democracy in the face of a rising global middle class and entrenched political paralysis in the West.  A sweeping, masterful account of the struggle to create a well-functioning modern state, Political Order and Political Decay is destined to be a classic"--
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Between the lines : not so tall tales from Ray "Scampy" Scapinello's four decades in the NHL
This book examines major themes, personalities and issues across American history, using topic-focused essays. It focuses on key events and time periods within a broad framework looking at liberty and equality, the role of government and national identity. It includes discussions of political history, foreign policy, presidential leadership and the construction of national memory.
Conquest and the law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710) : a case of legal pluralism in early modern Europe
A history of Finland
This wide-ranging history of ancient Greek political thought shows what ancient political texts might mean to citizens of the twenty-first century. It examines an array of poetic, historical, and philosophical texts in an effort to locate Greek political thought in its cultural context; and, pays careful attention to the distinctively ancient connections between politics and ethics. The book is structured around key themes such as the origins of political thought, political self-definition, revolutions in political thought, democracy and imperialism.
Library of the dead
The river of lost footsteps : histories of Burma
In Conquest and the Law in Swedish Livonia (ca. 1630-1710), Heikki Pihlajamaki offers an exciting account of the law and judiciary in seventeenth-century Livonia. Immediately after Sweden conquered the province in the 1620s, a reorganization of the Livonian judiciary began. Its legal order became largely modelled after Swedish law, which differed in important ways from its Livonian counterpart. While Livonian legal tradition was firmly anchored in the European ius commune, the conquerors' law was, by nature, not founded in legal learning. The volume convincingly demonstrates how the differences in legal cultures decisively affected the way Livonian judicial and procedural systems were shaped. Based on archival sources, the study presents an important contribution to the comparative legal history of the early modern period.
Lights out for the territory : 9 excursions in the secret history of London
Cuisine and culture : a history of food and people
The ultimate prize : the Stanley Cup
Pearl river : the awakening of the east
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
The new Tsar : the rise and reign of Vladimir Putin
The Near East since the First World War : a history to 1995
Small Publications in Historical Geophysics
Horribly hilarious joke book
The History of London
Princesses behaving badly : real stories from history - without the fairy-tale endings
Overcoming the old borders : beyond the paradigm of Slovak national history
Jazz for dummies
The attraction of islands : travellers and tourists in the Cyclades (Greece) in the twentieth and twenty-first centuries
The Emmaus code : finding Jesus in the Old Testament
Paavo Nurmi : Flying Finn - a lifetime in one hour
The world is flat : a brief history of the twenty-first century
The history of England. Volume III : Civil war
When the doves disappeared : a novel
Kyoto : a cultural and literary history
The lost history of 1914 : how the Great War was not inevitable
One bullet away : the making of a Marine officer
China : images of a civilization
Wicked bugs : the louse that conquered Napoleon’s army & other diabolical insects
Diets and dieting : a cultural encyclopedia
Okinawa : The History of an Island People
A child's history of England
""A collection of direct quotes from Richard Branson on topics related to business, entrepreneurship, the Virgin Group, philanthropy, and life"--Provided by publisher"--
A people's history of the United States : 1492-present
Lines : a brief history
Virgin rebel : Richard Branson in his own words
Disney's Mulan
Secular change of the seasonal sea level variation in the Baltic sea and secular change of the winter climate
