http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17807 maritime literature
maritime literature
Captain Blood : his odyssey
The dictionary of nautical literature
Men against the sea
The cruise of the Nona
Hornblower and the Hotspur
The Brassbounder : a tale of the sea
The Caine mutiny : a novel of World War II
The partisans
The Happy return
The mirror of the sea and A personal record
The navy's here
Mutiny on the Bounty
Black Sea Frigate
Hornblower and the Atropos
Best stories of the navy
The secret raiders
The defeat of the Spanish Armada
Omoo : a narrative of adventures in the South Seas
The cruise of the 'Cachalot' : round the world after sperm whales
The old man and the sea
Harpoon in my hand
Black Saturday
The rats and the ruling sea
Captain Horatio Hornblower. 2, A ship of the line
Sucking salt : Caribbean women writers, migration, and survival
The set of the sails : the adventures of a Cape Horn seaman
Along the clipper way
The £200 millionaire
Ready for sea
Sailing alone around the world
Captains Courageous : a story of the Grand Banks
Don't go near the water
South sea tales
K boats : steam-powered submarines in World War I / Don Everitt
Rough passage
The death-ship : the story of an American sailor
Spanish Armada
The narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket
Spin a yarn, sailor
Plague ship : a novel from the Oregon files
The cruise of the 'Alerte'
The white south
From in-betweenness to nothingness : intersections of race, class and gender in Jean Rhys's Wide Sargasso Sea
The liveship traders. I, Ship of magic
White sails crowding
A tall ship : on other naval occasions
Skeleton coast
Battle of the Java Sea
Moby-Dick, or, the Whale
Holocaust at sea : the drama of the Scharnhorst
Captain Marooner
The worst journey in the world
Muting on the Bounty
Captain Horatio Hornblower. 3, Flying colours
S.O.S. : a book of sea adventure
English maritime writing : Hakluyt to Cook
The voyage of the 'Cap Pilar'
Leviathan : or the whale
Moby Dick or the white whale
K-men : the story of the german frogmen and midget submarines
Archipelago
Under eastern eyes : a critical reading of Maritime fiction
The mutiny of the Elsinore
The barbary pirates
The island treasure; or, Harry Darrel's fortunes / by Frank H. Converse
The liveship traders. Book 2, Mad ship
John Barleycorn or Alcoholic memoirs
The liveship traders. Book 3, Ship of destiny
"Up funnel, down screw " The story of the naval engineer
Coronel and the Falklands
Windjammers and shellbacks : strange true stories of the sea
Endurance : Shackleton's incredible voyage
Typee : a real romance of the South Sea
The shorter novels of Herman Melville
Sea fever : the true adventures that inspired our greatest maritime authors, from Conrad to Masefield, Melville and Hemingway
Abandon ship! : death of the U. S. S. Indianapolis
Moby Dick, or, The white whale
Ramage's challange : a novel
Iron afloat : the story of the Confederate Armorclads
The cradle of the deep
Captain Horatio Hornblower. 1, The happy return
Hornblower in the West Indies
The ocean
A sailor's garland
The liveship traders. 3, Ship of destiny
The East Indiaman
The Southseaman : life-story of a schooner
A son of the sun
The Cape Horn breed
Night falls on Cape Horn
One of our submarines
The liveship traders. 2, The mad ship
Racundra's first cruise
Studies in maritime literary history, 1760-1930
Moby-Dick : or, the whale
The sea
When a flood destroys Gavin Weald's home, tearing apart his family and his way of life, he doesn't know how to continue. A year later, he returns to his rebuilt home and tries to start again, but when the new rainy season arrives, so do his daughter's nightmares about the torrents, and life there becomes unbearable. So father and daughter and their dog - embark upon a voyage to make peace with the waters. Their journey will take them far from their Caribbean island home, into other unknown harbours and eventually across a massive ocean. They will sail through archipelagos, encounter the grandeur of the sea, meet with the challenges and surprises of the natural world. A miraculous future lies ahead of them, unknown territories await to be discovered. But it will take more than an ocean to put the memory of the flood behind them.
The last corsair : the story of the Emden
Very ordinary seaman
Toilers of the sea
The cruise of the Dazzler
THE BEST SEA STORIES
Devil's gate
An Odyssey of the north
Night raider of the Atlantic : the saga of the U-99
In the heart of the sea : the tragedy of the whaleship Essex
Inagua : a very lonely and nearly forgotten island
Ben Burton, or, Born and bred at sea
Ships that pass in the night
