http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17837 international organisations
international organisations
International organizations : a dictionary and directory
International Red Cross : a book about International Red Cross and Red Cross crescent movement
When knowledge is power : three models of change in international organizations
Organisations of the world
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 4, Bibliographic volume, international organization bibliography and resources
Understanding the framing of issues in multi-actor arenas : power relations in the human rights debate
Cases and other materials on world law : the interpretation and application of the Charter of the United Nations and of the constitutions of other agencies of the world community
Proceedings of the International Law Assciation (ILA) First Asian-Pacific Regional Conference May 27-30 1995, Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China
The law governing employment in international organizations
Handbook of international organizations in the Americas
Tangle of hopes : American commitments and world order
The World Trade Organization : law, economics and polics
The concept of child labour of the International Labour Organisation
International civil service : principles, practice and prospects
Inter-Korean relations : problems and prospects
The last decade has witnessed the rise of a great number of transnational social movements and activist networks. While many of these movements have been initiated in the North, some are driven by people from the Global South with the aim of addressing various forms of destitution and asserting a variety of basic economic and cultural rights. Such transnational organizing is increasingly evident in Sub-Saharan Africa. Some of these initiatives relate particularly to the growing numbers of people depending on forms of informal work for survival. This edition of Current African Issues looks into the transnationalization of a local association of informal workers as it becomes involved in an international network of grassroots organizations. While this transnational engagement opens up new political possibilities, it also poses new challenges. Participation in international activities is highly unequal and mediated rather than direct, as influential actors engage in practices of gate-keeping that tend to work to the disadvantage of women. Tensions also emerged as a result of the divergent gender ideologies espoused by different participants. The paper draws on various theoretical perspectives on spatial politics in the global age to interrogate the unequal and contested spatialities of this transnational activism. Feminist scholarship sheds further light on the gendering processes at work in the transnationalization of a grassroots association.
Beyond stakeholder dialogue: Corporate NGO-alliances : Developing dialogue with WWF finland
Law making by international organizations
Amnesty International report. 1994
Earth at omega : passage to planetization
The United Nations : a global organization : its evolution, achievements, failure and reconstruction : UN 50th anniversary
Implementation of cultural rights within international legislative instruments
Amnesty International report. 1995.
Amnesty International report. 2000.
The evolution of international organisations
Resilience: an all-encompassing solution to global problems? A biopolitical analysis of resilience in the policies of EC, FEMA, UNDP, USAID, WB, and WEF
The role of the United Nations
Corporate social performance : creating shared value with non-governmental organisations
International organisation : world politics : studies in economic and social agencies
International organisations in Lithuania : educatiors' initiative
Integration of transport and trade facilitation : selected regional case studies
The United Nations
Nations in alliance : the limits of interdependence
Signs of hope : working towards our common future
Volunteer : a traveller's guide to making a difference around the world
A short history of international organization
Intergovernmental advocates of refugees : the refugee policy of the League of Nations and the International Labour Organization in the 1920s and 1930s
The world of learning 1989.
Translation in an international organization : a tightrope-walking act
The United Nations and a just world order
Poverty, biodiversity and local organisations : lessons from BirdLife International
The OAU after twenty years
The dynamics of international organization : the making of world order
Band-aid for a broken leg : being a doctor with no borders and other ways to stay single
Proceedings : 18th session of the General Assembly of IUCN - The World Conservation Union, Perth, Australia, 28 November - 5 December 1990.
Summary in Russian.
Transnational activism networks and gendered gatekeeping : negotiating gender in an African association of informal workers
The law of international institutions
Diverse human resource management of a non-profit organisation
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 2, Geographic volume, international organization participation: country directory of secretariats and membership
International government
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 1, Organization descriptions and cross-references
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2010
International institutional law
Renewing the United Nations system
Transformations in trade politics : West African civil society participation in economic partnership negotiations with the European Union
Central and South-Eastern Europe. 2009
International organizations in Europe and the changing European system : conference
Implied powers of international organizations
Initial findings from the IEA International civic and citizenship education study
International organizations
The doctrine of equality of states as applied in international organizations
NGOs capacity in development management : experience from Bangladesh
The proper law of international organisations
Amnesty International report. 2003.
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Gross and massive violations of human rights in Argentina 1976-1983 : an analysis of the procedure under ECOSOC resolution 1503
Russian greatpowerness : foreign policy, the two Chechen wars and international organisations
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
The ILO principle of equal pay and its implementation
PhD study on disability and international intervention in Central Asia
The WTO dispute settlement procedures : a collection of legal texts
International institutional law. 3, Teaching and materials
Caribbean perspectives on international law and organizations
Multi-stakeholder cooperation in global governance
The India phenomenom and Finland : backround study for Sitra ́s India programme
Unholy trinity : the IMF, World Bank, and WTO
The Inter-Parliamentary Union
Developing future crisis management : an ethnographic journey into the community and practice of multinational experimentation
The future of international economic organizations
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
The North Atlantic Treaty Organisation : facts and figures
The zones of silence in documentary heritage management : on diversity on the UNESCO Memory of World International Register
Organizing for peace : international organization in world affairs
Annual report : Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research, 1986-87
International organizations : perspectives on governance in the twenty-first century
The roots of the International Association of Criminal Law and their significance : a tribute and a re-assessment on the centenary of the IKV
The international civil service : law and management
International law and the international system
A new world economic order : overhauling the global economic governance as a result of the financial crisis, 2008–2009
The evolution of international organizations
The globalization reader
Legal advisers and international organizations
When the state falls : studies on intervention in the Sierra Leone civil war
International organizations : A dictionary & directory
International institutional law. 2, functioning and legal order
NATO aggression against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. 2, Documents
NATO aggression against the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. 1, Documents
International organizations in their legal setting : documents, comments and questions
Federalism and supranational organizations : patterns for new legal structures
Objective international personality of intergovernmental organizations : do their capacities really depend upon the conventions establishing them?
Yearbook of international organizations 1998/99. Vol. 3, Subject volume, global action networks: classified directory and index
The politics of global governance : international organizations in an interdependent world
Abstract.
Swords into plowshares : The problems and progress of international organization
The effectiveness of international decisions : papers of a conference of The American Society of International Law, and the proceedings of the conference
International marine organizations
50 years UEFA : 1954-2004
The politics of international organizations : studies in multilateral social and economic agencies
Finnish summary.
International regional organizations : constitutional foundations
Image & reality : questions and answers about the United Nations how it works and who pays for it
International organisations publications 1962.
Indigenous peoples and international organisations
Forging world order : the politics of international organization
UNESCO on the eve of its 40th anniversary
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
Unicef
Who really runs the global economy? Who benefits most from it? The answer is a triad of 'governance institutions' - The IMF, the World Bank and the WTO. Globalization massively increased the power of these institutions and they drastically affected the livelihoods of peoples across the world. Yet they operate undemocratically and aggressively promote a particular kind of neoliberal capitalism. Under the 'Washington Consensus' they proposed, poverty was to be ended by increasing inequality. This new edition of "Unholy Trinity", completely updated and revised, argues that neoliberal global capitalism has now entered a period of crisis so severe that governance will become impossible. Huge incomes for a small number of super-rich people produced an unstable global economy, rife with speculation and structurally prone to crises. The IMF is in disgrace, the WTO can hardly meet anymore and the World Bank survives as a global philanthropist. Is this the end for the Unholy Trinity?
Relations des Communautés européennes avec les organisations internationales : situation au 1.9.1989 = Relations between the European Community and international organisations : situation on 1.9.1989
An intergovernmental organization and its reputation according to politicians : case: the United Nations in Finland
International organisations during the Second World War
Building bridges or digging trenches? : civil society engagement after the arab spring
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
International organizations : a dictionary
International organisation : a conceptual approach
Scorpia rising : Alex Rider
The courier
Notes from my travels : visits with refugees in Africa, Cambodia, Pakistan and Ecuador
The International Commission of Jurists : the pioneering years
Conflict of international obligations and state interests
The future of international organization
International organizations : a comparative approach
United Nations
The deposit and registration of treaties of international organizations : Possible application of the rules of Vienna convention on the law of treaties
The Statesman's yearbook : the politics, cultures and economies of the world. 2006
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
China's approach to parliamentary diplomacy at the general assembly 1971-1979
