http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17849 human rights policy
human rights policy
SARS and human rights in a postmodern context : a case study of Toronto
Human rights and Indian values
Rogue state : a guide to the world's only superpower
Rogue state : a guide to the worlds̓ only superpower
Human rights conditionality in the EU's international agreements
The European Union and human rights monitoring
Government report to Parliament on the human rights policy of Finland 2009.
Global democracy and exclusion
The politics of human rights in East Asia
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
The legal protection of human rights : sceptical essays
Universal human rights?
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010 : events of 2009
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 3, Index on censorship-minority rights: overview
Impotent superpower : potent small state : potentials and limitations of human rights objectives in the foreign policies of the United States and Norway
Human Rights Watch world report. 2007, Events of 2006.
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 2, Democracy promotion- John Humphrey
EU human rights policies : a study in irony
Brotherhood to nationhood : George Manuel and the making of the modern Indian movement
Free at last : the U. S. civil rights movement
Human Rights Watch world report. 2009, Events of 2008.
Human rights is an important issue in contemporary politics, and the last few decades have seen a remarkable increase in research and teaching on the subject. This book introduces students to the study of human rights and aims to build on their interest while simultaneously offering an alternative vision of the subject. Many texts focus on the theoretical and legal issues surrounding human rights. This book adopts a substantially different approach which uses empirical data derived from research on human rights by political scientists to illustrate the occurrence of different types of human rights violations across the world. The authors devote attention to rights as responsibilities as well as to responsibilities, which do not stop at one country's political borders. They also explore how to deal with repression and the aftermath of human rights violations, making students aware of the prospects for and realities of progress.
A strong basis for inclusion and equality : Finland's disability policy programme Vampo 2010-2015
Human rights for communicators
Using conflict theory
Human rights : new perspectives, new realities
Portrait of a decade : the second American revolution
Human rights in the Near East and North Africa
Soul on fire
Human rights in Canadian foreign policy
Human rights, democracy and the left
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Failure : the Reagan administration's human rights policy in 1983
Persistent power of human rights : from commitment to compliance
Effective strategies for protecting human rights : prevention and intervention, trade and education
Negotiating asylum : the EU acquis, extraterritorial protection and the common market of deflection
Preventing war and disaster : a growing global challenge : 1999 annual report on the work of the organization
Neoconservative Ideology and the Use of Torture in the "Global War on Terror" : Morally Right, in perfect denial, or in persistent cognitive dissonance?
Human Rights Watch world report. 2008, Events of 2007.
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 5, Sri Lanka-Zimbabwe, topical outline of articles, directory of contributors, index
Human rights in Finnish foreign policy
The role of human rights in foreign policy
United Nations sanctions : effectiveness and effects, especially in the field of human rights : a multi-disciplinary approach
Freedom on fire : human rights wars and America's response
Aboriginal rights and self-government : the Canadian and Mexican experience in North American perspective
The question of intervention
Diplomacy of conscience : Amnesty International and changing human rights norms
Dimensions of comprehensive security. Human rights and Finland's foreign policy
The role of the European Union at the United Nations Human Rights Council
WHO resource book on mental health, human rights and legislation : stop exclusion, dare to care
A brief presentation of The Finnish Helsinki Committee and the International Helsinki Federation for Human Rights
The failure of the security paradigm in Syria : the human security perspective
Encyclopedia of human rights
National action plan on fundamental and human rights 2012-2013
The United Nations commission on human rights and the different treatment of governments : an inseparable part of promoting and encouraging respect for human rights?
Six decades of damped motion : UNESCO's fight for a world free of discrimination
Human rights and development cooperation : an analysis with a case study on Kenya
Particularity as universality : the politics of human rights in the European Union
Human rights strategy of the foreign service of Finland
Encyclopedia of human rights. Vol. 4, Minority rights: European Framework Convention-Soviet Gulag
New members in the 'European Community of values'? : the European Union's human rights policy towards the accession countries : a case study of Poland
2010 report on the application of the EU Charter of Fundamental rights
Human rights action plan of the foreign service of Finland 2013-2015 : appendix to the Human rights strategy of the foreign service of Finland
The EU and human rights
A report which distorts facts and confuses right and wrong : on the part about China in the 1994 "Human rights report" issued by the U.S. State department
Comments on US State Department human rights report on china
Great Britain, British Jews and the international protection of Romanian Jews, 1900-1914 : a study of Jewish diplomacy and minority rights
Human rights and international relations in the Asia-Pacific region
A problem from hell : America and the age of genocide
Universal human rights in theory and practice
Human rights diplomacy
Human rights : politics and practice
The practical guide to humanitarian law
Human Rights Watch world report. 2011, Events of 2010.
Powers and prospects : reflections on human nature and the social order
The legalization of human rights : multidisciplinary perspectives on human rights and human rights law
The politics of human rights : a case study of the 57th session of the Commission on Human Rights
The impact of the United Nations human rights treaties on the domestic level
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
Addressing climate vulnerability : promoting the participatory rights of indigenous peoples and women through Finnish foreign policy
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
Human rights and post-conflict transitional justice in East Timor
Human Rights Watch world report. 2010, Events of 2009.
Crossing borders /Rigoberta Menchú; translated and edited Ann Wright
Global human rights institutions : between remedy and ritual
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
The new Silk Road, a glimpse to China's regime?
Effective strategies for protecting human rights : economic sanctions, use of national courts and international fora and coercive power
Human rights in the Americas
Chains of justice : the global rise of state institutions for human rights
Human rights
Bonfire of the liberties : New Labour, human rights, and the rule of law
Distinguishing features of the African human rights system
Human rights discourse in North Korea : post-colonial, Marxist, and Confucian perspectives
Mainstreaming human rights in the context of the European security and defence policy
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
Stopping the torture trade
International human rights
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
Human Rights is an introductory text that is both innovative and challenging. It invites students to think conceptually about one of the most important and influential political concepts of our time. In this unique interdisciplinary approach, Michael Freeman emphasizes the complex ways in which the experiences of the victims of human rights violations are related to legal, philosophical and social-scientific approaches to human rights. By tracing the history of the concept, the book shows that there is a fundamental tension between the philosophy of human rights and the way in which it is understood in the social sciences. This analysis throws light on some of the most controversial issues in the field: Is the idea of the universality of human rights consistent with respect for cultural difference? Are there collective human rights? Should feminists embrace, revise or reject the idea of human rights? Does the idea of human rights distract our attention from the structural causes of oppression and exploitation? What are the underlying causes of human rights violations; and why do some countries have much worse human rights records than others? The book will appeal to students in the social sciences, as well as students of human rights law who want an introduction to the non-legal aspects of their subject. It will also be read by scholars interested in ethics and the social sciences, as well as the general reader. This is a substantially revised edition that takes account of recent events such as the ̓war on terror  and the global economic crisis of 2008.
A guide to human rights : institutions, standards, procedures
No future without forgiveness
Human rights and Finland's foreign policy : report by minister for foreign affairs Tarja Halonen to the Foreign Affairs Committee of Parliament on the Human Rights Policy of the Finnish Goverment, November 11, 1998.
Anything we love can be saved : a writer's activism
Finland's development policy programme : Government decision-in-principle 16 February 2012
New Finnish doctoral dissertations in international law
Children's rights in international politics : the transformative power of discourse
China's human rights lawyers and contemporary Chinese law : advocacy and resistance
The human rights act 1998 : what it means : the incorporation of the European convention on human rights into the legal order of the United Kingdom
The politics of human rights : the quest for dignity
Human rights and minority rights in the European Union
"China's human rights lawyers are important: as legal advocates for victims of injustice ; as proponents of legal and political change in China ; as part of the global and international struggle for human rights ; and as persecuted individuals. Based on years of fieldwork research and hundreds of anonymised conversations with several dozen human rights or, for short, 'rights lawyers' (weiquan lüshi), this book provides a portrait of this extraordinary group of people. This book offers a unique and invaluable insight into contemporary Chinese law and politics, reflecting on the significance of the idea of rights in Chinese society and understanding how and why rights lawyers play the role they do. It answers questions such as: how do rights lawyers operate? What, if any, is rights lawyers' impact on legal practice? How do they interact with their bureaucratic, professional, and social environments? How and why do they resist repression? What is their significance for political developments in China in the longer term? Its chapters discuss how some Chinese lawyers become 'rights lawyers', and examines how bureaucratic systems of control operate to subdue and marginalise human rights lawyers as well as how such lawyers challenge the system. The lawyers' experiences of repression at the hands of the police and state security apparatus are analysed in detail along with the intellectual, political and moral resources they draw on. The book thus sets out what human rights lawyers in China are and what they stand for ; an account that captures their experience at the hands of the legal-political system and by doing so, reflects on what that system is like. The audience for this book includes students and scholars of law, Chinese studies, political studies, international relations, and sociology and it is also addressed to people working in the fields of human rights advocacy, law, politics, international relations, and journalism
