http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17859 legal relationship
legal relationship
European employment and industrial relations glossary : Finland
Regulating employment relations, work and labour laws : international comparisons between key countries
Marriage Act ; Marriage Degree
Human rights in the treaty relations of the European Community : real virtues or virtual reality?
Legitimacy and ethnicity : a case study of Singapore
The changing law of the employment relationship : comparative analyses in the European context
The reform of family law in Europe : (the equality of the spouses, divorce, illegitimate children)
The great wall and the empty fortress : China's search for security
The Negro revolt
The changing face of labour law and industrial relations : liber amicorum for Clyde W. Summers
A normative EU policy towards China : mission impossible?
International business : the new realities
The politics of species : reshaping our relationships with other animals
In this remarkably objective and informed report the award-winning author and journalist Louis E. Lomax takes a searching new look at American history-from the early seventeenth century up to the present-as he traces some three hundred years of struggle, during which the American Negro has sought to attain full freedom.
Public international law : comments on the Helms-Burton act
The last time I saw her : a novel
Marital property regimes : thesis
Securitization of human rights : North Korean refugees in East Asia
Internet publishing and beyond : the economics of digital information and intellectual property
Legal regulation of the employment relation
Human rights is more than human rights : a primer for churches on security and cooperation in Europe
Employee participation in Western European countries
Global institutions and responsibilities : achieving global justice
The Supreme Court of Finland
Changing contours of domestic life, family and law : caring and sharing
The status of women under Islamic law and under modern Islamic legislation
Employment relationship : a comparative overview
Basic rights : subsistence, affluence, and U.S. foreign policy
China's practice of international law : some case studies
Fundamental problems of labour relations in the law of the European socialist countries
Law and politics in the international society
International encyclopedia of comparative law : under the auspices of the International Association of Legal Science. Volume 4, Chapter 4, Persons and family : Interspousal relations
Reindeer talk : Sámi reindeer herding and nature management
"The aim of this book is to explore what response the law has or should have to different family practices arising from cultural and religious beliefs. The issue has become increasingly debated as western countries have become more culturally diverse. Although discussion has frequently focused on the role Islamic family law should have in these countries, this book seeks to set that discussion within a wider context that includes consideration both of theoretical issues and also of empirical data about the interaction between specific family practices and state law in a variety of jurisdictions ranging from England and Wales to Bangladesh, Botswana, Spain, Poland, France, Israel, Iran and South Africa. The contributors to the 17 chapters approach the subject matter from a variety of perspectives, illustrating its complex and often sensitive nature. The book does not set out to propose any single definitive strategy that should be adopted, but provides material on which researchers, advocates and policy makers can draw in furthering their understanding of and seeking solutions to the problems raised by this significant social development"--P. [i]
The European Union and human rights
Labour law and industrial relations in France
Money and marriage
Human dignity : respect and consideration for mentally disabled adults
"The assumption that humans are cognitively and morally superior to other animals is fundamental to social democracies and legal systems worldwide. It legitimises treating members of other animal species as inferior to humans. The last few decades have seen a growing awareness of this issue, as evidence continues to show that individuals of many other species have rich mental, emotional and social lives. Bringing together leading experts from a range of disciplines, this volume identifies the key barriers to a definition of moral respect that includes nonhuman animals. It sets out to increase concern, empathy and inclusiveness by developing strategies that can be used to protect other animals from exploitation in the wild and from suffering in captivity. The chapters link scientific data with normative and philosophical reflections, offering unique insight into controversial issues around the ethical, political and legal status of other species"--
Self-determination : towards a broader concept?
Finnish labour law in practice [Talentum- verkkokirjahylly]
On disillusionment and its limits - interpretation of the interwar legal project in international relations and international law
Chinese treaties : the post-revolutionary restoration of international law and order
A comparative study of the regulation governing the use of fixed-term contracts in three EU member states
The old customary rights of the Lapps in Finland
Social failures of EU enlargement : a case of workers voting with their feet
Democracy and the international rule of law : propositions for an alternative world order : selected papers published on the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of the United Nations
Labor law in the Netherlands
Developments in EU external relations law
Dimensions of comprehensive security. Human rights and Finland's foreign policy
European Community law : text and materials
Fifty years of labour law and social security : studies at the occasion of the fiftiest anniversary of the chair in sociaal recht at the Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, the Netherlands
European works councils : information and consultation of employees in multinational enterprises in Europe
Remapping global politics : history's revenge and future shock
Problems of international justice
Distribution of matrimonial assets on divorce
The law of employment : A summary of the rights of employers and employees
Islamic family law
The system of industrial relations in Great Britain : its history, law and institutions
Marital agreements and private autonomy : in comparative perspective
Family law
Human rights in international relations
European foreign policy : legal and political perspectives
Managing family justice in diverse societies
Labour legislation and public policy
Comparative law of martimonial property : a symposium at the International faculty of comparative law at Luxembourg on the laws of Belgium, England, France, Germany, Italy and the Netherlands
Legal recognition of same-sex couples in Europe
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 1, Chapters 1-6
Summary in Russian.
A power for peace and development : the White Papers of the Chinese government from a public diplomacy point of view
Law of employment
Licensing best practices : the LESI guide to strategic issues and contemporary realities
Oxford handbooks online. Political science
Entitlement and the affectional bond : justice in close relationships
Health professional and patient interaction
The law applicable to international labour relations
The employee-inventor and the firm : opening the black box
The external relations of the European Community : division of powers between the Community and its member states especially in the field of international treaties, organizations and diplomatic representation
Intellectual property rights and the scope of the EC trade barriers regulation
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Labour law and industrial relations in small and medium-sized enterprises in the EEC countries : investigation report
Ohrana i zaŝita intellektual'noj sobstvennosti v rossijsko-finlândskom èkonomičeskom sotrudničestve : sbornik materialov = Protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights in Russian-Finnish economic cooperation
Human rights and sino-EU economic relations : how do human rights affect trade between China and the European Union?
Is the EU enlargement the success EU institutions proclaim? Based on fifteen years of fieldwork research across Central and Eastern Europe and on migrants in the UK and Germany, this book provides a less glittering answer. The EU has betrayed hopes of social cohesion: social regulations have been forgotten, multinationals use threats of relocations, and workers, left without institutional channels to voice their concerns, have reacted by leaving their countries en masse. Yet migration, for many, increases social vulnerability. Drawing on Hirschman's concepts of 'Exit' and 'Voice', the book traces the origins of such failures in the management of EU enlargement as a pure economic and market-creating exercise, neglecting the inherently political nature of labour relations. The reinforcement of market mechanisms without political counterbalances has resulted in an increase in opportunistic 'exit' behaviour by both employers and employees, and thereby in a worsening quality of democracy, at workplace, national and European levels. As a result of this process, the EU has become more similar to the North American Free Trade Agreement between USA, Canada and Mexico, where social rights are marginalized and economic integration does not translate into better development.
A guide to the rights of patients
International human rights
Disability rights and wrongs
Includes 40 handbooks and 1531 articles.
Marxism and international relations
Aktual'nye pravovye voprosy rossijsko-finlândskogo èkonomičeskogo sotrudničestva : sbornik materialov = Topical legal issues of the Russian-Finnish economic cooperation : collection of articles
The global human rights regime
Marriage, separation and divorce
Employment law : 1998 pocket part. Vol. 2, Chapters 7-end, table of cases, table of statutes
