http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17832 implementation (introduction)
implementation (introduction)
Advanced electrical installation work
Critical Success Factors for ERP Adoption Process
On the exploration of mobile technology acceptance among law enforcement officers using structural equation modelling (SEM) : a multi-group analysis of the Finnish police force
Initialization of the JYFLTRAP system
Development of commissioning guidelines for automation and control system of duel fuel power plant engine-generator set
Challenges in an inter-organisational information system implementation : participatory view
Financial support for renewable energy implementation in Finland, Norway, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Ireland
Adaptation of buildings to library use : proceedings of the seminar held in Budapest, June 3-7, 1985
"A collection of papers focusing on questions of Copper Age metallurgical contexts, outlining the importance of an integrated analysis of artefacts, considering pottery, metal, stone and osseous productions as inseparable aspects of economic and social choices."
Installation of a numerical controlled milling machine and lathe machine
Windows 7 deployment challenges in Kemi-Tornio University of Applied Sciences
Users perceptions of Rondo 8 electronic invoice system : case: City of Porvoo
Case study on critical resources and skills in game development
Dynamics of technological innovation systems : the case of biomass energy
Adoption of mobile shopping in Finland and Germany : a cross-cultural study
Implementation of SAP R/3 production planning module
Company information management system development for HuaRuiZhongHe C.P.A Co Ltd
Finland's national changeover plan for the introduction of the Euro : 18 December 1997
"Lasers perform many unique functions in a plethora of applications, but there are many inherent risks with this continually burgeoning technology. Laser Safety: Tools and Training, Second Edition presents simple, effective ways for users in a variety of facilities to evaluate the hazards of any laser procedure and ensure they are following documented laser safety standards. Designed for use as either a standalone volume or a supplement to Laser Safety Management, this text includes fundamental laser and laser safety information and critical laser use information rarely found in a single source. Written by a working Laser Safety Officer (LSO), the book's depth and breadth make it appropriate for both the seasoned professional and the novice. It presents case studies of real accidents, preventive measures that could have been taken to avoid such accidents, and templates for documenting potential laser risks and attendant safety measures. Reflecting the exponential use of laser technology over the last several years, this text considers the growing use of petawatt laser installations and nanotechnology applications and addresses current laser projects such as the National Ignition Facility (NIF) and Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS). Several chapters explore the components of laser work and laser safety that deal with optics, the optical table, the power meter, and user training. The second edition includes coverage of the following new topics:Terahertz radiationLaser safety cultureOptical acceleratorsNanotechnology and laser applicationsLaser lab design lessonsLaser disposal"--
Process steam systems : a practical guide for operators, maintainers, and designers
Summary.
Implementation plan of an internal communication strategy
Project Review on Implementation of  Responsive Web Design on SharePoint 2013
Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 is the 4th version in SharePoint series. It was published in the end of 2009, and it provides a working platform for enterprise on the business collaboration. This thesis is about Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 and Enterprise Informatization. It will provide the information about: What is Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010, what Enterprise Informatization is and the application of Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 in enterprise informatization. Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010, as a working platform, includes Sites, Communities, Content, Search, Insights and Composites, these six feature areas work both inside and outside the enterprise, almost provide all the functions enterprise needs. Enterprise informatization means use the modern information technology to manage the enterprise. Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010, as a tool, can help enterprise to achieve Enterprise Informatization. After the research, Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 and enterprise informatization will be understood deeply, and the application of Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 in real work will be shown and analyzed. It will also explain that Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 is better for the medium and large enterprise, and Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010 is helpful for enterprise to achieve informatization.
Promotional web-project : planning and implementation
Process analysis and improvement in the context of international airport information management system implementation : the case study of Northern capital gateway company
Adopting Scrum in supporting and developing legacy software systems
Feasibility analysis of new Internet protocols : methods and case studies
Selecting a Deployment Automation Tool for CRM Software in Elisa Oy
Sustainable solutions for last mile Internet access in developing countries : critical success factors
The absent peer : non-users in social interaction design
Case study of critical succes factors in ERP system implementation : SAP payroll and time management implementation project
Exergaming usage : hedonic and utilitarian aspects
The challenges in collaborative planning implementation
ERP post-implementation support in case company
ERP system modeling and implementation for business management in small and medium enterprises
Strategy implementation and communcation : in Team 1 of Case Organization
An examination of factors influencing ERP key-user satisfaction : A qualitative case study
Practical digital signal processing for engineers and technicians
ICT and teachers in higher education : case study on adopting web based training
Mechatronics : theory and applications
From problems to critical success factors of enterprise architecture adoption
Consistency and change in Finnish broadcasting policy : the implementation of digital television and lessons from the Canadian experience
Deployment of IT an service management system : Uponor Corporation
E-learning 2.0 technologies and web applications in higher education
Alma Media's new visual indentity and an internal launch
The purpose of this thesis was to examine the target company’s current situation regarding the project management tools as well as organize and carry out the system survey project and also to produce a proposal for a possible system acquisition to the management team. The final goal was to implement the new system(s), arrange training events, create user instructions and control the production transfer. Data evaluation of the current state was collected from the different users personally. The launch for the thesis was also supported by the previously held job satisfaction survey in the target company, which indicates the need for the system and process development. The obtained data was part of the requirement specification for the system survey process whose outcome was chosen a suitable system and vendor. The implementation process was carried out with the company’s project team and close cooperation with the vendor. Finally the new system(s) and the practices were successfully implemented and realized. In the end, the user satisfaction survey was arranged in order to review the practical results of implementation. The questionnaires were sent to almost 100 people around the organization. The evaluated questionnaire results show that the outcome of the implementation process was a major step forward in the company project related to tools. In addition of the project management tools, the company’s financial management system as well as other company's operations were harmonized, electrified and updated. The final review of the implementation project showed that the achieved state enables more efficient project related actions. The results prove that the final outcome is now supporting better the company’s business operations in many ways and will bring more value adding business activities around the organization. Therefore, further studies do not need to be conducted in the near future in this area but some development actions still remained to be solved. These issues relates to the existing functions of the implemented systems which need to be developed further to ensure the full utilization of the system, fulfilling the company’s future needs and guarantee a cost-effective and qualitative grow and competitiveness.
The use of e-government services and the Internet: the role of socio-demographic, economic and geographical predictors
ICTs as instruments of school transformation in Botswana : a qualitative analysis of challenges and innovations produced in discourse of two ICT training workshops
Implementation of e-banking in Vietnam : motivations and challenges - case Company A
Market-derived web design and implementation
Biofuels adoption in Nigeria : analysis of sustainability and policy issues
Implementation of SAP Co-Pa in Schunk Praha s.r.o
Commissioning procedure for marine engines = Merimoottorien käyttöönottojärjestys
Investigating the success of ERP systems in Pakistan : end-users' perspective
C onfiguration management of FreeNEST cloud services
Commissioning of heating systems
CRM system implementation for managing customer relationships in business-to-business markets
This thesis project is a real practice of developing a web based information system, it requests a  comprehensive understanding of software development lifecycle and methodologies, also enough  progamming skills and project management knowledge are required in order to fullfill customer's  needs and carry out the project in time. It's a lot of pressure and challengs but on the other hand it  bring experience that can not be learned in class.    The customer HurRuiZhongHe C.P.A Co Ltd is a chinese company that provides audit and accounting  services for other companies in a variety of fields, their serving customers have a great increase in  recent years which brought the needs of information management system. In the early stage, it has  been decided that the system will consist of three major parts, they are sub-systems of customer  management system, project management system which refers to case management system and case  automation management system in project plan, and employee management system, during the project  development process while the deeper understanding the customer acquired, there are more  requirements regarding functionalities and sub-systems, the project became larger compare to the  original plan, More then ten business related sub-systems are developed and covers most of company's  activities by the end.    The thesis report will give an overall report on the project development including it's background  information and detailed implementation introduction, three documentations are given as appendices,  feasibility study, software requirement documentation of project management system and design document.
Knowledge management and human resources information system : training material and user instructions
Foundation fieldbus : a pocket guide
New operating system implementation
International Financial Reporting Standards adoption in a continental European context : perspectives of preparers
Contextual implementation of organizational networking systems
Boilers : CIBSE commissioning code B
The implementation and use of ERMS : a study in Icelandic organizations
NASA Hubble Space Telescope 1990 onwards (including all upgrades) : owners' workshop manual : an insight into the history, development, collaboration, construction and role of the Earth-orbiting space telescope
Enterprise informatization with Microsoft SharePoint Server 2010
Tiivistelmä: Global MES implementation guide for Perlos.
Metadata for digital resources : implementation, systems design and interoperability
Essentials of systems analysis and design
The Suitability of Thinking Portfolio® Software in Project Reporting. Case: Cargotec
Social, economic and symbolic perspectives at the dawn of metal production
What Needs to be Considered When Implementing Prospective Diaries for Intensive Care Patients?
Erection and commissioning progress measurement on Foster Wheeler sites
IBM WebSphere Commerce performance improvements using IBM DynaCache tehnology
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers’ perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
Maintaining supply performance during an ERP system implementation phase : case Cloetta Suomi Oy
Implementing an ERP-system in a Finnish SME-company
Implementing and follow-up on SAP travel management : case: The Bank of Finland
The aim was to study an implementation of a new rule of authorities at Aker yards and to propose a new way of implementing the new rules. However, when it was discovered that an organized way of the implementation did not exist, a new way was created during the implementation process. The new rule of the authorities was studied, an interpretation was made and based on the interpretation, instructions as well as a teaching material was prepared. Almost a hundred engineers of an organization and in addition 32 design offices were educated. Electronical filing system was created to help the implementation process. With the cooperation of the authorities and a ship owner a new ship building rule was refined to an executable form resulting the new way of the implementation. The implementation process was studied and based on the experience gained from the implementation and a comprehensive review on literature about knowledge management and organizational learning, a proposal for the implementation of a new rule of the authorities was made.
Refrigerating systems : CIBSE commissioning code R
Learnability makes things click : a grounded theory approach to the software product evaluation
An implementation of a new order of the authority in ship's planning and production processes
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Enterprise Resource Planning and Obstacles in The Implementation Process : The Case of Kalmar
Success factors of ERP SAP after implementation
Common work, different methods? : a case study of implementing new process model in a multinational expert organisation
Development of project management and financial management solutions
Success factors of customer and supplier master data system
Global MES implementation guide for Perlos
Examining consumers' intention, behavior, and beliefs in mobile banking adoption and continuous usage
Change management combined to an information system deployment project will significantly improve the likelihood of the project to meet its objectives. The purpose of this research was to examine a pilot project in connection to the global deployment of an information system with the commissioning company. This research project was based on literature and the findings from the pilot deployment project. Using these as data, a proposal was made on how to develop the deployment by means of change management practices. The aim here was to improve the stakeholders' experiences and results of the information system deployment in the future country based deployment projects.  Both individual change models and organizational change management methodologies are described in this research. The theories used in the research are based on the change management models of Kotter and Prosci as well as Galpin's different levels of reasons for resistance. The themes for empirical research were selected from these theories. The main data collection method used here was semi structured interviews. A representative group of interviewees was selected from the stakeholders of the pilot project in information system deployment. Based on the results of the research project it is recommended that there is a need to focus on four key areas related to the change management activities both in the case project and in general with similar type of system deployment projects managed by the procurement organization. These focus areas are stakeholder management, communication, training and change measuring.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Design and implementation of questions and answers (QnA) system : connecting the students closer
Database system implementation
Change management for information system project in procurement
Administrators introduction to application repackaging and software deployment using windows installer
Adoption of the alcohol interlock and its effects in professional transport
Empowering mobile art practice : a recontextualization of mobile and ubiquitous computing
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 7 : implementation conformance statements
Implementation of facility management to improve the fire safety regulation in Bangladesh
Educational innovations beyond technology : nurturing leadership and establishing learning organizations
The objectives of this thesis project are to (1) find out what information do clients need when they make investment decisions on e-learning courses, and (2) based on the need identified, help clients make decisions on e-learning course investments.  To meet the objectives, a decision was made to develop an on-line guide, that helps clients make decisions on e-learning course investments, and offers them practical tools, which help in the preparation of investment proposals. The theoretical framework and contextual focus of the study is based on client need, which was analysed during the study. A qualitative, interpretivist action research approach was applied in this study. Data-collection was done by "convergent interviewing" technique. The study focused on highly diverse and international client organisations, of which three are based in Finland and one in the USA. Persons who are responsible for e-learning in these organizations were chosen as informants. The thesis process was iterative with data-collection feeding the design efforts and vice versa. The four main themes that emerged are: 1. Why e-learning, 2. Costs and measures, 3. Building the foundation, and 4. Technological considerations. Literature review was carried out in each four themes mentioned above, and the content of the guide is based on the gathered information. Special attention was paid on the cost structures of different training options, whichaccording to client feedback is a challenging issue to understand for many. In addition to the actual guide, three practical tools were developed for a) comparing costs of different training options, b) evaluating e-learning vendors, and c) collecting relevant data and presenting a solid e-learning investment proposal (in the form of a business case). These tools can be downloaded from the on-line guide. Test-user feedback proves that there's increasing need for the guide and that the guide answers many questions of clients. The greatest value seems to be the tools, which according to feedback assist in the collection and presentation of relevant information to decision-makers. According to test-users the guide is user-friendly, versatile and it has a clear way of presentation. The guide has succeeded in the task of taking a more simple, practical and understandable approach to the e-learning investment agenda. Eventually, two main streams for further development of the guide were identified. The quality aspect of training should be studied further from the viewpoint of e-learning, and tools by which the quality aspects of e-learning solutions could be assessed should be included in the guide. The other stream of development focuses on how to improve the functionality and usability of the on-line guide and tools.
Development of process guide for mechanical pre-commissioning and commissioning
Process improvement and customer relationship development with an IT solution in Suomen Lasinjalostus Oy
Abstract.
Large-scale migration to an open source office suite : an innovation adoption study in Finland
A beneficial web user experience development : creating a mutual web site for a Joint project on international training in Northern Finland
Change management process deployment and further development
Euro conversion process in Metso Paper, Inc. and its Rautpohja Unit
Web application development
The importance of persuasive systems design in enhancing consumers' perceptions and adoption of health behavior change support systems
Role of application deployer in J2EE environment : responsibilities, technology and practices
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Nowadays, the business activities are not limited by time, space and locations, as the rapid development of information technologies and international business co-operations. The efficiency and high quality business results should be the most important goal and paid most of attention by the enterprises that are not only large ones, but also small and medium size ones,as there is a big growth of them (SMEs) during this global economic environment. The enterprise resource planning (ERP) system is a tool which is able to make all the business processes be efficiency and timely so that coming out well quality business results. It has been using widely of big or large firms, but it has not been so much attractive for small and medium size enterprises, as the mainly reasons are the cost and uncertain necessary of using it by them. Within this thesis, according to introduce ERP system, its features and benefits of implementing it, as well as analysis the good example of implementing ERP system, that trying to get more attention and interests to implement ERP systems from small and medium size enterprises. The mainly process of doing this thesis is based on literature research and study and the result could probably be used by improving the implementation of ERP system in various business scales.
Opening the black-box of IT artifacts : looking into mobile service characteristics and individual perception
Political power games and institutions: a case study of e-HRM implementation from micro-political and institutional perspective : case: Sympa Oy
Corporate Social Responsibility Implementation by Vietnamese Enterprises : case: Vinamilk Corp. & Kinh Do Corp.
MyNP tool implementation in Nokia IT's Delivery Applications unit
Laser safety : tools and training
Sustainable Approaches in Construction and their influence on Building Value : The quantification of sustainble buildings value in Germany
Insights into consumers' emerging interest in mobile services
Lead-free implementation and production : a manufacturing guide
Managing XML data DB2, Oracle and MS SQL Server 2005
The commissioner of this thesis wanted to modify and re-launch the MOC concept within their organization due to the internal and external misinterpretations of the MOC service agreements.  The main goal of this study is therefore to ensure that the stakeholders within the case company`s Service division understand the concept of the modified MOC and this is approached by developing an internal communication (IC) strategy to identify a feasible implementation plan and IC tools for the re-launch of MOC. The author is working for the commissioner and developed during his internship time a new IC strategy based on the prevailing situation. The result of the strategy development process shows that a feasible MOC implementation plan can be reached when it has clear objectives, assignment allocations with deadlines and no overloaded action. Other requirements are that it should be able to implement within a short time frame and as well as be achievable and measurable. The main IC tools in order to communicate the change include electronic newsletter and face to face meetings whereas sub tools of discussion list, paper newsletter and intranet. The outcome covered the commissioner`s needs and requirements, thus it will be fully implemented in early summer.
Automated continuous documentation : case Contriboard
Risk Management in Building Construction : How to achieve success within the construction phase
A cross-border VMI to Russia and cultural impacts to the implementation
Designing user acceptance testing plan for ERP implementation
Preparing for ERP Implementation : Case: Enersize Oy
Product complexity in the adoption of user-customized systems
Commissioning management : CIBSE comissioning code M
Electric guitar setups / A richly detailed and illustrated guide to getting the best sound and feel from your electric or acoustic-electric guitar
Information technology  - open system interconnection - conformance testing methodology and framework : Part 7 : implementation conformance statements. Technical corrigendum 1.
Implementation of information systems as an organisational construction
Decision-making support for e-learning investments : developing an on-line guide for client organisations
