http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1782 biology
biology
Biostatistics : the bare essentials
The Princeton review biology coloring workbook
Water research in Finland 2002-2006 : international evaluation
Biological research reports from the University of Jyväskylä. 1
Morphogenesis of mammalian endoplasmic reticulum and golgi apparatus throughout the cell cycle
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Soviet genetics and world science : Lysenko and the meaning of heredity
A dictionary of biology
Synthesising qualitative research : choosing the right approach
Mathematics, astronomy, and biology in Indian tradition : some conceptual preliminaries
I contain multitudes : the microbes within us and a grander view of life
Management of Biological Invasions : international journal of applied research on biological invasions
Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales
General biology
The Scientific American book of projects for the amateur scientist
Journal of the Royal Society of Western Australia
Erforschung biologischer Ressourcen der Mongolei = Exploration into the Biological Resources of Mongolia
Biology and the future of man
The Penguin dictionary of biology
To move or to convene : regulatory circuits of mat fimbriae in Escherichia coli
Basic calculations for chemical and biological analysis
The importance of pupils' interests and out-of-school experiences in planning biology lessons
Western North American naturalist
Biology for the IB diploma : standard and higher level
Proceedings of the annual Biology Colloquium
Helminthological abstracts
Extracellular ATP as a regulator of intracellular signaling in thyroid FRTL-5 cells
Modern industrial microbiology and biotechnology
National Oak Gall Wasp Survey : mapping with parabiologists in Finland
Programme of the Spanish contribution to the IBP
Journal of the North Carolina Academy of Science
USDA/FSIS Microbiology laboratory guidebook. Chapter 33, Detection of antimicrobial residues in meat and poultry tissue by screen tests
Secret chambers : the inside story of cells and complex life
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology : alanimi
Reports from the Department of Biology
Journal of histotechnology
Cell biology of canine parvovirus entry
Hair growth patterns in the vole Clethrionomys rufocanus (Sund.)
The eternal flame
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Illinois Natural History Survey special publication
Tumor necrosis factors and chemokines in hair development
The Mitchell Beazley family encyclopedia of nature
Fifteen years ago the cave spider Meta menardi (Latreille, 1804) was known in Finland in two locations only. Partly due to extensive search it is to date known from 20 sites, all however located in the south-westernmost parts of the country. M. menardi is known to prefer stable and relatively warm subterranean habitats. Our temperature data from a cave on the Åland Islands in Finland indicates that the populations of M. menardi on the northern limit of its distribution could be more cold tolerant than the previously studied populations in Central Europe. In this paper all known locations in Finland are mapped and presented in a table with habitat data. A note on the strategy for catching mosquitoes with the orb web is given and the possible importance of the prey-catching function of the orb web is briefly discussed..
High seroprevalence of Simkania negevensis in Jordan
"This book proposes a new perspective: that our current theories of the physical world don't work, and can never be made to work, until they account for life and consciousness.  This book proposes that, rather than a belated and minor outcome after billions of years of lifeless physical processes, life and consciousness are absolutely fundamental to our understanding of the universe."--Introd.
The right tools for the job : at work in twentieth-century life sciences
Variation in developmental mode and its effects on divergence and maintenance of populations
Parasitism, reproduction and sexual selection of roach, Rutilus rutilus L
Biology : life on earth
Biological reviews
Molecular diversity
The science of biology
Proceedings of the Royal Society. B, Biological sciences
Conjugal transfer of the symbiotic plasmid in Rhizobium galegae sv. officinalis
Retrotransposon BARE1 translation, localization, and VLP formation in barley
Influence of soil physico-chemical characteristics on the success of growing the black truffle (Tuber melanosporum) in the Auvergne region in France
Curious behavior : yawning, laughing, hiccupping and beyond
Typhlodromips jurmoensis ; (Acari: Mesostigmata: Amblyseiinae), a new species from the archipelago of SW Finland
A concise dictionary of biology
Proc. 2nd National conference on the history of Finnish biology
Biologist : journal of the Institute of Biology
Herpetology : an introductory biology of amphibians and reptiles
Free radicals in medicine and biology : Uppsala, Sweden, October 8-9, 1979
JoVE Science Education Videos
What is life?
The bacterium Simkania negevensis is a germ associated with respiratory diseases. This study aims at estimating the prevalence of Simkania in the Jordanian population. Serum samples from 664 Jordanian males and females, aged 2 to 86 years were collected. IgG and IgM Simkania-specific antibodies were detected using an indirect immunofluorescence test. Seropositivity titers for IgG and IgM were defined as 1:8 and 1:10, respectively. The overall prevalence of IgG antibody in all examined Jordanian nationals was 58.4%. IgG seropositivity was low in children under the age of 10 years (34.2%), and increased rapidly with age and ranged between 49.4% and 72%. Simkania-specific IgM was detected in 24.8% of subjects. IgM prevalence in children under 10 years was lowest (10.5%) and increased in older ages and remained above 20%. Overall detection rates of both IgG and IgM were significantly higher in females than males (60.7% vs. 54.5% for IgG and 26.7% vs. 21.7% for IgM). These data indicate that Simkania infection is highly prevalent in Jordan. The high level of seropositivity is most likely maintained by re-infections or chronic infections. Our data may serve as a basis to elucidate the pathogenesis of Simkania in Jordan.
Principles of modern biology
The effects of eutrophication on alternative reproductive tactics in threespine stickleback
A new science of life : the hypothesis of morphic resonance
Revised taxonomy of the family Rhizobiaceae, and phylogeny of mesorhizobia nodulating Glycyrrhiza spp
Fundamental concepts of biology
Enterovirus-induced non-acidic entry pathway and its relation to the epidermal growth factor receptor pathway
Microbiology : a very short introduction
Characterization of viral nanoparticles and virus-like structures by using fluorescence correlation spectroscopy (FCS)
Collagen receptor integrins : evolution, ligand binding selectivity and the effect of activation
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
How plants work : a hands-on guide to the natural world
Caribbean journal of science
Nuffield advanced biology. Practical guide 6, Development, control and integration
GATA factors regulate inner ear development and midbrain neurogenesis
Help your kids with science : a unique step-by-step visual guide
Role and function of nonmuscle alpha-actinin-1 and -4 in regulating distinct subcategories of actin stress fibers in mammalian cells
An extended food web from Greenland : adding birds, spiders and plants to a parasitoid-lepidopteran web
DNA polymerase Epsilon and TopBP1 : unexpected links between DNA replication, stress response and RNA metabolism
General science biology
Australian journal of scientific research. Ser. B, Biological sciences
Computational methods for modelling and analysing biological networks
Tiscia
Biology and epistemology
Student study guide to accompany Biology, sixth edition
Living earth
The Usborne illustrated dictionary of science
Teaching biology
Developing synthetic biology tools and model chassis : production of bioenergy and high-value molecules
Biology : Concepts and connections
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Usborne first illustrated science dictionary
Bulletin of the Biogeographical Society of Japan
Genetic purity of the common bean (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. ʻINTA ROJOʼ) during seed production in Nicaragua
Regulation and function of GATA transcription factors in adrenocortical tumors and granulosa cells
Processes in microbial ecology
Biocentrism : how life and consciousness are the keys to understanding the true nature of the universe
Longman illustrated dictionary of biology : living organisms in all forms explained and illustrated
Modeling climate change impacts on European tree species : comparing statistical and dynamic models
Phylogeny and biogeography of the plant family Calceolariaceae
A child's introduction to natural history : the story of our living earth-from amazing animals and plants to fascinating fossils and gems
BIOSIS previews search guide
This is a new methodology in health care. Recently, health care policymakers and practitioners have recognised the potential contribution of qualitative research to support decision making. Different methodological approaches have been developed and used in practice. Some approaches have focused on the inclusion of qualitative data only. Others have experimented with the integration of both quantitative and qualitative research results, or have been used to complement results from quantitative reviews. This book provides the first overview of commonly used qualitative synthesis approaches in health care, with worked examples illustrating how appropriate methods are used in different situations. The methods covered include: Meta-aggregation; Meta-ethnography; Critical interpretive synthesis; Realist review; Mixed methods approach; and, Bayesian approaches to the synthesis of qualitative and quantitative research findings. Written by experienced researchers from three continents, "Synthesising Qualitative Research" is an authoritative yet accessible introduction to these new methodologies and will be an invaluable tool to all who are involved in systematic reviewing. It aims to guide and assist researchers and professionals in choosing the right approach for their particular review projects.
Environmental biology
Generation of flat and curved membranes by Inverse-BAR domain proteins
Biology : student study guide
Genetic selection in human mitochondria
Dung beetle communities in degraded rainforest landscapes in Madagascar
Cambridge international AS and A level Biology
Phytoplankton biomass and its relation to phosphorus loading and thermal conditions in Lake Pääjärvi
Physcomitrella patens as a model for studies on plant-pathogen interactions
100 things to know about science
Science in History. Volume 3, The Natural Sciences in Our Time
Transcriptional Regulation of GABAergic neuron differentiation in the developing diencephalon, midbrain and anterior hindbrain
Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha)
Cladistic biogeography : interpreting patterns of plant and animal distributions
www.r4photobiology.info : R packages for photobiology
The descent of man
Microbial ecology is the study of interactions among microbes in natural environments and their roles in biogeochemical cycles, food web dynamics, and the evolution of life. Microbes are the most numerous organisms in the biosphere and mediate many critical reactions in elemental cycles and biogeochemical reactions. Because they are essential players in the carbon cycle and related processes, microbial ecology is a vital science for understanding the role of the biosphere in global warming and the response of natural ecosystems to climate change. This novel textbook discusses the major processes carried out by viruses, bacteria, fungi, protozoa and other protists - the microbes - in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial ecosystems. It focuses on biogeochemical processes, starting with primary production and the initial fixation of carbon into cellular biomass, before exploring how that carbon is degraded in both oxygen-rich (oxic) and oxygen-deficient (anoxic) environments. These biogeochemical processes are affected by ecological interactions, including competition for limiting nutrients, viral lysis, and predation by various protists in soils and aquatic habitats. The book neatly connects processes occurring at the micron scale to events happening at the global scale, including the carbon cycle and its connection to climate change issues. A final chapter is devoted to symbiosis and other relationships between microbes and larger organisms. Microbes have huge impacts not only on biogeochemical cycles, but also on the ecology and evolution of more complex forms of life, including Homo sapiens.
Life history of Schizophyllum sabulosum (L.) (Diplopoda, Iulidae)
Environmental microbiology : from genomes to biogeochemistry
Abstract (kuvailulehti): Taxonomy, distribution, biology and conservation status of Finnish Auchenorrhyncha (Hemiptera: Fulgoromorpha et Cicadomorpha).
I found a dead bird : a guide to the cycle of life and death
Learning and memory : a comprehensive reference
Contributions to natural history
Science series
SUMOylation in the Regulation of Androgen Receptor and Pioneer Factor FOXA1 in Prostate Cancer Cells
Biology : investigating life on earth
A Diverse Observance of Life: Multiple Intelligences in Biology
The social impact of modern biology
The cave spider Meta menardi (Araneae, Tetragnathidae) - occurrence in Finland and notes on its biology
Analyzing functions : an essay on a fundamental notion in biology
Your brain and your self : what you need to know
Annual review of ecology, evolution, and systematics. Volume 47, 2016
On stylopisation of Araenopids
An invasive ectoparasite of cervids, the deer ked dispersion, cold tolerance and predation
Statistical methods in biology
IUFS Journal of biology
The naked ape : a zoologist's study of the human animal
Bio 2010 : transforming undergraduate education for future research biologists
Can warning signals be honest? : wing colouration and the strength of chemical defence in the female wood tiger moth (Parasemia plataginis)
Natural history bulletin of the Siam Society
The new Penguin dictionary of biology
ROM contributions in science
What is life? : investigating the nature of life in the age of synthetic biology
Here be dragons : how the study of animal and plant distributions revolutionized our views of life and earth
Reports from the Kevo Subarctic Research Station
Biological journal of the Linnean Society
Coupling high-resolution satellite imagery with ALS-based canopy height model and digital elevation model in object-based boreal forest habitat type classification
Microbiology for dummies
The effects of habitat and human activity on daybed selection in brown bears
Connective tissue research
Biology teacher's handbook
Sciencia : mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and astronomy for all
The objective of our research was to find out if forest will invade the treeless areas in the present treeline ecotone in northern Finnish Lapland and which factors might impede forest advance. The field studies were carried out on Ailakkavaara near Kilpisjärvi, in the Pallastunturi area, and in northern Utsjoki(Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi-Staloskaidi, Jesnalvaara). In the Kilpisjärvi area and in northern Utsjoki only mountain birch is represented in the treeline ecotone, except for Jesnalvaara, where pine also occurs. In the Pallastunturi area, mountain birch, pine and spruce are represented in the treeline ecotone up to the treeline. In all study areas, a mosaic of widely scattered trees, tree groves and almost treeless subarctic dwarf shrub-lichen heath characterize the treeline ecotone. This mosaic is closely related to the locally varying topography and its influence on site conditions. In all the places, adverse physical and biological factors impede the forest from invading the present treeless areas within the treeline ecotone. Generally, seedlings are rare on top of wind-swept convex topography compared to better wind-protected snow-rich depressions such as little stream sides. Low or missing winter snow cover, ice particle abrasion, sand blast, and reindeer cause damage to seedlings and sparse young growth. Sandy till, typical of the ecotone on Rodjanoaivi, Koahppeloaivi and Staloskaidi (northern Utsjoki), is highly susceptible to wind erosion once the protecting plant cover has been destroyed. Thus, on the prevailing convex, wind-exposed topography, frequented by reindeer, the topsoil is eroded leaving the bare mineral soil exposed. Due to the sandy texture and lack of organic matter these sites drain rapidly. Drought and poor nutrient supply are most adverse to seedling establishment. In the other study areas (Ailakkavaara, Pallastunturi and also Jesnalvaara in northern Utsjoki) wind erosion is far less important. Seedlings are more frequent in wind-sheltered, snow-rich and moist shallow valleys and depressions. Altogether, our studies do not support the optimistic forecasts of a rapid advance of the forest to greater elevation. Even with warmer conditions the adverse effects of severe microclimate, drought and reindeer would override in spite of decades of slightly raised temperatures.
Animal, vegetable, mineral? : how eighteenth-century science disrupted the natural order
Anatoxin-a and odorous metabolites in cyanobacteria : molecular detection of the producers
Thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words
Method and practice in Aristotle's biology
The complete A-Z biology handbook
Advanced biology : principles & applications
Lifelines : biology beyond determinism
Research bulletin
Phyton : annales rei botanicae
Comparison of Finnish and Russian indoor climate requirements in residential buildings
The Kingfisher encyclopedia of life : minutes, months, millennia - how long is a life on earth?
A leaf in time
Biology of metabolism in growing animals
Protein purification of Agrobacterium tumefaciens phytochrome Agp1 and UV-vis spectroscopy analysis in comparison to DrBphP from Deinococcus Radiodurans
Move up : why some cultures advance and others don't
Gene silencing induced by RNA1 16K gene mutants of Tobacco rattle virus on Nicotiana benthamiana
Journal of the National Museum (Prague). Natural history series
The vital question : why is life the way it is?
Regeneration of trees in the treeline ecotone : northern Finnish Lapland
Biological psychology : an illustrated survival guide
Complete biology for Cambridge IGCSE
Biosphere science
The avidin protein family : properties of family members and engineering of novel biotin-binding protein tools
Tinkering with cusp patterning : developmental genetic mechanisms in mouse molar development
Effective population size and the viability of the Siberian jay population of Suupohja, Finland
Computational approaches to biological network inference and modeling in systems biology
On-line biology book
Counting sheep! : why do we sleep?
Physiology of the skin
Life : the science of biology
The activation of aggresomal pathway in Coxsackievirus B3 infection
Dig and sow! : how do plants grow?
Fish & shellfish immunology
Health in Southern Finland : bioarchaeological analysis of 555 skeletons excavated from nine cemeteries (11th-19th century AD)
Integrins as cellular receptors for fibril-forming and transmembrane collagens
Biology : laboratory manual
Image analysis algorithms for single-cell study in systems biology
A history of the life sciences
Tuning cell motility : roles of nestin and vimentin in cancer cell invasion
Knowledge acquisition, organization, and use in biology
Integration of Eda signaling with other signaling pathways in oral ectodermal organogenesis
Studies on OX1 orexin receptor coupling to arachidonic acid and endocannabinoid signaling
Application of hydrocarbon degrading microorganism enumeration and catabolic genes detection in soil assessment
Campbell biology : concepts & connections
The effective teaching of biology
The influence of human-induced eutrophication on the honesty of sexual signalling in the three-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
