http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17894 activation
activation
How to save an hour every day
Reflective teaching, reflective learning : how to develop critically engaged readers, writers, and speakers
E-tivities : the key to active online learning
Music is a powerful means of engaging children with developmental disabilities such as Autism Spectrum Disorders, Down's Syndrome and Cerebral Palsy. Pamela Ott's lively music activity book shows how music can be an effective and enjoyable way to enhance the education and development of children with special needs. Packed with inspiring tips, activities and song ideas, this book will have everybody singing, tapping and playing along! The book explains simple and fun ways of using songs, instruments and musical games to connect with children of all levels of ability, and includes helpful rhythm.
Fame : collection of activating methods
The art of discussion-based teaching : opening up conversation in the classroom
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues:activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Pollutant (such as metals and sulphate) contamination exists in the wastewaters of many industries, including mining operations, metal plating facilities, and tanneries. Adsorption is one of the most commonly used processes for the removal of pollutants from waters and wastewaters due to its high efficiency and simple operation. Activated carbon is the most frequently used adsorbent material, although its high cost inhibits its widespread use in wastewater treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop other adsorbents from alternative inexpensive raw materials such as locally available industrial and mineral waste and by-products. The aim of this thesis was to study the possibility of using industrial waste materials such as carbon residue, metakaolin, blast-furnace slag and analcime as an inexpensive sorbent for iron, copper, nickel, arsenic, antimony and sulphate removal from aqueous solutions. To enhance their adsorption capacity, different chemical treatments (i.e. activation, modification, geopolymerisation) were performed. As a result, the level of removal of iron, copper and nickel by carbon residue and zinc chloride activated carbon residue was higher than that by the commercial activated carbon. Iron chloride modified carbon residue was the most effective sorbent material for sulphate removal when compared to the other studied chemically modified/activated carbon residues. Blast-furnace slag and metakaolin geopolymers as well as their raw materials, were examined for the simultaneous removal of nickel, arsenic and antimony from the spiked mine effluent. In the case of blast-furnace slag, geopolymerisation clearly increased the efficiency of nickel, arsenic and antimony removal to a beneficial level. The barium chloride modified blast-furnace-slag geopolymer was a very efficient sorbent material for sulphate removal and it could thus be a technically feasible sulphate sorbent for wastewater treatment (e.g. in the mining industry in applications in which very low sulphate levels are desired). Barium chloride modified acid washed analcime could also be a potential sorbent for sulphate removal.
Maker-centered learning : empowering young people to shape their worlds
Making it personal : individualising activation services in the EU
The role of social assistance as means of social inclusion and activation : a comparative study on minimum income in seven Europe[a]n countries. Report 4, Activation policies in the context of social assistance
Auditory short-term memory activation during score reading
Rethinking classroom participation : listening to silent voices
Creating a learner-centred primary classroom : learner-centred strategic teaching
Biophysical investigations of ribonucleotide reductase : activation and inhibition mechanisms
Mind hacks : tips & tools for using your brain
Evidence-based perspective on CP rehabilitation : reviews on physiotherapy, physiotherapy-related motor-based interventions and orthotic devices
A handbook of reflective and experiential learning : theory and practice
Speak, move, play and learn with children on the autism spectrum : activities to boost communication skills, sensory integration and coordination using simple ideas from speech and language pathology and occupational therapy
Library 2.0 : a guide to participatory library service
Modern day mobile phones aren`t anymore just for calling or for text messaging. Today they can be used e.g. for navigating, watching TV or surfing in the Internet. These kinds of services can give a competitive edge to a company and in this way enable it to differentiate from other competitors. At the moment most visible services for Nokia Oyj are music and games. Promotion for these services is usually done by adding different kind of printed materials, vouchers, into the mobile phone`s sales package. These vouchers promote the service, guide how to use it and enable customer to try the service for free. Customer can e.g. load some music from Internet or get a game to his/her phone. To be able to activate certain service customer needs to have an activation code and insert it to a right place. The activation code can be found from the printed voucher. The activation code is unique so every material has a different one and this code is added to the voucher material by an external supplier, the printing house. Materials that include unique activation code which needs to be printed separately are quite new for Nokia and for its external partners, the printing houses. Process how to handle these kinds of materials is also still quite unclear and has lots of open issues. Unexpected problems come up and different parties involved in this process lack general view for the whole process. The purpose for this thesis is to gather information from all the relevant parties involved to this process by doing interviews and questionnaires. With the gathered information the task was to create a clear understanding for the existing process and for problems we had at that time. The main aim was to try and solve prevailing issues with the help of all the people involved in this process. Other purpose was to get ideas and suggestions how to make the process clearer and more efficient in the future. Interviews were made with open questions to internal and external partners involved in this process. Interviews were made both face-to-face and via telephone. Questionnaires were done via e-mail.  Information from all the parties was feasible and it helped to create clear overview about the current situation and possible problems. Many vital suggestions and ideas were received and some have already been taken into use and also others are under investigation and creation. Process has become clearer and problems and issues have been decreased significantly already.
Mechanistic Studies on the Metal-Free Activation of Dihydrogen by Antiaromatic Pentarylboroles
Empowering your pupils through role-play : exploring emotions and building resilience
Ammonia Activation by a Nickel NCN-Pincer Complex featuring a Non-Innocent N-Heterocyclic Carbene: Ammine and Amido Complexes in Equilibrium
Games to play with your dog
Shaking up the brain : instructions and exercises for improved brain skills
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment : carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Language games and activities
Activities for older people : a practical workbook of art and craft projects
From the patient's point of view : an activity theory approach to occupational theory
Active learning techniques for librarians : practical examples
Inspiring active learning : a handbook for teachers
Train your brain : puzzle book : brain-scrambling challenges
Modification of native and waste starch by depolymerization and cationization:utilization of modified starch in binding of heavy metal ions from an aqueous solution
Helping children to improve their communication skills : therapeutic activities for teachers, parents and therapists
Active learning and student engagement : international perspectives and practices in geography in higher education
Utilisation of gasification carbon residues : activation, characterisation and use as an adsorbent
Maker–Centered Learning provides both a theoretical framework and practical resources for the educators, curriculum developers, librarians, administrators, and parents navigating this burgeoning field. Written by the expert team from the Agency by Design initiative at Harvard's Project Zero, this book -Identifies a set of educational practices and ideas that define maker–centered learning, and introduces the focal concepts of maker empowerment and sensitivity to design. -Shares cutting edge research that provides evidence of the benefits of maker–centered learning for students and education as a whole. -Presents a clear Project Zero–based framework for maker–centered teaching and learning -Includes valuable educator resources that can be applied in a variety of design and maker–centered learning environments -Describes unique thinking routines that foster the primary maker capacities of looking closely, exploring complexity, and finding opportunity. A surge of voices from government, industry, and education have argued that, in order to equip the next generation for life and work in the decades ahead, it is vital to support maker–centered learning in various educational environments. Maker–Centered Learning provides insight into what that means, and offers tools and knowledge that can be applied anywhere that learning takes place.
Enriching the brain : how to maximize every learner's potential
Co-branding as a tool for strategic brand activation : how to find the ideal partner - an explanatory case study in the fashion and design sector
Spark : the revolutionary new science of exercise and brain
Classroom strategies for interactive learning
The Voces 8 method
PPAR agonists in modulating the inflammatory properties of macrophages
Activation of inflammasome and protein secretion by endogenous danger and microbe-derived signals in human macrophages
Addition of Ethylene or Hydrogen to a Main-Group Metal Cluster under Mild Conditions
Activation of innate immune responses by non-pathogenic and pathogenic bacteria in human leukocytes
The threat effect of mandatory programme participation in Finland : a study of activation reform of the labour market support system
What future for social security? : debates and reforms in national and cross-national perspective
Process control of activated sludge plants by microscopic investigation
Dramatizing the content with curriculum-based readers theatre, grades 6-12
Tiedostamisaktiviteetin kehitys opetuksessa : Moskovassa 15.-17.11.1983 järjestetyn neuvostoliittolais-suomalaisen kasvatustieteellisen tutkimuksen yhteistyöseminaarin esitelmät = The development of cognitive activity in instruction : the papers presented during the Soviet-Finnish seminar on educational research in Moscow, November 15th-17th 1983
Motivate to communicate : 300 games and activities for you child with autism
New applications for immunoassay based protein microarrays
Upper extremity joint kinematics and muscle activities in wheelchair tennis strokes
Enabling occupation II : advancing an occupational therapy vision for health, well-being & justice through occupation
Early numeracy : mathematical activities for 3 to 5 year olds
CO2-balance in the athmosphere and CO2-utilisation:an engineering approach
Metabolic activation of pyrrolizidine alkaloids : formation and identification of new reactive metabolites
Passport to English. 1, [Hop on!]
365 brainpower tips
Art, games and sensors harnessed to enhance well-being
Teaching with classroom response systems : creating active learning environments
The teacher's toolkit. Volume 1, Promoting variety, engagement, and motivation in the classroom
Reliable clinical assessment of stroke patients' postural control and development of physiotherapy in stroke rehabilitation
Transforming thinking : philosophical inquiry in the primary and secondary classroom
Activation and behavior
Beyond resistance! : youth activism and community change : new democratic possibilities for practice and policy for America's youth
Hydrogen activation with perfluorinated organoboranes: 1,2,3- tris(pentafluorophenyl)-4,5,6,7-tetrafluoro-1-boraindene
Activate your English : Pre-intermediate Coursebook : A short course for adults
Benzo(a)pyrene activation and its measurement in mouse tissues
The little dog's activity book
Music for special kids : musical activities, songs, instruments and resources
The active classroom : practical strategies for involving students in the learning process
Progesterone target genes in breast cancer cells
Unemployed youth and social exclusion in Europe : learning for inclusion?
Serious fun : practical strategies to motivate and engage students
Developing voucher activation code process
Transforming teaching and learning with active and dramatic approaches : engaging students across the curriculum
Utilisation of industrial by-products in water treatment:carbon-and silicate-based materials as adsorbents for metals and sulphate removal
Abstract. - Abstract in Finnish. - Abstract in Swedish
The activation dilemma : reconciling the fairness and effectiveness of minimum income schemes in Europe
Behavioral activation : distinctive features
Group activities : fired up for performance
57 SF Activities for facilitators and consultants : putting solutions focus into action
LFA-1 integrin β[2] chain phosphorylation regulates protein interactions and mediates signals in T cells
Balancing social citizenship and new paternalism : Finnish activation policy and street-level practice in a comparative perspective
Imagine that .. : a handbook of creative learning activities for the classroom
Understanding and developing student engagement
Bringing the jobless into work? : Experiences with activation schemes in Europe and the Us
Citizens as partners : information, consultation and public participation in policy-making
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Smart moves : why learning is not all in your head
Complex space multipole expansion theory with application to scattering from dielectric bodies
Early sensory skills
A randomized controlled trial of combined manipulative therapy, stabilizing exercises, and specialist consultation compared to specialist consultation alone for chronic low back pain
Tales for trainers : using stories and metaphors to facilitate learning
The essential guide to classroom practice : 200+ strategies for outstanding teaching and learning
Dihydrogen Activation by Antiaromatic Pentaarylboroles
