http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1781 radiobiology
radiobiology radiation biology
Effect of environmental, developmental and genetic factors on flavonoid and carotenoid profile of Vaccinium berries
Defence mechanisms
Molecular biology methods in assessing radiation-induced hereditary risks in humans
Surface structure, wax and methanol-extractable compounds in Scots pine and Norway spruce needles under enhanced UV-B
Long-term effects of elevated ozone and UV-B radiation on vegetation and methane dynamics in Northern peatland ecosystems
Modern food microbiology
Ecology of zooplankton in subarctic ponds, with a focus on responses to ultraviolet radiation
Photomorphogenesis in plants and bacteria : function and signal transduction mechanisms
Tumor suppressor p53 and transcriptional changes in cellular stress responses to UV radiator
The essential physics of medical imaging
The physical and chemical basis of molecular biology
Brazilian Antarctic activities : plans [of] activities for 1997-1998 : Antarctic Treaty: information exchange under Article VII (5) = Atividades brasileiras na Antártica : plano de atividades para 1997-1998 : Tratado da Antártica: intercâmbio de informações preconizado no Artico VII (5)
The 1994 Arctic Ocean Section : the first major scientific crossing of the Arctic Ocean
Radiobiology for the radiologist
Effects of enhancing UV-B irradiance on the behaviour, survival and metabolism of coregonid larvae
Insights into cancer-related effects of electromagnetic fields
Effects of ultraviolet-B radiation (UV-B) on needle anatomy and glutathione status of field-grown pines
Effects of UVB-exposure, extracellular nucleotides and betaine on keratinocyte biology and hyaluronan metabolism
Biological effects of radiations
Fifth Finnish Conference of Environmental Sciences, Turku, May 18-19, 2001 : proceedings : the impacts of anthropogenic stress factors to the environment : the importance and role of humic substances in the environment : secondary plant metabolites : secondary or necessary?
UV effects in aquatic organisms and ecosystems
Carbon balance of world's forested ecosystems : towards a global assessment : proceedings of the IPCC AFOS workshop held in Joensuu, Finland 11-15 May 1992
UV response of mammalian p53 tumor suppressor gene
Responses of northern forest plants to atmospheric changes
Invisible worlds : exploring the unseen
Summary.
Inducible mutagenesis and biofilm formation in Streptococcus uberis
Evolution on planet earth : the impact of the physical environment
This book is a comprehensive source for technical information regarding ultraviolet germicidal irradiation (UVGI) and its application to air and surface disinfection for the control of pathogens and allergens. The primary focus is on airborne microbes and surface contamination applications for hospitals, commercial facilities, and residential homes. All aspects of UVGI systems, including design methods, sizing methods, modeling, safety, installation, testing, guidelines, and disinfection theory are addressed in detail. An extensive database of over six hundred UV rate constant studies is included as well as tabular performance data for UV lamps and products. Providing this information in one single source simplifies the design and installation of UVGI systems, helps guarantee effective performance of new systems, and facilitates their use on a wide scale for the purpose of improving human health. This book is organized to provide systematic coverage of all related issues and will serve equally well as both a textbook and a handbook for general reference.
Principles of environmental engineering and science
"The seventh edition is the most radical revision of this textbook to date and now includes color figures, a visual transformation over the sixth edition. However, we were careful to retain the same format as the sixth edition, which divided the book into two parts. Part I contains 17 chapters and represents both a general introduction to radiation biology and a complete self-contained course in the subject, suitable for residents in diagnostic radiology and nuclear medicine. It follows the format of the Syllabus in Radiation Biology prepared by the Radiological Society of North America (RSNA), and its content reflects the questions appearing in recent years in the written examination for diagnostic radiology residents given by the American Board of Radiology. Part II consists of 11 chapters of more in-depth material designed primarily for residents in radiation oncology. We live in an exciting time, but yet a dangerous time as well. The threat of nuclear terror rears its head way too often. If such an event occurs, those trained in the radiation sciences will be called on to manage exposed individuals. For this reason, we have included a new chapter on Radiologic Terrorism (Chapter 14). The translation of molecular imaging into the clinic is moving at a rapid pace. Therefore, we also included a chapter on fundamental concepts in molecular imaging that involves ionizing radiation such as CAT scans and PET imaging to reflect these new advances and describe the underlying biologic principles for each of these technologies (Chapter 15). The subject of retreatment with radiotherapy is not covered in most textbooks, and, because of this void, we have dedicated a new chapter to this subject (Chapter 24)"--Provided by publisher.
Ultraviolet radiation-induced oxidative stress in cultured human skin fibroblasts and antioxidant protection
Molecular responses of plants to solar UV-B and UV-A radiation
UV-B radiation and ozone depletion : effects on humans, animals, plants, microorganisms, and materials
Tumor suppressor p53 and transcriptional changes in cellular stress responses to UV radiation
Noroviruses on surfaces : detection, transfer and inactivation
Beyond the visible : a handbook of best practice in plant UV photobiology
Ultraviolet germicidal irradiation handbook : UVGI for air and surface disinfection
