http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17927 amulets
amulets
Charms, prayers, amulets : verbal magic and daily life in medieval and early modern Bulgaria
Emily and her friends think they'll find the help they need in Cielis, but something isn't right. Streets that were once busy are deserted, and the townspeople who are left live in crippling fear. Emily is escorted to the Academy where she's expected to compete for a spot on the Guardian Council, the most powerful Stonekeepers. But as the number of competitors gets smaller and smaller, a terrible secret is slowly uncovered--a secret that, if left buried, means certain destruction of everything Emily fights for / WorldCat.
Amulets and talismans : simple techniques for creating meaningful jewelry
Tibetan Tantric charms and amulets : 230 examples reproduced from original woodblocks
My lord eternity
The mirror of deception
Amulets of Ancient Egypt
Gifts of the Nile : ancient Egyptian faience
Enigmatic charms : medieval Arabic block printed amulets in American and European libraries and museums
Gold jewelry from Tibet and Nepal
Distinctive beads in ancient India
Amulet. Book three, The cloud searchers
The mani stones
Binding words : textual amulets in the Middle Ages
Studies in Aggadah and Jewish folklore
Zorgan and the Gorsemen
The dragon's revenge
The materiality of magic
Summaries: English summaries of the Hebrew section.
The demon king
Amulet. Book four, The last council
Magija amuletov = The magic of amulets : zbornik prispevkov
The crimson crown
The Buddhist saints of the forest and the cult of amulets : a study in charisma, hagiography, sectarianism, and millennial Buddhism
Emily, Trellis, and Vigo visit Algos Island, where they can access and enter lost memories. They're hoping to uncover the events of Trellis's mysterious childhood -- knowledge they can use against the Elf King. What they discover is a dark secret that changes everything. Meanwhile, the Voice of Emily's Amulet is getting stronger, and threatens to overtake her completely / Library of Congress.
The bathhouse at midnight : an historical survey of magic and divination in Russia
Moonlight and mermaids
Manual descriptive of a collection of talismans engraved on stones and metals of various countries and epochs, illustrative of what man has worn for his protection from accident and disease; also, ancient gems, Babylonian cylinders, Persian seals, etc. : being part of the important Glyptic Collection of Maxwell Sommerville
Zoran and the Gorsemen
Mediums, monks, and amulets : Thai popular Buddhism today
The gray wolf throne
Bones of the dragon
The silver donkey
Viking age amulets in Scandinavia and western Europe
Star island
The complete book of amulets & talismans
Amulet. Book one, The stonekeeper
The research object and the subjectivity of the researcher
In the last two decades we have had many books and proceedings of conferences on the history, formulas and incantations of magic in antiquity, both in East and West, but this is the first book of its kind that focuses on the material aspects of magic, such as gems, rings, drawings, grimoires, amulets and figurines. In recent years scholars have focused not only on the discourse and practices of magic in antiquity, but also on its practitioners, literary stereotypes and historical shifts. Much less attention, however, has been paid to the material that was used by the magicians for their curses and incantations. Yet there is no magic without materiality. The practice of magic required a specialist expertise that knew how to handle material such as lead, gold, stones, papyrus, figurines or voodoo dolls. That is why we present new insights on the materiality of magic by studying both the materials used for magic as well as the books in which the expertise was preserved.
Amulets as agents in the prevention of disease in Bengal
Amulet. Book two, The stonekeeper's curse
Amulets from the Islamic world
Theodosia and the serpents of chaos
Amulets : a world of secrets power, charms and magic
A tale of two sisters
Emily and her brother Navin head for Kanalis to find an antidote for the poison that is killing their mother.
Twelve-year-old Theo uses arcane knowledge and her own special talent when she encounters two secret societies, one sworn to protect the world from ancient Egyptian magic and one planning to harness it to bring chaos to the world, both of which want a valuable artifact stolen from the London museum for which her parents work / WorldCat.
Shamanism : selected writings of Vilmos Diószegi
Amulet. Book six, Escape from Lucien
Jewelry and personal adornment in India
The taming of a Scottish princess
Animals in folklore
With English and German summaries.
The bead as eye : symbolic meaning in ornament
Traditional Chinese toggles : counterweights and charms
Tavan takaa : kansatieteellisiä tutkimuksia tapojemme historiasta : ethnological studies of Finnish customs and beliefs = Behind the customs
The amulet of Samarkand
The salt road
Amulet. Book five, Prince of the elves
