http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17991 research projects
research projects
The road less travelled : sustainable development as the ultimate chance
The Balzan prizewinners' research projects : an overview 2014
Combatting deadly diseases : EU funded projects on poverty-related diseases HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria
Europe's cities : community measures in urban areas
Pre-Christian sources on Odin : the significance of text and iconographic evidence as well as archaeological finds (4th-11th centuries AD) (workind title)
Tundra Biome : Working meeting on analysis of ecosystems : Kevo, Finland, September 1970
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The role of commitment in software process improvement
Bioenergy : master plan for an energy technology research programme 1993-1998
Urban tourism in Istanbul : urban regeneration, mega-events and city marketing and branding
Summaries of the thesis research : the tenth annual seminar 29 September 2005, Suitia Research Farm, University of Helsinki
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 8, 2000
Frame it simple! : towards a theory of conceptual designing
Narrative transformations of heroic, autobiographical poetry in the medieval north
INNO-FOREST : integrating innovation and entrepreneurship research in higher forestry education
Planning agricultural research : a sourcebook
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 4, 1996
Evaluation report of Pharmaceutical Technology Programme
Programme of work for 1992 : 1992 and beyond: new opportunities for action to improve living and working conditions in Europe
Innovation in financial services : a dual ambiguity
Conference report : the Viking Age in Finland seminars : 28th-29th, April, 2011 and 11th-12th November, 2011, Helsinki, Finland
Oceanography
The usefulness of foresight data for future planning
International evaluation of forest genetics : report to The Swedish Council for Forestry and Agricultural Research and The Research Committee of the National Board of Forestry by an international group of experts with following members: prof J. Hamrick, prof H. Kriebel, prof B. Larsen, prof G. Namkoong, Dr H. Roulund
Foreword
Summaries of the thesis research : the eighth annual seminar June 11, 2003, Canthia, University of Kuopio
Insights from consolidation of R&D and teaching in ICT engineering education
Summary: Youth work and youth(work) research.
ICT for all : technology supporting an inclusive world
Pharmaceutical Technology Programme 1989-1994 : evaluation report
Smashing physics
Summaries of the thesis research : the fourth annual seminar : December 17, 1998, Folkhälsan, Helsinki
Managing a project : Scancomings Tourplan project
Research projects of STUK 2009-2011
Advances in consumer research
Evaluation of the Finnish microelectronics programme for 1987-1991
North Karelia project
Concept modeling in multidisciplinary research environment
CODE : technology programme for modelling of combustion processes   : technical review 1999-2002
Guide to information on EU research funding
Biodegradable Polymers Technology Programme 1992-1996 : evaluation report
The evaluation report of the administration of the materials research programme : a network perspective
Culture in sustainable development : an Italian strategy : [research and pilot projects on archaeology and antropology]
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 9, 2001
Towards semantic resource classification in organizational environment
Global change of planet earth : megascience
Tools and visions for inquiring design
Summaries of the thesis research : [15th annual seminar, 26 May 2010, Congress hall Aleksis, Hanasaari Cultural Centre, Hanasaarenranta 5, Espoo, Finland]
You and your action research project
Current research projects
An active attitude and the spirit of doing : hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
How to do your research project : a guide for students in education and applied social sciences
The many facets of an inter-organisational information system project as perceived by the actors
Summaries of the thesis research : the fifth annual seminar May 16, 2000, Viikki Infocentre, Helsinki
Summaries of the thesis research : 14th annual seminar, 8 May 2009, EE Building, Lecture Hall "Walter" (Viikki), University of Helsinki
Consortium agreements for research projects : multiparty agreements under Belgian contract law
Research and technological development in Europe : 36 examples of projects (II)
Summaries of the thesis research : 13th annual seminar, 26 August 2008, EE Building, Lecture Hall "Walter" (Viikki), University of Helsinki
Traumatized borders : reviving subversive narratives of b/order, and other : projektiesittely
Oulu UAS educates professionals for the needs of Northern Finland, whose competence corresponds to the needs and development of working life in the region. We react quickly to the changes occurring in working life and the requirements of new competence.    At the degree programme of Information Technology we aim to develop our teaching to include more real-life project work: our curricula include increasingly more company-related projects. This way we are able to provide our students with a more realistic view of the everyday work at companies, and also improve their employment opportunities.    The purpose of this publication is to spread the word about the projects and results achieved by the students and staff of the Information Technology department. In addition to student projects, our department is also involved in many domestic and international projects well worth mentioning. Yearly, our students complete hundreds of thesis and project work. This publication also presents good examples of our successful projects.
Smashing physics : inside the world's biggest experiment
Lattin examines the lives and times of four men--Timothy Leary, Richard Alpert (aka Ram Dass), Andrew Weil, and Huston Smith--whose paths crossed in the 1960s at Harvard, and who consequently launched the mind, body, spirit movement.
In-depth study : research capacity building in Bangladesh, Burkina Faso, Kenya, Tanzania
Telematics applications : fourth framework programme for research and technological development (1994-98)
The future of media in a networked world / : European Commission, Information Society and Media
Vaccines for humans : research funded by the European Union
Information management in ICT projects
Programme of Work for 1994
Current research 1992 : research projects in progress or completed at the Department of Business Administration, University of Stockholm : a presentation of staff, projects and publications, academic year 1991-92
Views of the Inuvialuit on sustainable development in the Mackenzie Gas Project in the Inuvialuit Settlement Region, Northwest Territories, Canada
Megascience : the OECD Forum. Connections among scientists, agencies and governments in decision making for regional and/or global megaprojects
Synthesis Technology Programme 1992-1997 : final report
Advances in consumer research. Vol. 21
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 7, 1999
BRITE/EURAM Programme : synopses of current projects 1990-1991 : including those running under Brite and Euram
Mechatronics
National programme on electronic materials and microsystems : research reports
Communication in high technology product development projects : project personnel’s viewpoint for improvement
The Balzan prizewinners' research projects : an overview 2012
Knowledge and policy
COST : collected agreements concluded within the framework of European cooperation in the field of scientific and technical research
Biomedical and health research programme 1994-98 : summaries of research projects supported under Biomed 2
Multiple criteria decision support : theory, applications and computer implementations : annual report 1992
Advances in consumer research. Vol. 22
Programme of work for 1993 : annex : additional programme on health and safety at work
Doing your research project : a guide for first-time researchers
Research projects 1995 : Finnish Institute of Marine Research annual report
Forestry experts involved in a research project : towards shared learning and better quality at work
The final report of the Committee for Evaluation of Research in Biotechnology funded by the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry during 1988-1991
A guide to research for podiatrics
Nanotechnology research programme 1997-1999 : final report
Summaries of the thesis research : the sixth annual seminar May 22, 2001, Department of Biochemistry and Food Chemistry, University of Turku, Arcanum, Vatselankatu 2, Turku
Farmers organizing farmers : a methodological study of farmer irrigators' organization program in the Philippines
Advanced energy systems and technologies national R&D programme : annual report 1992
Forest Research Capacity Strengthening in Mozambique 2012-2015 (FORECAS) : report of an Institutional Cooperation Instrument (ICI) project
Prototyping tangible gribs for web contents : field study challenges in domestic context
Finland Antarctic Research Programm (FINNARP) report to SCAR : 1 : April 1 1988 - March 31 1990, record of activities. 2 : April 1 1989 - March 31 1991, planned activities
Politics and spatial partitions : comparative expeditions to an interface : a project plan
COST : European co-operation in the field of scientific and technical research
Guide to information on European Union research funding
Towards a successful environmental policy in the municipalities and regions : indicator and indexes as an assessment tool
LIKES - Research Center for Physical Culture and Health : Year book 1992-1995
An active attitude and the spirit of doing. Hands-on work and results at the Information Technology department of Oulu UAS
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 6, 1998
Agroforestry in Asia and the Pacific
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Finland Antarctic research : report to SCAR, August, 1994.
Better health via research
Safety-technical characteristics of biomasses : final report
Nanotechnology research programme 1997-1999 : evaluation report
Current research 1997
Advances in consumer research. Vol. 8, proceedings of the Association for Consumer Research Eleventh Annual Conference, Arlington, Virginia, October 1980
Summaries of the thesis research : the third annual seminar, December 9, 1997, The Finnish Science Center Heureka, Lecture Hall "Virtanen", Tikkurila, Vantaa
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 1, General presentation of the project and its original subjects
Keys to the future : environmental expertise at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Training and mobility of researchers 1994-1998 : information package. Research networks
Finnish advanced energy systems r&d : programme review 1990
Development research and development of research capacity : an analysis of the effects and impacts of research funded through the Finnish development cooperation budget
Summaries of the thesis research : 11th annual seminar, 23 May 2006, EE building, lecture hall "Walter" (Viikki), University of Helsinki
EC Research Funding : a guide for applicants
Research methods : the basics
Impact of foreign assistance in institutional development of national agricultural research systems in sub-Saharan Africa
Information society technologies for transport and mobility : achievements and ongoing projects from the fifth framework programme
Contemporary capacity-building in educational contexts
Multinational coordinated Arabidopsis Thaliana Genome research project : progress report: year four
Integrated management of European wetlands : final report : July 2004.
Neutron beams and synchrotron radiation sources
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : ELO - E-Business Logistics Technology Programme 2002-2005
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 3, 1995
Megascience policy issues
Adaptive and intelligent systems applications 1994-1999 : final report
Designing and managing a research project : a business student's guide
Advances in consumer research. Vol. 23, Research frame synergies
Joint BRIDGE and BIOTECH : Arabidopsis meeting
Summaries of the thesis research : the seventh annual seminar May 13, 2002, Agricultural Research Centre of Finland (MTT) building M lecture hall, Jokioinen
Setting up a research project on Tanzanian mushrooms and their uses
The global human genome programme
Business value creation and stakeholder expectation management as tools for better business relationships : Case Study: TeliaSonera AB, Enterprise Systems
A review of the stage reached in the Kevo IBP in 1970
Development of biopharmaceutical know-how
Research activities of STUK 2005-2010
In Designs, Methods and Practices for Research of Project Management, Beverly Pasian has brought together original chapters from a veritable who's who of project management research including authors such as Harvey Maylor, Christophe Bredillet, Derek Walker, Miles Shepherd, Janice Thomas, Naomi Brookes and Darren Dalcher
A researcher's companion : postgraduate study in the biological sciences
1990s economic crisis : the research programme of the Academy of Finland: conference 1999
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 10, 2002
Multiple criteria decision support : theory applications and computer implementations : annual project report 1991
Project Metropolitan : a description of its data archive, as of March, 1975.
Abstracts of research projects completed in 1994 and sponsored by the Scientific Committee of National Defence (Matine)
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 2, 1994
Project Metropolitan : a presentation and progress report
Improvement of indirect materials' purchasing centralization within business process service engagement : case: Company X
Competitive continuous casting 2000 : final report of the research programme in 1993-1996
Astronomy
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 5, 1997
Evaluation report : technology programme "Industrial building technology"
FINNUS : the Finnish research programme on nuclear power plant safety 1999 - 2002 : executive summary
Advances in consumer research. Vol. 19, Diversity in consumer behavior
Current Swedish archaeology. Vol. 1, 1993
Research project success : the essential guide for science and engineering students
Hyvinvointia kaikille : hyvinvointiosaaminen Turun ammattikorkeakoulussa = Wellbeing know-how at Turku University of Applied Sciences
Doing real world research in sports studies
Health services research in Denmark 1989-1991 : a catalogue of 391 projects and a statistical analysis of health services research in Denmark
Programme of work for 1993
Project Metropolitan : a presentation
Designs, methods and practices for research of project management
Biocentre Viikki : research projects 1996
E-business logistics, visions, innovations and research : Elo - E-Business Logistics technology programme 2002-2005
Finding a right way to communicate : evaluation of communication practices in a multicultural project
Nordic Environmental Research Programme 1993-1997. 1993 , Annual report
The Harvard psychedelic club : how Timothy Leary, Ram Dass, Huston Smith, and Andrew Weil killed the fifties and ushered in a new age for America
Three Years of Networking: a Personal History of NIEPS
Indigenous peoples as international political actors : presenting the INDIPO project
The Commission's proposal for the 5th Framework Programme (1998-2002)
Tourism and regional modernization in Namibia
Myth in translation : the ludic imagination in contemporary video games (working title)
Final report industrial chemistry programme 1987-1992 : national technology programme
Summaries of the thesis research : the seventh annual seminar May 13, 2002, Agricultural Research Centre of Finland (MTT) building M, lecture hall, Jokioinen
Managerial and organizational aspects of Finnish EUREKA projects
District heating research in Finland : report on the research programme 1988-1993
INSROP programme report 1993-1998 : summary and statistics of all INSROP products and activities
The Finnish senior secondary research project. 2, Departure from junior secondary and transfer to senior secondary
Educating Europe : exploiting the benefits of ICT
The curious researcher : a guide to writing research papers
