http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17934 samples
samples
Preliminary Analysis on the Finnish market– Case Study 7-Eleven
Smart Shoppers in Finland: New shopping attitude and response of retailers
Spices and condiments : sampling
Microbiological characterisation of soils : evaluation of some critical steps in data collection and experimental design
The number of accessions amounted to 895 vertebrates, 49,855 insects, and 9,714 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported. Bembidion obtusum Serv. and Polydrusus formosus (Mayer) (Insecta: Coleoptera), Culicoides dewulfi (Goetgh.) (Insecta: Diptera), and Thanatus arcticus Thorell and Palliduphantes insignis (O. P.-Cambr.) (Araneida) are reported as new to Finland..
DT Exhibition -organiser's guide
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2000.
THE ADOPTION OF INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES- The Case of Ghana
The Dartnell Sales Promotion Handbook
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,308 specimens, including 6,599 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 1,708 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,000 specimens of fungi (including lichens), and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The chronology of the stone - iron ages of the Karelian Republic
The boys of Icehearts and the 'Hood : a perspective on the everyday realities of growing up in a disadvantaged neighbourhood in Finland
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2003.
Significance of Financial Reporting to Stakeholders in Nigeria-Investor's Perspective
Applicability of comprehensive two-dimensional gas chromatography : time-of-flight mass spectrometry to environmental non-target screening : special emphasis on wastewater
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2000.
True to the letter : 800 years of remarkable correspondence, documents and autographs
Uncertainty of quantitative determinations derived by cultivation of microorganisms
Laboratory medicine is under constant pressure from changes in the operating environment. Organisational changes and tendering processes have led to a trend towards shorter turn-around times and more cost-effective choices. Analysis tools that were previously only available at research laboratories, such as the mass spectrometer and polymerace chain reaction (PCR), have now made their way to university hospital laboratories and even mid-sized laboratories. Organisational changes have increased the need to monitor the pre-analytical steps. The specimen can be drawn from the patient in a satellite laboratory, which may be located several hours from the central laboratory. The increased transportation times may change the analytical properties of the specimens, which is why the stability of different analytes should be investigated thoroughly in different temperatures. It should be born in mind that doctors are treating the patients based on the results they receive from the laboratory. To avoid possible malpractice, the analytical properties should remain reliable. Traditionally, some analyses have been carried out manually, which is known to be time-consuming and carries the possibility of wide intra-observatory mistakes. For that reason, it would be reasonable to perform some manual analyses, such as body fluid analysis, in an automated manner. Automating the manual steps taken in the laboratory would release labour for other tasks and may increase the cost-effectiveness of the work. Organisational changes have redirected the needs of a clinical laboratory towards automated options instead of manual ones and finding more economically-based alternatives to replace or complement traditional methods.
Sample-based fishery surveys : a technical handbook
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
The role of problem analysis and risk management in a succesful project : guidelines for preparing for risks
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2002.
Practical manual of algae
Tourism Criminality, Case: Thailand
Customer Satisfaction Research: Euro-Lingua Language School
Encountering differences : study and learning environment culture-shock in Finland : (the case of Asian first year international students)
MARKET/INVESTMENT CASE: POTENTIAL OF BIO ENERGY/MASS IN NIGERIA: (SOUTH EAST)
The instruments of the orchestra
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2016! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2016!
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2009.
The plant disease clinic and field diagnosis of abiotic diseases
Elderly people's quality of life in the rural communities of Swaziland
Biological contamination of barley and carrots by pathogens in soil fertilised with  anthropogenic nutrients
Concentrations of 137Cs, 210Po and 239,240Pu in tissues of lapps
Blosari : top quality wind music from Finland
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,853 specimens, including 4,751 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,559 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 5,000 specimens of fungi, 7,542 specimens of lichens, and 1 specimen of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
My first ballet collection
Evaluation of the quality of groundwater sampling: Experience derived from radioactive waste disposal programmes in Sweden and Finland during 1980-1992
How to market service packages to European customers. Case study: Evason Ana Mandara & Six Senses Spa-Nhatrang Resort
PROMOTIONS IN MUSIC MARKETING : A RESEARCH ON AMERICAN POPULAR MUSIC FOR THE CHINESE MARKET
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2014.
Environmental Management in Finnish tourism companies
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1842 vertebrate specimens, 27,9827 insects and 4,889 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below..
Experiences of foreign entrepreneurs in Vaasa region
Global Exploration of Cooperative Owner Model in Wind Energy Production
The work on the thesis was conducted primarily during October–December 2012 as a final research part of a project launched in 2009 by the University Centre in Svalbard for collecting ice core from Lomonosovfonna and analyzing it for various persistent compounds. The research was focused on historic deposition of PCB compounds. Background information on PCBs (also in relation to the Arctic) as well as literature sources that are most relevant to the topic were included to this thesis. Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) were produced for industrial purposes between 1929 and 1993. The production declined in 1970s when their persistence and potential for bioaccumulation in the food chain had been recognized. PCBs are found all over the world, including Arctic areas, in water, soil, sediment, air, biota, and even in food products. By 2013, most countries in the world signed to eliminate PCBs from production, use and develop efficient remediation methods for PCB-rich waste and contaminated sites. The purpose of this thesis was to measure PCB contamination in snow and ice at high elevated glacier on Svalbard, Norway and analyse the historic atmospheric input of the contaminant to the Arctic. For that, a 37-meter deep ice core representing 1957–2009 and a snow sample of 2009–2010 were collected at the Lomonosovfonna glacier (78°49' 24.4" N; 17°25' 59.2"E) and analysed for all 209 PCB congeners. Ice core was divided into 6 – 12 years samples resulting in total 6 ice and 1 snow sample. The analysis for all PCB congeners revealed the dominance of tetra- and pentachlorobiphenyls. The flux of total PCBs varied over the ice core. Maximum of about 18 pg cm-2 yr-1 was observed during years 1957–1966, 1974–1983, 1998–2009, and 2009–2010 which was lower when compared to samples from Canadian Arctic. The minimum flux was 5.75 pg cm-2 yr-1 in 1989–1998 period that happened after a 15 year decline since 1983. Besides, PCB-11 (3,3'-dichlorobiphenyl) was found in all the samples in the amounts of  0.9–4.5% of total PCBs. This congener was not present in the majority of commercial PCB products, and its source has not yet been well described.
A Study on Event Management : Case: Tomatkarnevalen
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1999.
Choice of a sales channel when launching a new skin care product line to the Finnish market
Instruments of the orchestra : a complete introduction to the sounds and music of the symphony orchestra
A Waiter's Work Manual at Restaurang Käringsund
Complaint Management and Cross Cultural Differences
Developing a product directory to sell program services. Case: Hiekkasärkkien ohjelmapalvelut Oy
A Pre-Marketing Plan for UpGroup
The Effect of Culture on the Sales Process Within a Global Company. Case Company ABB Oy Distribution Automation Sales Unit.
Business Plan for Establishing a Café in Alajärvi
Source testing for air pollution control
Sample pretreatment and separation
Explorers' botanical notebook : in the footsteps of Theophrastus, Marco Polo, Linnaeus, Flinders, Darwin, Speke and Hooker
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2007.
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2008.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1996.
Sampling and analysis of airborne pollutants
Travel Behaviour of Different Ages
How the Hospitality Management Degree in Vaasa University of Applied Sciences Corresponds to Working Life
Is neural and behavioral sound processing affected by practice strategies in musicians?
Social Impacts of Tourism Development on Hainan Island
Health science students' conceptions of group supervision
Detection of Botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT) type B in water sample
Process management in internal marketing. Case: ABB Oy Motors
Microplastic Pollutants introduces the reader to the growing problem of microplastic pollution in the aquatic environment and is the first ever book dedicated exclusively to the subject of microplastics. Importantly, this timely full-colour illustrated multidisciplinary book highlights the very recent realization that microplastics may transport toxic chemicals into food chains around the world. Microplastic pollutants is currently an important topic in both industry and academia, as well as among legislative bodies, and research in this area is gaining considerable attention from both the worldwide media and scientific community on a rapidly increasing scale. Ultimately, this book provides an excellent source of reference and information on microplastics for scientists, engineers, students, industry, policy makers and citizens alike.
Types of drama : plays and essays
Customer perception of service, store image and product assortment : from an interior store perspective
The number of accessions in 2012 amounted to 960 vertebrate specimens, 13,272 insects, and 3,105 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and noteworthy faunistic records are reported..
Biodiversity of fungi : inventory and monitoring methods
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2013.
Medical microbiology illustrated
Employer image among summer trainees 2010: Case Wärtsilä Finland Oy
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 2001.
Analysis Of Biomass Waste Potentials For Electrical Energy Generation In Ghana
Models of filtration curve as a part of pulp drainage analyzers
Visualizing the Tourism Experience : Case: The Effect of Photographic Images in the View of Spanish Eyes
Chapter & verse : 1000 years of English literature
Belles lettres : manuscripts by the masters of French literature
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Measurement, statistics and computation
The number of accessions in 2013 amounted to 1,577 vertebrate specimens, 23,820 insects, and 2,931 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below.
Business Communication Study : Case Study: Product Company Wärtsilä Finland & Wärtsilä Network Companies Located in Middle East & South Asia
Design research (applied action research) as thesis research : a practical guide for thesis research
THE RETAILER’S PERSPECTIVE OF A SHOE AGENCY’S SALES AND SERVICES, CASE: BRANDED SHOES LTD.
The detection and prevalence of Clostridium botulinum in pig intestinal samples
A new flash method for measuring the toxicity of solid and colored samples
Cytology of the liver in ileus : a study based on liver biopsies
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki in 2008.
The Potential of a Japanese Restaurant in Vaasa
"This book follows the journey of over 80 pioneering botanists and the important findings and collections they have made. It includes each journey and routes taken with the help of maps and personal notes. Each story explains the complications and difficulties that each botanist had to overcome but the many discoveries made along the way."--
Customer Satisfaction Survey on Ryanair Webpages
NIR-Vis up-conversion luminescence in the Yb3+, Er3+ doped Y2O2S, ZrO2, and NaYF4 nanomaterials
Vendor Managed Inventory : Case Wärtsilä Industrial Operations
55Fe and stable iron in some environmental samples in Finland
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Values in Schwartz Value Theory : Case: Botnia Events
The paleorecord of geochemistry and hydrology in northern peatlands and its relation to global change
Evaluation of Credit Risk Management Policies and Practices in a Vietnamese Joint-Stock Commercial Bank's Transaction Office
Haematology : picture tests
Harmonization of sampling and analysis of mould spores
Plutonium in tissues of reindeer during 1963-1977 : The gastrointestinal absorption from food
Plutonium in liver and lung of reindeer and elk during 1963-1975
Fossil plants and spores : modern techniques
E-Marketing in the Tourism Industry : Case TravelApp
On-line coupling of pressurised hot water extraction and microporous membrane liquid-liquid extraction with chromatography in analysis of environmental samples
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,878 specimens, including 5,510 specimens of vascular plants, 2,767 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 11,566 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 35 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
The Dilemma of Real Estate Market in Mainland China
Cross-Cultural Human Resource Management
HOW TO MARKET FINNISH HOLIDAY RESORTS TO TOURISTS FROM AUSTRALASIA
Distribution of bacteria and seasonal and regional effects in a new database for mastitis pathogens in Finland
Web communication of the Mission of Finland to NATO
Summary
The perception of the Finnish integration policy by different actors in Vantaa : case of Qutomo project
Foreign Students' Integration into the Finnish Society and Labour Market
Kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : laboratorionäytteen esikäsittelymenetelmät = methods for laboratory sample preparation
On-line coupled supercritical fluid extraction : liquid chromatography : gas chromatography in the analysis of atmospheric aerosols
Mercury species in environmental samples studied by spectroscopic methods
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
Kiinteät kierrätyspolttoaineet = Solid recovered fuels : näytteenottomenetelmät = methods for sampling
Renewable Energy as a Solution to Nigerian   Energy Crisis
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2012.
The 20 best novels of Thailand : a Thai Modern Classics anthology
Determination of 241Pu in environmental samples by liquid scintillation counting
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2010.
Environmental analysis : techniques, applications and quality assurance
Cesium-137 in the foodchain lichen-reindeer-man during 1976-1978
Establishing pollen collection for TAMK
Evaluation of new laboratory methods for routine use
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,139 specimens, including 5,238 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,598 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,303 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Barriers to internet and e-commerce use by wood products export firms in Ghana
The herbarium accessions amount to 17,972 specimens, including 6,193 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,118 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 9,605 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens), and 56 specimens of zoocecidia. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Advanced analytical methods for platinum group elements : applications in the research of catalyst materials, recycling and environmental issues
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2009.
Spaces of wellbeing : what is so special about special needs art studios?
Modern pollen reference material and its potential applications
Clinical diagnostic technology : the total testing process : volume 1: the preanalytical phase
Optimization of chemical water treatment process for Kämmenniemi, Polso and Kauppi water treatment plants
Memory management in EPOC
Atlas of liver biopsies
Old Finnish insect specimens from the Paanajärvi National Park
Microwave assisted vapor-phase digestion of organic samples
The Bulgarian Roma in Helsinki : the diverse sub-groups amongst Bulgarian Roma and their reasons for being in Helsinki : a documentary film
General principles of good sampling practice
Atomic absorption spectrometry
The Marketing Strategy of Watsons Your Personal Store Chain in China
Locating tissue collections in tissue economics : deriving value from biomedical research
Finnish Family Celebrations- and Festival Venues in Vaasa
Swatch reference guide for fashion fabrics
Risk Analysis at Shared Service Centres – A Case Study
Visual merchandising : window and in-store displays for retail
This guide offers all of the pertinent information needed for fabric identification. Through the text and swatches, users will learn the inherent performance properties and construction of fibers and yarns. Includes one bag of fibers and two yarn samples; 206 swatches in four bundles; pre-printed swatch boards with detailed information about each fabric; extra blank swatch board for users to find and mount their own fabric samples; end of each chapter activities helping users organize and classify information; pick glass that help users examine and magnify fabrics; and quick reference guide tables.
The decrease rate of 55Fe in the food chain lichen-reindeer-man in Finnish Lapland
Principles and practice of clinical bacteriology
Increment core sampling techniques for high quality cores
Mast cells in atopic dermatitis : the role of chymase, tryptase, interleukin-6 and OX40/OX40L
Differentiated thyroid cancer : diagnostics, prognostic factors and long-term outcome
Widening perspectives of teacher education : studies on theory-practice relationship, reflection, research and professional development
Determination of chlorophenols from water by solid phase microextraction : ion mobility spectrometry (SPME-IMS)
The herbarium accessions amount to 21,068 specimens, including 3,993 specimens of phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,558 of bryophytes, 42 of algae, and 14,475 of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
Optimization of sample preparation for next-generation sequencing with Illumina Genome Analyzer II
The number of accessions amounted to 633 vertebrates, 108,716 insects and 11,241 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed, and some noteworthy finds are recorded. Scophthalmus rhombus (L.) (Pisces) and Elachista deriventa Kaila & Mukkala (Insecta, Lepidoptera) are reported as new to Finland..
The number of accessions in 2010 amounted to 652 vertebrate specimens, some 36,600 insects, and 11,231 samples of other invertebrates. The systematic groups represented are listed below and some noteworthy records for Finland are reported..
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
IMPORTATION OF ORIENTAL FOOD TO FINLAND : Cases: Swan Import and Tigris oriental Market
Turun piirustuskoulu NYT 2015! = the Turku School of Fine Arts, NOW 2015!
Atlas of non-gynecologic cytology
Determining stem distribution by relascope and fixed sample plots in diverse stands
A Study on Swedish Charter Tourists Behaviour and Acting : Case: Gran Canaria, Spain
Behaviors in Markets Conditions Before Stock Market Crash
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/ Helsingfors in 1993.
Summary.
Index xyloriorum : institutional wood collections of the world
Salivary antibodies to capsular polysaccharides induced by polysaccharide-protein conjugate vaccines in infants
Radionuclides in plants (1975) and reindeer muscle (1976) from Finnish Lapland
Failures of Independent Power Producers in Nigeria: The Inimical Challenges
Two interlaboratory comparisons of analysis of chlorophenols in soil samples
The herbarium accessions amount to 19,919 specimens, including 6,570 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,103 specimens of bryophytes and algae, and 11,246 specimens of fungi (incl. lichens). Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here..
New ecological energy solutions and its business opportunities for the Finnish boat industry
Sample preparation method and synchronized thermography to characterize uniformity of conductive thin films
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1997.
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1995.
The herbarium accessions amount to 16,777 specimens, including 5,605 phanerogams and pteridophytes, 2,573 specimens of bryophytes and algae, 3,448 specimens of fungi and 5,151 specimens of lichens. Some details of noteworthy accessions are given here.
First dice your dill (Anethum graveolens L.) : new methods and techniques in sample handling
Accessions to the Zoological Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki/Helsingfors in 1998.
Visibility from Tourism Marketing : Case: Keskipiste Travel Association R.A.
Planning Marketing and Marketing Material for Levi Ice Hotel Luvattumaa
Collection and handling of laboratory specimens : a practical guide
Blood collection : a short course
Evaluation of RDT EBV IgM and IgG assays in detecting EBV specific antibodies in human serum
A guide to wood microtomy : making quality microslides of wood sections
Social contact and attitude change : a case of homeless men living in a dormitory
Visitor Sign - Comparison of Visitor Signs in Helsinki and Kyoto -
Accessions to the Botanical Museum of the Finnish Museum of Natural History, University of Helsinki, in 2006.
NIR-Vis up-conversion luminescence in the Yb3+, Er3+ doped Y2O2S, ZrO2, and NaYF4 nanomaterials / : Laura Pihlgren
Counterfeit Products in International Business
Repsentativity of gas samples taken with the pressurized water sampling system (PAVE) 1995-2004
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
Histopathology specimens : clinical, pathological and laboratory aspects
Polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) contamination history in the high Arctic glacier on Svalbard
Fabric for fashion : the swatch book
Liquid chromatography and atmospheric pressure ionisation mass spectrometry in the analyses of drug seizures
Material on Shor folklore
Developing the Rainforest Tourism Products in Hainan Island  : Case: Hainan Yanoda Rainforest Culture Tourism Zone
