http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17967 diary fiction
diary fiction
The Princess diaries. [8], After eight
Sweet sixteen princess : a princess diaries book
The Princess diaries
"Stop in the Name of Pants!"
Back to life : the Rachel Riley diaries
The princess diaries : to the nines
Journey to islam : diary of a German diplomat (1951-2000)
The shade of the moon
Character and narrator unreliability in diary-writing : a case study of Jeff Noon's Falling out of cars
On life-writing
Princess on the brink
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The long haul
Diary of a wimpy kid : the third wheel
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang
Diary of a wimpy kid. 6, Cabin fever
Diary of a wimpy kid. 3, The last straw
Knocked out by my nunga-nungas
The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13  3/4
My totally secret diary : reality TV nightmare
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
Diary of a wimpy kid. [5], the ugly truth
My Secret Diary
Princess in pink
Absolutely normal chaos
The diary novel
The carbon diaries 2017
Princess Mia
Party princess
The lost diaries of Adrian Mole, 1999-2001
The princess diaries. [5], Give me five
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Cabin fever
Royal wedding : the Princess diaries
Diary of a wimpy kid. [7], the third wheel
Diary of a wimpy kid. 7, The third wheel
Diary of a wimpy kid. 2, Rodrick rules
The original vampire diaries
My name is Mina : David Almond
Back to life
Diary of a wimpy kid. 4, Dog days
Diary of a wimpy kid : cabin fever
Princess in training
Shadow life : a portrait of Anne Frank and her family
Diary of Dorkius Maximus in Pompeii
Diary of a wimpy kid: Greg Heffley's journal
Are these my basoomas I see before me?. book 10.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The ugly truth
Diary of a wimpy kid. 9, The Long haul
Diary of a wimpy kid : Greg Heffley's journal
My name is Mina
The ugly truth
My scorching summer diary : by Kelly Ann
All involved : a novel
The secret diary of Adrian Mole aged 13 3/4
Fact and fiction : genres and registers in a diary novel
Greg Heffley tells about his summer vacation and his attempts to steer clear of trouble when he returns to middle school and tries to keep his older brother Rodrick from telling everyone about Greg's most humiliating experience of the summer.
The Prague cemetery / Umberto Eco translated from the italian by Richard Dixon
Notebooks of a middle-school princess
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Greg records his sixth grade experiences in a middle school where he and his best friend, Rowley, undersized weaklings amid boys who need to shave twice daily, hope just to survive, but when Rowley grows more popular, Greg must take drastic measures to save their friendship.
Bridget Jones's baby : the diaries
Diary : a novel
The Rachel Riley diaries : the life of Riley
The princess diaries. [7], Seventh heaven
My so-called life : the tragically normal diary of Rachel Riley
In an alternate New England of 1900, where the Brotherhood dominates and controls society, sixteen-year-old Cate Cahill has struggled since her mother's death to keep secret that she and her younger sisters are witches, but when a governess arrives from the Sisterhood, everything changes.
Adrian Mole : the wilderness years = Maailma murjoo, Hadrianus
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. Hard luck
The dark angel or Johannes Angelos
Go ask Alice
Diary of a wimpy kid : Rodrick rules
Princess in waiting
Any human heart
Forever princess
Single girl's diary
Dark matter : a ghost story
Ready or not
I don't know how she does it : a comedy about failure, a tragedy about success
Diary of a Wimpy Kid. The third wheel
Diary of a wimpy kid. 8, Hard luck
Adrian Mole and weapons of mass destruction
Bridget Jones finds herself unexpectedly pregnant at the eleventh hour. However, her joyful pregnancy is dominated by one crucial but awkward question --who is the father? Could it be honorable, decent, notable human rights lawyer, Mark Darcy? Or, is it charming, witty, and totally despicable, Daniel Cleaver?
Born wicked
Dancing in my nuddy-pants
Artichoke hearts
The princess diaries
Diary of a wimpy kid. [4], dog days
The pricess diaries. [9], To the nines
Bridget Jones : mad about the boy
The golden notebook
The princess diaries. [4], Mia goes fourth
Diary of a wimpy kid. 1
The princess diaries. [5] : Give me five
Diary of Dorkius Maximus in Egypt
Angus, thongs and full-frontal snogging. book 1
The Princess diaries. 2 : take two
Princess in love
Princess in the spotlight
Day job : a workplace reader for the restless age
Diary of a wimpy kid. 5, The ugly truth
All American girl : ready or not
