http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17953 cargo ships
cargo ships
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to study the investment and operating expenses of bearing pads on different sized container vessels. The results are intended for Cargotec's in-house purposes. Some of the graphical charts may be used for sales aid in customer meetings. The attempt was to prove the assumptions made about the investment and operating expenses. By verifying one of the pad types to be more profitable than the others, the information could be used for sales aid purposes. The results would support choosing a bearing pad type for a certain sized vessel. The second part of this thesis was to produce a calculation tool to be able to explore the effect of changing specific variables. This calculation tool is intended to be used as a help for sales representatives when preparing their sales material before customer meetings. It is intended to be used quickly and easily. As a result, the expenses for four different sized container vessels were specified. The ideal bearing pad arrangement was found for each vessel size and the results were as expected. Creating and using the calculation tool was successful and is working as expected.
Feeder series boosts NYK services
Ocean ships
ESL orders ice-class bulker at Shanghai Edward
Abc of coastal cargo ships
Fully geared for any type of bulk handling
Small pads play big part in structural performance
Short career under Finnish flag : "Bore X"
Implications of maritime labour convention 2006 on cargo ship accommodation spaces
British tramps, coasters and colliers
Juliana sisters fleet
Gas carrier safety handbook
The Finnhansa class : Finnish foreign trade's reliable carrier
The Diana adventure
Beware the dangers of 'liquefaction' in dry bulk cargoes
RoRo77, London Hilton - Park Lane, 21 - 22 june 1977 : [conference papers]
Modernisation makes the most of proven technology
Happy quartet highlights heavy lift capability
Suomalaiset rahtilaivat 1970-80 = Finnish cargo ships 1970-80. Osa = Vol. 1, A-K
The Finn became a Dutchman : Prisenborg
Specialist bulk carriers use K-type cranes
British ocean freighters
Flower series freshens DFDS Tor Line's North Sea route
Spliethoff's new multipurpose series flows into service
Large cargo vessels in Danish waters 1000-1250 : archaeological evidence for professional merchant seafaring before the Hanseatic period : [Summary]
ABC of ocean freighters
On August 20, 2012 the Philippines became the 30th country to ratify Maritime Labour Convention 2006 published by the International Labour Organization. The International Labour Organization known as ILO is a sub-organization of the United Nations. The ILO is also the only tripartite U.N. agency with governments employers and worker representatives. Maritime Labour Convention 2006 shortened as "MLC" is a document which sets new standards for living and working on ships. The MLC includes 5 titles and the most relevant to this thesis is the 3rd, which contains rules and regulations for accommodation spaces and recreational facilities of a ship. Deltamarin Company wanted to report on the influence of the MLC 2006 on ship design in one document. One part of the work was to collect necessary data into one check list, which project engineers could use when verifying their designs. This check list should be helpful assistance when the design constantly changes. Another task was to verify that the latest bulk carrier design of the company is consistent with these rules and regulations. Some deflections were found but these modifications were requested by the owner, who had decided that the design must not fully meet the MLC in every area. The third part of the work was to create a completely new cargo ship deckhouse design and use the check list to verify that the design meets the MLC.
Bulk carrier operations : problems and prospects
Merchant ships : British built 1952
Multipurpose ships are a hit in the cargo business
Spliethoff's 10-ship series strengthens multipurpose message
The "Hog Islanders" : the story of 122 American ships
M/S Finntrader'in sisustus : Inredningen av M/S Finntrader : Furnishing of M/S Finntrader
New concept revives the combination carrier
Godby shipping vessels 1973-2006
Foreign coastal and short sea freighters
Showcase SWS yard to compete in all key sectors
Update of the Hyundai-six
Innocent passage : the wreck of the tanker Braer
The rise and decline of Ostrobothnian seafaring in the 18th and 19th centuries : [Summary]
A shorter and broader route
The purpose of this Bachelor's thesis was to explore the possibilities to standardise the lashing eye plate arrangement locations on lashing bridges. The standard for lashing eye plate arrangements is intended for MacGREGOR's in-house standard on lashing bridge design. An attempt was also made to find a unified lashing bar length. By finding the unified lashing length for a bar, it could then be used in all lashing fittings on a bridge. A unified lashing bar would essentially decrease the quantity of different size lashing bars but also make all the lashing cases more compatible. The second part of the thesis is to produce a calculation tool -database and a manual to be able to explore all the lashing case lengths on different eye plate arrangement locations on both bridges. This effective multi-purpose database is intended to be used as a help when designing lashing bridges, lashing fittings and eye plate's arrangements. As a result, the lashing eye plate arrangements for both bridge types were specified. However, the ideal outcome for the unified lashing bar length could not be reached because of the total range of the lashing fittings. Creating and using the multi-purpose database was successful and worked as expected.
Dry bulk shipping
Significant ships of 2010
Open-hatch bulk shipping
Value-adding products in shipping : what, for whom - how?
The Juliana sisters : workhorses on the North Atlantic
Lift-away cover leadership in post-Panamax market
Blu code : Code of Practice for the Safe Loading and Unloading of Bulk Carriers (including Blu Manual)
UK cargo ships 1999 = UK Frachtschiffe 1999 = UK lastfartyg 1999
A ship of men : experiences of a female ethnographer in a male-dominated, closed community
Great passenger ships of the world. Vol. 6, 1977-1986
Navis oneraria : the cargo carrier of late Antiquity : studies in ancient ship carpentry
Significant ships of 2013
FG-Shipping's new Baltic Combi-RoRo's : large 3200-lane-metre ships with two-level stern access and passenger accommodation
Transgard transformed into versatile vehicle and project cargo carrier
Wärtsilä engines to power 12 of the world's largest ore carriers
Few changes in Finnish merchant fleet
Ice-strengthened bulk vessel for Baltic Sea
Iran invests in diverse cargo tonnage
Transfennica's 20th anniversary
Cranes and hatch covers serve STX pulp carrier series
Running costs
Covers and cranes for multipurpose pair from Qingsham
Icegoing supramax bulk carrier
Cargo work : the care, handling and carriage of cargoes : including the management of marine cargo transportation
Side loading system beefed up for heavier cargoes
Jane's freight containers 1978 : [ports, operators, manufacturers]
IRISL outfits range of tonnage types
Leif Höegh & Co a/s Oslo : the Firm and the Fleet
Finland's first newbuildings from Korea
Carisbrooke quartet covered by largest high-stowing folding sets
Domestic yards deliver diverse tonnage to Japanese owners
Standard lashing eye plate arrangements on lashing bridges : for unified lashing bar length
Efficient ships make economic sense
A sad end to a long career
"Caviar and Cargo" : the C 3 type passenger cargo ships
Down to the sea in ships : of ageless oceans and modern men
British shipping : its history, organisation and importance
Turn-key solution insulates reefer series
A late seventeenth century Dutch freighter, wrecked on the Zuiderzee
Ship's cargo and cargo ships
Conversions upgrade Russian fleet
Sea-trading. Vol. 1, The Ships
Loading computer and IT-hub
Side-loaders : ro-ro's distant cousin
Trampschiffahrt : Entwicklung - Bedeutung - Marktelemente = Tramp shipping : development - significance - market elements
Hatch covers handle heavy lifts
Inspection guidelines for bulk oil carriers
Tramp : sagas of high adventure in the vanishing world of the old tramp freighters
The China clippers
Liners, tankers & merchant ships : 300 of the world's greatest commersial vessels
The globalisation of the oceans : containerisation from the 1950s to the present
The box that changed the world : fifty years of container shipping - an illustrated history
Significant ships of 2011
Super cargo ships
Sea transport in ice-covered waters
Merchant ships : British built : vessels of 300 tons gross and over completed in 1953.
Global tightness testing service gains approval
Finncarriers means top-quality sea transport
A short history and fleet list of the Canadian Pacific Ocean steamships 1891-1956
Sea-trading. 2, Cargoes
Significant ships of 2014
Improving bulk carrier safety
General cargo ships : guidelines for surveys, assessment and repair of Hull structure
Diverse Dutch tonnage covered
The Finnlines fleet 1947-1997 : 50 years at your service
Simple, well proven cement handling solutions
The cruel sea
Patterns of trade and ship cargoes
Deltamarin's sales director Markku Kanerva : everyone seeking energy efficiency
Sisters strengthen flexible cargo fleet
A Study on bearing pad investment and operating expenses for different sized container vessels
Suomalaiset rahtilaivat 1960-1969 = Finnish cargo ships 1960-1969. Osa = vol. 1, A-K
Covers and cranes serve versatile quartet
Creating global opportunities : Maersk Line in containerisation 1973-2013
Specialised carriersneed specialised RoRo solutions
Cleaning technology in ships
Ice and wood prove a risky mix
Liners, tankers & merchant ships
Where rails meet the sea : America̕ s connections between ships & trains
Ro-lo for icy waters
Balzac octet strengthens French Asia Line services
