http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17928 metal products industry
metal products industry
Die Vielen Wurzeln von Kumera = The many roots of Kumera = Kumeran monet juuret
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
The elements of design : the development of design and stylistic elements from the Renaissance to the postmodern era
Cost competitiveness of Chinese and Finnish fabricated metal industries
500 metal vessels : contemporary explorations of containment
Modern machine shop's handbook for the metalworking industries
Workshop technology part 1 : An introductory course. 1, An introductory course
DFM(A) -aspects of fabricating front panels for telecommunication cabinet plug-in units and use in similar product types
PDM system functions and utilizations analysis to improve the efficiency of sheet metal product design and manufacturing
Alihankinnasta omaan mallistoon (Arvo Piiroinen Oy:n metallihuonekaluja; haastatteluja) = From subcontracting to their own range of furniture (Metal furnitures of Arvo Piiroinen Oy; interviews)
Final report. 1/2015, User experience and usability in complex systems - UXUS
We make choices every day and the choices are determined by our experiences, preferences and expectations. Brand is the factor that adds value to a product or service in people's minds. We support different brands and accept their existence by making choices. The purpose of this thesis is to provide a better understanding and benefits of branding. In order to reach this purpose, research questions focusing on the example of ASSA ABLOY brand and how the company achieves brand attractiveness were stated. Based on these research questions, a review of the relevant literature was conducted, resulting in a conceptual framework that was used to guide the study's data collection. A qualitative, desk research approach was used using relevant literature and interviews with managers working for ASSA ABLOY. Case study was the best-suited approach since this research paper focused on analyzing, how company achieves its brand attractiveness in a deeper methodical way. The study shows that ASSA ABLOY, as the master brand, is increasing its visibility for total security solutions as the world'́s largest provider of security solutions. It also shows that developing the visual elements of a brand makes it more attractive.
Simson : technology, organisation and people - towards world class manufacturing
Branding - the path to success? : case ASSA ABLOY
Fundamentals of modern manufacturing : materials, processes, and systems
The impression of finishing : colors, textures and patterns
Handbook of product design for manufacturing : a practical guide to low-cost production
Planned chance
Conveying user experience in business-to-business environment : a case study from metal and engineering industry
Die vielen Wurzeln von Kumera : 50 Jahre Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = The many roots of Kumera : 50 years Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948 = Kumeran monet juuret : 50 vuotta Noricumwerke Cless, Graz 1898-1948
Results flow control : Metso customer magazine for the flow control business
Preparation for ramp-up production process in metal manufacturing
The melting iron curtain : a comparative analysis of the Northwest Russian metal clusterr
Fiskars 1649 : 350 years of Finnish industrial history
Metal : design and fabrication
Leimet 50 : from a blacksmith's workshop into a global player
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 98/37/EC
Master thesis 2014 [sic]
Industrial design : materials and manufacturing guide
Managing new product development project implementation in metal industry
Tampella : Tampere's heart of iron
Norpe 50 : 1953-2003
Steels and materials for power plants
Product design of belt guard covers for flotation cells
International crafts
Euroshield oy 1972-1997
Machinery : useful facts in relation to directive 89/392/EEC
Fiskars 1649 : 360 years of Finnish industrial history
Manufacturing systems : theory and practice
Piping safely arranged by Roxtec
