http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1798 studies abroad
studies abroad
Guide for applicants : academic year 1994/1995
ERASMUS PROGRAMME STUDENT’S CHALLENGES FACED ABROAD AND THE IMPACT ON EUROPEAN COMMISSION OBJECTIVES
Funding for United States study : a scholarshio guide for Europeans
Students abroad, strangers at home : education for a global society
Economic and social support for students in the countries of the European Community
Working while studying overseas? : an inventory of the possibilities for non-EU/EEA students to work in a number of countries on the basis of a student visa
"You only have one year, why waste it?" : Perceptions & language skills of three Finnish EFL students on exchange in the USA
Guidelines for applicants ERASMUS & LINGUA (action II) : academic year 1994/95
Teenage explorers : spending a high school year in a foreign country
ECTS information package 2002-2003: Lappeenranta University of Technology. Department of Mechanical Engineering
Academic writing for international students of business
Higher education in the European Community : study abroad in the European Community : an analysis of selected programmes for student exchange between higher education institutions in France, the Federal Republic of Germany and the United Kingdom
How to study abroad
Study abroad. 27.
Foreign students as a part of international mobility
Abstract: Title
Studying and living abroad : my experiences
Erasmus exchange students : A behind-the-scenes view into an ELF community of practice
Postgraduate study in Britain 97 : the complete guide to over 12,000 courses in all universities and institutions... specifically designed for the visiting student to Britain
Living & working abroad : Munich
In the country of chocolate
Foreign students studying in Finland : case survey among Chinese students
The development of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta university of applied sciences
Basic facts on study abroad
Doing my doctorate in Finland : is it worth it?!
Kaigai Nihon kenkyū kikan ichiran = Overseas institutions related to Japanese studies
Finnish know-how at your service
Nordic students abroad : student mobility patterns, student support systems and labour market outcomes
Chile's international scholarship programme
Tutoring Finnish exchange students in Zambia : experiences of clinical tutors
Student mobility in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Business and Applied Sciences
Sun trajectory program and solar panel
Insight into IELTS
ECTS information package
Peer interactions in new content and language integrated settings
Nordic experiences - What do short-term study abroad programs have to offer?
Why in-service teachers left their employment and pursued master's studies at a Finnish university
I don't want to understand
Turku students popular trainees abroad
Re view : The annual research journal of the school of art and design 1996-1997
Study abroad
The whole world guide to culture learning
International students' language use and attitudes towards English and Finnish
Information guide for exchange students
The Catch for Chinese Sea Turtles: An empirical assessment of the employability of overseas versus nationally educated Chinese students
Pitt in China = A cultural perspective by American college students
The SAGE handbook of international higher education
Studying and living in Britain ... : the British Council's guide for overseas students and visitors
Guidebook for exchange students
How HAMK could integrate its international students
The purpose of this thesis was to present the development and changes of outgoing student exchange in Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, from the early 1990's to 2014. Satakunta University of Applied Sciences wanted a thesis of this subject to be written hoping that the University of Applied Sciences can benefit from this study in the future.  The theory part was constructed of the outgoing student exchange, the different exchange programmes and organizations, reasons for going to exchange, the internationalization of Finnish universities of applied sciences and the stages of internationalization.  The empirical part was constructed of outgoing student exchange from SAMK, methods for applying to exchange, and development of outgoing student exchange from SAMK and of statistics concerning the development of student exchange.  This thesis was a quantitative study and part of the theory was presented as statistics as well as the empirical part which was mainly constructed of statistics as was requested by SAMK. Theory part was written using books and online sources. The empirical part was gathered through interviews, emails and using an online database.  The aim of this thesis was to present a study of the development of the outgoing stu-dent exchange from SAMK and have it be useful to SAMK in the future.
Journeys of the heart
Guidebook for future exchange students
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
This guide covers financial aid, Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) requirements, housing availability and special services for international students. It includes step-by-step guidelines on how to prepare for and apply to colleges in the United States.
European education yearbook 2002 : international study guide
Graduate study in the United States : a guide for prospective international graduate students
Cimo scholarships : scholarships for studies, research and teaching in Finland
Study abroad and career identity : three narratives of English language students' journeys to English-speaking countries
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma
Studying in China
Work & study in developing countries
Research on Foreign Study Intentions of Lu'an Natives
Socio-emotional orientations and teacher change
Expatriate training for exchange students
Studying abroad : a series of articles about Finnish students in the European village
Open doors : report on international educational exchange. 1990/91
Student mobility within ERASMUS 1987/88 : a statistical survey
International student handbook 2015.
Americanah
Orientation handbook for foreign students
Integration of foreign students at Häme Polytechnic's International Business programme
Writing across culture : an introduction to study abroad and the writing process
Guide for foreign applicants
Clinical Practice At Ward A3, Hatanpää : An Orientation Guide for Nursing Exchange Students
Recognition of foreign teaching qualifications in Finland
Mountains and instability : this is Kyrgyzstan
Assessing motivation and the use of learning strategies by secondary school students in three international schools
Study abroad and early career : experiences of former Erasmus students
Peterson's applying to colleges and universities in the United States : a handbook for international students
To survive, you have to adjust : study abroad as a process of learning intercultural competence in nursing
How to spend a year abroad
Da. Eto vopros! : prosodic development of Finnish students' read-aloud Russian during study in Russia
Emotional investments during the Year Abroad: A case study of a British ERASMUS student in Italy
Chinese educational migration and student-teacher mobilities : experiencing otherness
ECTS information package 2002-2003: Lappeenranta University of Technology. Department of Information Technology
Studying and living in Britain 1995 : the British Council's guide for overseas students and visitors
Outbound student exchange from Satakunta University of Applied Sciences, School of Maritime Management, Rauma = Ulospäin suuntautuva opiskelijavaihto Satakunnan ammattikorkeakoulun Rauman Merenkulun toimipisteessä
Living and studying abroad : research and practice
From Taiyan to Turku
The objective of this thesis was to explore the mobility of students in Dalarna University and HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The main research question was how organizations and people reacted to the mobility issue, how they have done it, and what the present student mobility situation in HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and Dalarna University is. Another aim was to find out the factors encouraging and preventing student exchange and to see what could be done in order to enhance the interest in exchange. The theoretical framework concentrates on organisational behaviour. The theory on barriers to trade enlightens how softer values may act as barriers for mobility even though the technical barriers have been removed. Strong organisational cultures and fear of change can be a burden when facing new situations and challenges, but the theory of resistance to change presents how these can be managed. In addition, the theory of rational decision-making demonstrates how to make decisions in order to optimise the desired outcome. The study was conducted by a qualitative research method. A few members of administrative staff and students were interviewed in both universities. These interviews were carried out both face-to-face and via e-mail. Data on student mobility in general in Sweden and Finland was gathered from different organisations and official institutions. Also the development of the Bologna process and its effects on educational organisations and thus mobility was studied. Although the empirical part of the thesis also includes researching overall student mobility in both countries, the findings and recommendations are limited to the aforementioned universities. The results show that there is cooperation between universities and mobility has been made easier, but HAAGA-HELIA students tend to study more abroad when compared to students from Dalarna. The reasons why Swedish students do not go abroad vary but are not altogether due to financial issues. More information on in-coming exchange students and students who have already been on exchange, comprehensive internet pages on exchange possibilities, and developed and smooth cooperation between universities and different organisations can be some methods that could make  students still hesitating more confident about exchange.
Youth for Understanding 20 vuotta Suomessa
If you want to study in the United States. Booklet 1, Undergraduate study
Industrial design education in the world 1
Higher education in the European Community : recognition of study abroad in the European Community : the findings of a survey of "Joint Study Programmes" - prepared at the request of the Office for Cooperation in Education for the Commission of the European Communities
Journey of the phoenix : overseas study and women's changing position in China
Study in Finland : you'll be surprised!
Typical American
A Guidebook for Chinese Students Studying in Finland
Guides for stress coping during clinical training for international degree nursing students
Trade schools, universities, and programs for international students have begun to experiment with Content and Language Integrated Learning (CLIL) as a viable pedagogy for instruction, as the pedagogy of CLIL increasingly gains recognition as a practical form of language and content education in Europe and beyond, and its application in instructional settings becomes more diverse. Corresponding with CLIL's growth, this book focuses on foreign language use during peer interactions in a new CLIL setting. It particularly concentrates on how to conduct research when the focus is on learner interactions. The theoretical background, research methods, and research instruments are explained in a brief and understandable manner. This book is intended for those interested in CLIL and peer interactions and includes a framework and ideas for investigating new CLIL contexts in a practical manner allowing undergraduate and graduate students to conduct their own research in these settings.
Public education in an integrated Europe : studying to migrate and teaching to stay?
Vietnamese students' decision making process on choosing a study destination and its marketing implications
The return of the native
Creating winning CVs & applications
The challenge of culture in student exchange : case H.O.T.E.L. Atlantis, first cohort
Orientation handbook
US Immigration Handbook : a survival handbook
NAFSA's international student handbook : the essential guide to university study in the USA
Risk management of exchange students : according to Erasmus Joint Research Project
Multicultural TeKu : the international learning environment at Savonia
International mobility in Finnish education : trends and developments in tertiary and secondary education 2000-2004
Vietnamese Students' Decision Making Process on Choosing a Study Destination and Its Marketing Implications
Erasmus and Lingua (Action II) : guide to good practice
Academic mobility : blending perspectives = Mobilité académique : perspectives croisées : programme and information
Japan - a new field of interest for Finnish universities
FACTORS THAT MOTIVATE THE NEW GENERATION STUDENTS TO STUDY ABROAD - Exchange students as a case study
