http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17976 non-food
non-food
The 1st Nordic Conference on Flax and Hemp Processing : 10 - 12 August 1998, Tampere Hall, Tampere 1998 : proceedings abstracts of posters
The role of e-business for competitive advantage in the transforming European food and non-food retail business
Evaluating germplasm of reed canary grass, Phalaris arundinacea L.
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper
The use of dietary supplements and medication among Finnish elite athletes
Abstract.
Biofuels : global impact on renewable energy, production agriculture, and technological advancement
Improving the performance of bituminous concrete (i.e., a typical flexible trafficked pavement) has been one of the major concerns in highway engineering, due mainly to the twin maladies of temperature and oxidation that impede its performance. It is on this basis, that the present study was directed towards exploring techniques that will improve the performance of the flexible road pavement by modifying its strength properties, particularly stability and density, using rubber latex through rubberization. The results of this study revealed that at the design optimum asphalt (bitumen) content of 4.72%, the addition of various percentages of the rubber latex produced a design value of 1.52% of the rubber latex with a concomitant reduction in the air voids and voids in mineral aggregate (VMA) from 4 to 3.54% (i.e., an 11.5% reduction) and 16.4 to 13.25% (i.e., a 19.2% reduction) respectively. Whereas, the reduction in voids added more strength to the bituminous concrete by increasing its stability from 1520 to 2800 N (i.e., an 83.7% increase) and density from 2451 to 2525 kg/m3 (i.e., a 3% increase), it was observed that the reduction in VMA had no positive impact on the strength properties of the flexible trafficked pavement.
Biomass for energy and industry : 4th E.C. Conference
Modifying the voids properties of a trafficked pavement using rubber latex
Evaluating germplasm of reed canary grass, Phalaris arundinacea L
Paper and composites from agro-based resources
Designer oil crops : breeding, processing and biotechnology
Consuming the inedible : neglected dimensions of food choice
Kenaf is a rapidly growing annual crop that is cultivated mainly for its stem with numerous end uses (paper, insulation mats, oil/chemical absorbent and energy production among others). In the view of this research, the effect of nitrogen fertilizer application on the growth and yield of kenaf was investigated in central Greece (Aliartos). After three years of experimentation (2000-02), both growth and yield increased when nitrogen rate was increased (0-120 kg N/ha). It should be pointed out that this increase was only statistically significant (P<0.05, LSD test) in few cases. Averaged overall years, the dry stem yield in control plots (0 kg N/ha) was 9.8 t/ha, in the low fertilized plots (40 kg N/ha) 10.3 t/ha, in the medium fertilized plots (80 kg N/ha) 11 t/ha and in the highly fertilized plots (120 kg N/ha) 12.2 t/ha. A comparison between each nitrogen fertilizer application rate (40, 80 and 120 kg N/ha) and the control plots showed that mean dry stem yields in low fertilized plots increased 5%, in medium fertilized 12% and in highly fertilized 25%. It should be also mentioned that the nitrogen content (%) of both stem fractions (bark and core) were higher when the plants had been highly fertilized. In highly fertilized plants (120 kg N/ha), nitrogen content was 0.377% for the bark and 0.335% for the core, while the corresponding values in the control plants were 0.304 and 0.213%, respectively.
Evaluation of reed canary grass for different end-uses and in breeding
Phytoestrogens : occurrence in foods, and metabolism of lignans in man and pigs
Non-food uses of agricultural raw materials : economics, biotechnology and politics
"This volume comprises original, empirically grounded chapters that collectively offer the most comprehensive study available to date on food security in the Middle East. The book starts with a theoretical framing of the phenomena of food security and food sovereignty and presents empirical case studies of Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Egypt, Yemen, the Persian Gulf states and Iran. Some of the major themes examined include the ascent and decline of various food regimes, urban agriculture, overseas agricultural land purchases, national food self-sufficiency strategies, distribution networks and food consumption patterns, and nutrition transitions and healthcare. Collectively, the chapters represent highly original contributions to the disciplines of political science, economics, agricultural studies, and healthcare policy"--
Response of kenaf (Hibiscus cannabinus L.) growth and yield to nitrogen fertilization
Food security in the Middle East
Biotechnology, agriculture and food
Metabolic and nutritional effects of intensified dietary therapy in patients with recently diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus
Crops for industry : a practical guide to non-food and oilseed agriculture
Plant based specialty products and biopolymers : report from a NJK-seminar 1996
Non-wood plants as raw material for pulp and paper industry
7th International Oat Conference : proceedings
Non-textile application of flax : how to overcome technological and marketing barriers
Biodiesel : growing a new energy economy
Virus infections in early childhood, cow's milk formula exposure and genetic predisposition in the development of diabetes-associated autoimmunity
Journal of the American Oil Chemists' Society
Industrial crops and uses
