http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17950 folk artists
folk artists
Craftworks of China
Looks at the work produced outside the mainstream of modern western art by self-taught untrained visionaries, spiritualists, eccentric recluses, folk artists, psychiatric patients, criminals and others beyond the imposed margins of society and the art market.
Art without borders : a philosophical exploration of art and humanity
ITE : art in Finland
Historical dictionary of shamanism
Artists in tune with their world : masters of popular art in the Americas and their relation to the folk tradition
Reinventing textiles. Vol. 3, Postcolonialism and creativity
Law, ethics and the visual arts
Ugriculture 2000 : suomalais-ugrilaisten kansojen nykytaiteet : Karjala-Komi-Mari-Mordva-Udmurtia-Unkari-Viro = contemporary art of the Fenno-Ugrian peoples : Karelia-Komi-Mari-Mordvinia-Udmurt-Hungary-Estonia
Artists in Lapland
Turkish traditional art today
Shamans and gods
Fairground art
Social hackers
Graffiti world : street art from five continents
Intellectual property and international trade : the TRIPs agreement
Frida Kahlo at home
Native art and school curriculum : Saskatchewan aboriginal artists' perspectives
Moorditj : Australian indigenous cultural expressions
Anonymous was a woman
Australian art
Veijo Rönkkösen todellinen elämä = The real life of Veijo Rönkkönen
Georg Ots : People's Artist of the USSR
Inuit women artists : voices from Cape Dorset
How to look at outsider art
Nomadic University for Art, Philosophy and Enterprise in Europe : the journey continues 2009-2011
Eyes on America : the United States as seen by her artists
Primitive passions : men, women, and the quest for ecstasy
Marginalia : perspectives on outsider art / Ans van Berkum ... [et al.] ; editor: Jos ten Berge
Ars 11 : Africa in Kouvola
Outsider art : spontaneous alternatives
Fából vaskarika - nem-mindennapi kreativitás : finn-magyar nemzetközi müvészeti kiállítás : [Zichy Kastély, Budapest, III. kerlet, Óbuda, Fö tér 1., 2004. május 28 - szeptember 5] = Outsider art - everyday creativity : Finnish-Hungarian international art  / [a magyar müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Hungarian artists by Zsuzsa Fazekas, Emese Joó] ; [a finn müvészek listáját összeállította = the introductions to Finnish artists by Julia Elmore ... [et al.]] ; [szövegek = texts: Eszter C
Nomadic University for Art, Philosophy and Enterprise in Europe : the first eight oases 2006-2009
Isidore Isou : hypergraphic novels 1950-1984
Contemporary Sami art and design
The essential Grandma Moses
O, Appalachia : artists of the southern mountains
International artists-in-residence 1990-2010 : mobility, technology and identity in everyday art practices
Equal rights to creativity : a celebration of outsider art : Mexico Gallery, London, May-June 2004 / [essays by Roger Cardinal and Colin Rhodes]
Mexico, from mestizo to multicultural : national identity and recent representations of the Conquest
The everyday womanhood : a methodological journey to an entwined process
Taxation of international performing artistes : the problems with article 17 OECD and how to correct them
Mythscapes : aboriginal art of the desert : from the National Gallery of Victoria
Outsider art sourcebook : art brut = folk art = outsider art
The culture of curating and the curating of culture(s)
World of faery : Ann inspirational collection of art for faery lovers
Graffiti world : street art from five continets
The centrifugal book of Europe
This book highlights the significance of contemporary Southeast Asian art and artists, and their place in the globalized art world and the internationalizing field of ‘contemporary art’. In the light of the region’s modern art history, the book surveys this relatively under-examined area of contemporary art which first found broad international recognition in the 1990s. Traced here are significant exhibitions that featured contemporary Southeast Asian art and brought it to regional and international attention. Examined are seminal foundational art histories, and dominant methods and thematic frameworks for engaging with Southeast Asian art. Key artists, exhibitions, collections, scholarship, ideologies, and discourses shaping its developing history are discussed, as are major works by artists associated with Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, and Singapore. Far from being peripheral, Southeast Asian art has helped create the very conditions of international contemporary art, compelling us to examine the Euro-American biases of art history. The book stresses local creative contexts and cultural histories of the rich modern and contemporary art of the region and its diaspora, revealing its plurality and diversity. The concept ‘Southeast Asia’ is treated as a crucial entry-point for examining art and artists associated with this unique region and for extending debate on the local/global constitution of contemporary art.
Syncretic arenas : essays on postcolonial African drama and theatre for Esiaba Irobi
Self-made worlds : visionary folk art environments
Raw creation : outsider art and beyond
Primitive art & society
The Situationist International : a user's guide
Art now : a cutting-edge selection of today's most exciting artists : Vol 3
The book of Åland
Lauluja sukupolvelta toiselle : Qiao Xiaoguongin paperileikkaustaiteen näyttely = Passing on the songs : Qiao Xiaoguong's Kalevala paper cutting art exhibition
Prince Twins Seven-Seven : his art, his life in Nigeria, his exile in America
Manifestations of contemporary folk art and outsider art
Alterity, identity, image : selves and others in society and scholarship
Lisälehdet Andreas Alarieston lapinkuviin = Bilaga till Andreas Alariestos lapplandsbilder = The later pictures of Lapland by Andreas Alariesto
Alaska native art : tradition, innovation, continuity
Keeveeok, awake! : Mamnguqsualuk and the rebirth of legend at Baker lake : an exhibition held at the Ring House gallery, November 20, 1986 to January 11, 1987, in conjunction with the 25th anniversary of the Boreal institute for northern studies
This book explores the influence of Mexican culture and tradition, La Casa Azul and other places Frida Kahlo called home, on her life and work. La Casa Azul, now one of the most visited museums in Mexico City, was the artist's birthplace and the home where she grew up, lived with her husband Diego Rivera for a number of years, and also where she died. She spent long periods of time in the house convalescing, first in 1918 when she contracted polio and again, at the age of 18, after the trolley accident which left her badly injured. Confined to her bed and in constant pain and discomfort, she began to paint as a way to occupy her time. After marrying Rivera, Frida moved out of the Blue House, living in Mexico and abroad, moving for a brief time to the United States, until eventually returning to her childhood home. Fully illustrated, the book features Frida's paintings together with archive images and family photographs, objects and artefacts she collected and photographs of the surrounding landscape to provide an insight into how these places shaped this much-loved artist and how the homes and landscapes of her life relate to her work.
Fából vaskarika - nem-mindennapi kreativitás : finn-magyar nemzetközi művészeti kiállítás = Outsider art - everyday creativity : Finnish-Hungarian international art exhibition
Art now : the new directory to 136 international contemporary artists. Vol 2
Everyday genius : self-taught art and the culture of authenticity
Northern beauty : Barents visual arts in the 1970s and the 1980s
A trip to paradise
The russian folk theatre
Greyscale/CMYK
African canvas : the art of West African Women
John Hoover : art & life
Vitamin P : new perspectives in painting
Art for social change and cultural awakening : an anthropology of residence in Taiwan
The artist of "Isleta paintings" in Pueblo society
Andreas Alarieston lapinkuvat = Andreas Alariestos lapplandsbilder = Pictures of Lapland by Andreas Alariesto
Art now : 81 artists at the rise of the new millennium = 81 Kü̈nstler zu Beginn des 21. Jahrhunderts = 81 artistes au commencement du 21éme siécle
Reworlding art history : encounters with contemporary Southeast Asian art after 1990
Art & today
Art now. Vol. 3, A cutting-edge selection of today's most exciting artists
The Situationist Times facsimile edition
Across the street, around the world : a handbook for cultural exchange
International sales of works of art
Changing the system? : artists talk about their practice : a discussion event in Rotterdam, April 1999
This collection in part examines the legacy of the consummate Nigerian stage artist and scholar, Esiaba Irobi (1960–2010). Poems, tributes, and studies celebrate Irobi’s significance as actor, playwright, director, poet, and theatre theorist. Irobi’s life, temper, times, and career are inextricably linked to the history, development, concerns, and uses of drama and theatre in Africa. The contributions highlight the evolution of autochthonous theatrical practices: the interaction between Western and indigenous African performance traditions; colonial/postcolonial government policies and the mutations of drama and theatre (and critical commentary); the tensions inherent in postcolonial conceptions of history, identity, nationhood, and articulations of alternative aesthetics, pedagogies, and epistemologies for postcolonial African theatre; staging African plays in the West; and the constituencies of the contemporary African playwright and director. The strength of these studies derives primarily from nuanced examinations of the concerns and careers of particular African playwrights; the history, offerings, and fortunes of particular theatrical arenas, and close explorations of specific performances and texts. The foregrounding of correspondences in the dramaturgies and intellectual ferment of the continent critically accentuates equally privileged regional, historical, and other crucial specificities. Situated in time and place while underscoring the political and intellectual intersections of a shared history of colonialism, the contributions to 'Syncretic arenas', individually and collectively, reveal the transformations and growing strengths of postcolonialism as an analytical strategy.
Hantyjskie legendy = The Khanty legends
