http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17959 plant anatomy
plant anatomy
Plant anatomy. Part 1, Cells and tissues
Plant structure, function and adaptation
This book describes the natural history of leaf defence against both invertebrate and vertebrate attack, incorporating insights from the field and laboratory.
Form and function in developmental evolution
Morphologie, Anatomie und Systematik der höheren Pflanzen = Morphology, anatomy and systematics of higher plants
Esau's plant anatomy : meristems, cells, and tissues of the plant body : their structure, function, and development
Plant structure and development : a pictorial and physiological approach
Tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) : distributions and comparison with Norway spruce (Picea abies)
Wood anatomy and physical properties of the wood and bark in Betula nana growing in Finland
Distributions of tracheid cross-sectional dimensions in different parts of Norway spruce stems
The anatomy of woody plants
Abstract.
Stratification of tropical forests as seen in leaf structure : part 2
Seasonal variation in structure and function of the vascular cambium and characteristics of the wood in Salix
The Plant Plasma Membrane
The wild and ornamental Musaceae of Vietnam with descriptions of two new traveling bananas
The formation of wood in forest trees : the second symposium held under the auspices of the Maria Moors Cabot Foundation for Botanical Research, Harvard Forest, April, 1963
Structural and developmental studies on cambial variant in Pupalia lappacea (Amaranthaceae)
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 1
Rediscovery of Musa splendida A. Chevalier and description of two new species, Musa viridis and Musa Iutea
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 1, Systematic anatomy of leaf and stem, with a brief history of the subject
A colour atlas of plant structure
Fossil dicot wood names : an annotated list with full bibliography
Plant cell walls : from chemistry to biology
The structural biology of palms
Botany : a textbook for colleges
The bamboos : papers presented at an international symposium organised by the Linnean Society of London, The Royal Botanic Gardens Kew and Wye College, University of London, held at the Linnean Society's Rooms, London, 25th to 29th March, 1996
Practical plant anatomy
Identification of softwoods by their mictorcopic structure
The plant endoplasmic reticulum
Anatomy and activities of plants : a guide to the study of flowering plants
Anatomy of seed plants
Pathological and regenerative plant anatomy
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 3, Magnoliales, Illiciales, and Laurales (sensu Armen Takhtaan)
Bibliography of systematic wood anatomy of dicotyledons
An introduction to plant structure and development : plant anatomy for the 21st century
Structural and functional aspects of transport in roots : 3rd International symposium on structure function of roots, Nitra, Czechoslovakia, 3-7 August 1987
Diversity and evolutionary biology of tropical flowers
Leaf venation patterns. 4, Melastomataceae
Leaf defence
An introduction to plant anatomy
The development of flowers
Botany : a brief introduction to plant biology
Atlas of stem anatomy in herbs, shrubs and trees : with over 2000 colour illustrations. Volume 1
Teaching plant anatomy through creative laboratory exercises
Distinguishing between Betula pendula Roth. and Betula pubescens Ehrh. on the basis of wood anatomy
Morphology, anatomy and systematics at the centenary of William Troll's birth : proceedings of the 13th symposium "Morphology, anatomy, systematics"
Wood anatomy and physical properties of wood and bark in Betula tortuosa Ledeb
The Vascular Cambium : development and structure
Structure and function of roots : proceedings of the fourth international symposium on structure and function of roots, June 20-26, 1993, Stará Lesná, Slovakia
Anatomy and physiology of diseased plants
Beauty in wood
Morphology and anatomy of leaves from some woody plants in a humid tropical forest of Venezuelan Guayana
Sedums of Europe : stonecrops and wallpeppers
Plant anatomy : experiment and interpretation. Part 2, Organs
Biology and ecology of Norway spruce
Plant anatomy : an applied approach
Structure and function of plants
Plant morphology
The phloem
The gymnosperms
A taxonomic review of the genus Festuca in Uganda : AFLP fingerprinting, chromosome numbers, morphology and anatomy
The role of scent glands in pollination : on the structure and function of osmophores
The tree habit in land plants : a functional comparison of trunk constructions with a brief introduction into the biomechanics of trees
A guide to wood microtomy : making quality microslides of wood sections
Comparative wood anatomy : systematic, ecological, and evolutionary aspects of dicotyledon wood
Comparative study of secondary phloem of 423 species of woody dicotyledons belonging to 85 families
XIV international botanical congress, Berlin, July 24 to August 1, 1987 : symposium on antropogenous effects on plant structure
The living plant : an introduction to botany, with illustrations by the author
Trees : their natural history
Root anatomy and morphology : a guide to the literature
New perspectives on the role of auxin in wood formation
Flowering plant families of the world
Mechanical properties of bamboo
Physiology of the plant root system
Functional and ecological xylem anatomy
Growth rings in tropical trees : proceedings of the joint session of IUFRO O5.05 Tree Ring Analysis and IAWA on Age and Growth Rate Determination in Tropical Trees, held on 18 May, 1988, in São Paulo, Brazil, during the IUFRO All Division 5 Conference
This book analyzes what is currently known about functional and ecological xylem anatomy. In addition to serving as a source of information to professionals, instructors, and advanced students in plant science and forestry, the inherent beauty of xylem that is apparent in many images will be a source of inspiration to readers who are not yet familiar with the topic. This work offers a unique combination of scientific insight based on thorough experimental work and beautiful images, which often speak for themselves. The beauty of xylem is evident at different scales; from views of striking tree ring patterns and vascular networks in fern fronds, conifer needles, and angiosperm leaves, to microscopic images of developing pits. Functional and Ecological Xylem Anatomy not only serves as a source of information, but also of inspiration.
Biochemistry and molecular biology of wood
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 3
Pith flecks and ray abnormalities in birch wood
Orchids : a practical guide to the world's most fascinating plants
Manual of leaf architecture
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : IV fibre and vessel length in branches, stems and roots
Anatomy of flowering plants : an introduction to structure and development
Anatomical and cytological comparison of the development of crown gall in three host species
IAWA list of microscopic features for softwood identification
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : II observations on the anatomy of root wood
Anatomy of the dicotyledons : leaves, stem and wood in relation to taxonomy with notes on economic uses. Vol. 2
The kingdom fungi : an introduction to mushrooms, molds, and lichens
Anatomy of the dicotyledons. Vol. 2, Wood structure and conclusion of the general introduction
Mycorrhizas : anatomy and cell biology
CRC handbook of flowering. Vol. 6
New research on forest ecosystems
Plant form : an illustrated guide to flowering plant morphology
Life processes of plants
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : III proportion of wood elements in stems and branches in Betula pendula Roth
Botany : an introduction to plant biology
Biology of plants
IAWA list of microscopic features for hardwood identification
Plant architecture and its manipulation
Shape and form in plants and fungi : papers presented at a Linnean Society Regional Meeting held at the Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh
An introduction to the anatomy of seed plants
Integrative plant anatomy
Three-dimensional structure of wood : a scanning electron microscope study
Bibliography on the botany of West Pakistan and Kashmir. 3, Morphology, anatomy and ecology
Xylem structure and the ascent of sap
Variation in structure and selected properties of Finnish birch wood : I Interrelationships of some structural features, basic density and shrinkage
