http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17921 starting
starting powering up starting up
Mechatronic systems, sensors, and actuators : fundamentals and modeling
Feasibility Study for a Start-Up Enterprise
Engine failure analysis : internal combustion engine failure and their causes
The thesis was commissioned by Wärtsilä Finland Ltd. Engines R&D section. The purpose was to study the cost estimate of new possible starting air system of a Wärtsilä 46DF engine that is being developed and to compare the existing and possible new starting air system. New starting air system is compatible with Wärtsilä 46F engine. Technical data of the Wärtsilä 46F engines existing starting air system and possible new one is presented. Air consumption and total costs of both systems were compared. The external system is a relevant part of expenses so its effect has been noticed in the thesis. The classification societies' regulations on how systems must be made and what capacities is required were presented. In the thesis the starting air costs per one engine start was calculated and the prices of an external system and a summary of the results were presented. The history of Wärtsilä 46 engine is presented shortly and what kind of engine Wärtsilä 46F is nowadays and where it is in use. Some questions and ideas that rose during making the thesis are suggested. Conclusion was that air consumption decreases with new starting air system 31%, air receiver can be made 12.5% smaller and the cost of starting air decreased 33%
The major aim and purpose of this study is to investigate and assess the roles and function of smooth production ramp-up and ramp-down of manufacturing industry towards achieving fast fulfillment of customer demand. When the company brings a great deal of new variants/products to the market, it is important that there are good methods and knowledge available. The whole organization needs to work together to get the best possible result. Ramp-up needs to be quick enough to fulfill the customer ́s needs. There are great deal of similar kind of products from several suppliers in the market. If the product is not available early enough, they choose another supplier. Demand supply planning organization and delivery capability management need to be involved when the planning of ramp-up and ramp-down timing is started. It is very important that there are not too much excess material available in the end of the ramp-down. Supply planning and Delivery capability team calculate together the best point to stop the manufacturing and delivering 4 the ramp-down product to the customer. There are always some materials which need to be scrapped, but the scrapped material and the benefit of the new product need to be in balance. Several questions have to be taken into account; a lower SPC price for the new coming product (=profitability), minimizing obsolescence, to be taken into account the customer ́s needs and wishes.Some changes in the product are very important for the customer. It depends on what kind of change it is, a modification or a product change. If it is only a modification change, it is much easier to also use old material at a very low level and minimize the excess materials. If it is a bigger change, then it is very important to cooperate with the sales to make the best possible timing for the ramp-up and for ramp-down as well. Technological development is now days so quick that a product life-cycle is very short. Of course, it depends on what kind of product it is. In a base station product the life-cycle is only some years.
Ethanol direct injection on turbocharged SI engines - potential and challenges: 2007 World congress, Detroit, Michigan, April 16-19, 2007
Production ramp-up and ramp-down process development from viewpoint of supply planning
High concentration ethanol effect on SI engine cold startability
Crowdfunding or Business Angels to Finance Start-Ups
EXAMINING THE USE OF A SOFT-STARTER FOR THE THRUSTER UNIT’S LUBRICATION AND CONTROL PUMP
Autumn colours as an indicator of hardening processes in subarctic dwarf birches
Motor control with PLC
Designed enhancement infrastructures as motivation for business start-up : Case of Venture Cup
Cost estimate of a new starting air system : Wärtsilä Finland Ltd
