http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17963 grief
grief sorrow
Missing mummy
"In such a small community as the Falkland Islands, a missing child is unheard of. In such a dangerous landscape it can only be a terrible tragedy, surely...  When another child goes missing, and then a third, it's no longer possible to believe that their deaths were accidental, and the villagers must admit that there is a murderer among them. Even Catrin Quinn, a damaged woman living a reclusive life after the accidental deaths of her own two sons a few years ago, gets involved in the searches and the speculation.  And suddenly, in this wild and beautiful place that generations have called home, no one feels safe and the hysteria begins to rise.  But three islanders--Catrin, her childhood best friend, Rachel, and her ex-lover Callum--are hiding terrible secrets. And they have two things in common: all three of them are grieving, and none of them trust anyone, not even themselves.  In Little Black Lies, her most shocking and engaging suspense novel to date, Sharon Bolton will keep the reader guessing until the very last page"--
Memory man
Support for a family in grief
Widow’s guide to healing : gentle support and advice for the first 5 Years
Beyond the sea
The high mountains of Portugal : a novel
The scar
Did you ever have a family
Cheer up, Little Duck!
Grief, mourning and death ritual
A Liverpool song
Death and spirituality
A heart bent out of shape
Dogs at the perimeter : a novel
Handbook of thanatology : the essential body of knowledge for the study of death, dying and bereavement
Remember me this way
Lincoln in the bardo : a novel
OCD-afflicted seventeen-year-old, Griffin, has just lost his first love – his best friend, ex-boyfriend and the boy he believed to be his ultimate life partner – in a drowning accident. In a desperate attempt to hold onto every last piece of the past, a broken Griffin forges a friendship with Theo’s new college boyfriend, Jackson. And Griffin will stop at nothing to learn every detail of Theo’s new college life, and ultimate death. But as the grieving pair grows closer, readers will question Griffin's own version of the truth – both in terms of what he’s willing to hide, and what true love ultimately means...
The amber fury
We need to talk about grief : how to be a friend to the one who's left behind
Cultures of Death and Dying in Medieval and Early Modern Europe
Spontaneous shrines and the public memorialization of death
The fragile world
The son
The color of absence : 12 stories about loss and hope
Pete the Cat and his magic sunglasses
History is all you left me
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematory
The purest of bastards : works of mourning, art, and affirmation in the thought of Jacques Derrida
A house without mirrors
The truth about forever
The lake
Michael Rosen's sad book
Abstract (s. 4) .
The art of not breathing
What the light hides
Something old, something new: disorders specifically associated with stress in the ICD 11th revision
Everything I never told you : a novel
Lovefuries : the contracting sea : the hanging judge : bite or Suck
I was here
A song for Issy Bradley
The old man's love story
The silver bough
"Lydia is dead. But they don't know this yet. So begins the story of this exquisite debut novel, about a Chinese American family living in 1970s small-town Ohio. Lydia is the favorite child of Marilyn and James Lee; their middle daughter, a girl who inherited her mother's bright blue eyes and her father's jet-black hair. Her parents are determined that Lydia will fulfill the dreams they were unable to pursue-in Marilyn's case that her daughter become a doctor rather than a homemaker, in James's case that Lydia be popular at school, a girl with a busy social life and the center of every party. When Lydia's body is found in the local lake, the delicate balancing act that has been keeping the Lee family together tumbles into chaos, forcing them to confront the long-kept secrets that have been slowly pulling them apart. James, consumed by guilt, sets out on a reckless path that may destroy his marriage. Marilyn, devastated and vengeful, is determined to find a responsible party, no matter what the cost. Lydia's older brother, Nathan, is certain that the neighborhood bad boy Jack is somehow involved. But it's the youngest of the family-Hannah-who observes far more than anyone realizes and who may be the only one who knows the truth about what happened. A profoundly moving story of family, history, and the meaning of home, Everything I Never Told You is both a gripping page-turner and a sensitive family portrait, exploring the divisions between cultures and the rifts within a family, and uncovering the ways in which mothers and daughters, fathers and sons, and husbands and wives struggle, all their lives, to understand one another"--
Eight years ago, Tess and Jake were considered a power couple of the New York publishing world--happy, in love, planning a family. Failed fertility treatments and a heartbreaking attempt at adoption have fractured their marriage and left Tess edgy and adrift. A visit to friends in rural Vermont throws Tess's world into further chaos when she sees a young, half-dressed child in the middle of the road, who then runs into the woods like a frightened deer. The entire town begins searching for the little girl. But there are no sightings, no other witnesses, no reports of missing children. As local police and Jake point out, Tess's imagination has played her false before. And yet Tess is compelled to keep looking, not only to save the little girl she can't forget but to salvage her broken heart as well.
Little black lies
H is for hawk
The boy in the black suit
Always and forever
The jump
Dear Charlie
Lost stars, or, What Lou Reed taught me about love
The absent one : mourning ritual, tragedy, and the performance of ambivalence
Willow
Poems and readings for funerals and memorials
Second chances
If I stay
High tide
Death and dying : views from many cultures
Mourning Ruby
Melancholy dialectics : Walter Benjamin and the play of mourning
The mariner's star
Stuck with the Blooz
My grandmother sends her regards & apologises
Death : an essay on finitude
Death and mourning rituals in online environments : lectio praecursoria 8.8.2014
A new hope
The happy ever after of Rosie Potter (RIP)
Ambitious love
The orchid house : a novel
The sense of an elephant
Goodbye, pet & see you in heaven : a memoir of animals, love and loss
Looking for Alaska
The unspeakable : and other subjects of discussion
The reminder
The falafel king is dead
A million miles away
All the wrong places : a life lost and found
The undertaking
Dying, assisted death and mourning
Caring relationships : the dying and the bereaved
A year of marvellous ways
Where I lost her
Love Anthony
The square root of summer
A man called Ove
Breathe : a ghost story
Recounts how the author, an experienced falconer grieving the sudden death of her father, endeavored to train for the first time a dangerous goshawk predator as part of her personal recovery.
Life cycle : classroom activities for helping children live with daily change and loss
The dead wife's handbook
Grief : the mourning after : dealing with adult bereavement
Crying shame : metaculture, modernity, and the exaggerated death of lament
Sworn secret : a novel
The last winter of Dani Lancing
The fall of a sparrow : a novel
Sing in the morning, cry at night
The sunlit night
Falling man : a novel
The sky is everywhere
Told in silence
Loss and bereavement : managing change
The program
Summary: On the boundaries of autobiography, death and writing.
After you
On the broken shore
The many faces of bereavement : the nature and treatment of natural, traumatic, and stigmatized grief
The new black : mourning, melancholia and depression
An early interaction music therapy model
The dog, Ray
100 poems to see you through : bright words for the darkest hours
Places of the heart : memorials in Australia
The five ways we grieve : finding your personal path to healing after the death of a loved one
The remedy
Teardrop
Can I tell you a secret?
The grand journey of Mr. Man
Me after you : a true story about love, loss and other disasters
Falling out of time
Are you sad, Little Bear? : a book about learning to say goodbye
Too much happiness
Smoke gets in your eyes : and other lessons from the crematorium
Men coping with grief
Aspects of grief : bereavent in adult life
Who enjoys listening to sad music and why?
The saddest king
Sacred
Days of awe : a novel
Nora Webster : a novel
Social work theory and practice with the terminally ill
The wish puppy
The view on the way down
The flask
Working with grieving and traumatized children and adolescents : discovering what matters most through evidence-based, sensory interventions
Seventeen-year-old Corrine's ability to read people's physio-electricity seems to have brought about her sister's death, but a new friend, Rennick, thinks it might actually be a sixth sense that can be controlled
February
H Is for hawk
The end of days
The snow child
'Hero' Alby flails wildly against the world around him - he punches his sister (she deserved it), "unprotectos" broads (they deserved it and liked it), gets drunk and picks fights (all deserved), defends defenseless creatures both large and small, and spews insults at children, slow drivers, old ladies, and every single surviving member of his family. In each of these stories Alby distills the anguish, the terror, the humor, and the strange grace - or lack of - he experiences in the aftermath of his mother's death. Swirling at the center of Alby's rage is a grief so big, so profound, it might swallow him whole. As he drinks, screws, and jokes his way through his pain and heartache, Alby's anger, his kindness, and his capacity for good bubble up when he (and we) least expect it. Sumell delivers "a naked rendering of a heart sorting through its broken pieces to survive".
