http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17931 surrogate birth
surrogate birth
International surrogacy arrangements : legal regulation at the international level
Gender, mobility and citizenship in Asia
Dear thing
"Markets are important forms of social and economic organization. They allow vast numbers of people, most of whom never meet, to cooperate together in a system of voluntary exchange... The noted philosopher Debra Satz takes a skeptical view of markets, pointing out that free markets are not always a force for good. The idea of free exchange of child labor, human organs, reproductive services, weapons, life saving medicines, and addictive drugs, strike many as toxic to human values. She asks: What considerations ought to guide the debates about such markets? ...Satz develops a broader and more nuanced view of markets whereby they not only allocate resources and incomes, but shape our culture, foster or thwart human development, and create and support structures of power--Provided by publisher.
International commercial surrocacy : a human rights law perspective
Ethnographies of breastfeeding : cultural contexts and confrontations
Wombs in labor : transnational commercial surrogacy in India
Assisted reproduction across borders : feminist perspectives on normalizations, disruptions and transmissions
Bodies for sale : ethics and exploitation in the human body trade
The online world of surrogacy
The heartbreaking true story of a young, troubled mother who needed help. The sixteenth fostering memoir by Cathy Glass. It s a big, exciting moment for Laura when she decides to finally take her new baby out to the school playground for the first time ever. What should be a happy, magical moment quickly sours, however, when Laura suddenly feels queasy and runs off back home. None of the other schoolyard mothers seem to notice this troubled, struggling woman apart from Cathy. But when Cathy tries to help, she finds herself hitting wall after wall. Laura needs medical help but refuses to see a doctor. Her own cold mother refuses to help. It is left to Cathy to try and bring light to this dark and dangerous place.
Gaia succeeds in leading her people to Wharfton and the Enclave, but rebellion there threatens them all just when everything they have dreamed of seems to be at hand.
Promised
Why some things should not be for sale : the moral limits of markets
Artificial reproduction and reproductive rights
The silent cry : alone, there is nothing Kim can do as her mother's mental health spirals out of control
The ethics of commercial surrogate motherhood : brave new families?
Medical law : text, cases, and materials
When the bough breaks
The memory keeper's daughter
Origins of love
Discounted life : the price of global surrogacy in India
Surrogate motherhood : a worldwide view of the issues
