http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17933 language samples
language samples
Banter in the English dialogue of The Full Monty and its Finnish subtitles
The purity of kingship : an edition of CHT 569 and related Hittite oracle inquiries of Tuthaliya IV
Papers on English language testing in Scandinavia
Rude behaviour from a politeness theory perspective : an analysis of "Who's afraid of Virginia Woolf?"
The languages of the world
Linguistic variation of Alex's utterances in the play A Clockwork Orange 2004 and its Finnish translation
A handbook of varieties of English
Zyrian texts
Peko : setu rahvuseepos = setukaiseepos = the Setu epic
Finnish summary.
Implicitness in advertisements : a pragmalinguistic study
Cambridge certificate of proficiency in English. 2, [Student's book] with answers
Ashābu 'l-kähf : a treatise in eastern Turki
Colloquial Tamil : the complete course for beginners
The notion of liminality in constructing destination images about the Caribbean on the UK package holiday market : case study: Airtours, British Airways Holidays and Kuoni
MLA handbook for writers of research papers
Linguistic fieldwork
A collection of tarkhan yarlïqs from the khanate of Khiva
Essential words for the TOEFL
Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English. 3 : for updated exam : student's book with answers
A comparative study on arguments in English and Finnish advertisements
Cambridge IELTS. 6, Student's book with answers
Kamchadal texts collected by W. Jochelson
Näytteitä uralilaisista kielistä = The Uralic languages, examples of contemporary usage. 2, Viron kirjakieli = Estonian, the literary language
Keynote speeches from the Sixth Inuit Studies Conference, Copenhagen, October 1988
THE LANGUAGES OF THE WORLD
Ostyak texts in the Obdorsk dialect
How does Sports Illustrated write about female and male athletes ? : a systemic functional analysis
Concise compendium of the world's languages
Contrastive study of personal advertisements in American and Finnish newspapers with special reference to meaning and explicitness of utterances
Legends of the Longhouse
Cambridge IELTS. 8, Student's book with answers
Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English. 2 : for updated exam: student's book with answers
Two-channeled communication : the effect of modes of spoken text on role-playing game translation
Materials on Forest Enets, an indigenous language of northern Siberia
Handbook of Middle English : grammar and texts
The Saami languages : an introduction
Gangsta! : footnotes in the Finnish translation of Kody Scott's Monster
Intellectual culture of the Caribou Eskimos ; Iglulik and Caribou Eskimo texts
The languages of the world : new edition
Syrjaenica : narratives, folklore and folk poetry from eight dialects of the Komi language. Vol. 1, Upper Izhma, Lower Ob, Kanin Peninsula, Upper Jusva, Middle Inva, Udora
Anglicisms in the annual reports of selected Finnish exchange-listed companies
A grammar of Orkhon Turkic
Erzya chastushka - vanishing or changing oral tradition?
Comparable sample texts of Surgut Khanty  in 1996 and 2008
Texts of Nenets songs in A. O. Väisänen's "Samojedische Melodien"
The official guide to the new TOEFL iBT
Lushootseed Alphabet
Corporate images and ideology : linguistic and visual features in company brochures
Yurak chrestomathy
The linguist in the field : Kai Donner's collections from Siberian languages
What makes it feminine or masculine? : a case study on gender differences in translation
'Abstract versus non-abstract information' : - textual dimension in the pro gradu theses of English philology students
A grammar of Skolt Saami
"Does the protocol require handshaking?" : the validity of metaphors in the terminology of electronic communication
Language development in Alice Walker's novel The color purple and its Finnish translation
American-Finnish material in the Finnish language tape archives
The Yukaghir and the Yukaghirized Tungus
Southern Irish English : review and exemplary texts
Guiding the reader : the use of metatext in master's theses written in English
Cambridge IELTS. 5, Student's book with answers
Skolt Saami is an Eastern Saami language within the Uralic family. This grammar presents an overview of the phonology, morphology and syntax of Skolt Saami, paying particular attention to its highly complex morphophonological and inflectional systems. Insight into the structure of Skolt Saami discourse is provided by four glossed texts. This grammar will serve as an important tool for theoretical linguists and typologists as well as resource for the language community and others interested in Saami languages.
A Western Khalkha benediction for a new round tent
Testing spoken language : a handbook of oral testing techniques
Udmurt texts
Cambridge certificate of proficiency in English. 1, [Student's book] with answers
Cambridge Certificate in Advanced English. 1 : for updated exam : student's book with answers
Contemporary Germany : essays and texts on politics, economics, and society
Uzbek texts from Afghan Turkestan : with glossary
The Netsilik Eskimos : social life and spiritual culture
