http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17912 regional geography
regional geography
Urban and regional models in geography and planning
How maps work : representation, visualization, and design
Innovation pressure : reflections on my PhD studies
Geographical information systems and dynamic models : development and application of a prototype spatial modelling language
The languages of the world
Some visions of geography
Geography of the world
The Middle East : a geographical study
Nations in transit 2002 : civil society, democracy, and markets in East Central Europe and the Newly Independent States
The nine nations of North America
Regional geography of the United states and Canada
A regional geography of the United States and Canada : toward a sustainable future
NGP yearbook 2007 : the changing cultural geographies of place, region and mobility
In the nature of landscape : cultural geography on the Norfolk Broads
Eastern and southern Africa : development challenges in a volatile region
Concepts and regions in geography
Regional input-output analysis
Institutions and the geography of innovation : a regional perspective
World regions in global context : peoples, places, and environments
Taita Hills and Kenya, 2004 : seminars, reports and journal of a field expedition to Kenya
The world today : concepts and regions in geography
The use of multivariable methods in regional geographical analysis
The aim of this article is to answer the question, "What are the prerequisites for the success of Finland's regions and smaller areas, when barriers to trade are being lowered and Finland is integrated into the international economy?" The answer is based on a study where regional success factors are defined primarily on the basis of Porter's concept of "the competitive advantage of nations." Empirical findings and observations on the most important locational factors of industrial firms in the modern regional economy add to this definition. The success factors are grouped into two blocks: (1) economic activities (five variables), and (2) locational factors of industrial firms (eight variables). Both blocks of variables are analysed with the help of principal components analysis. On the basis of the regional values produced by the first principal component of both blocks, the regions and small economic areas are grouped into four categories that represent their respective competitive advantage. This is done by means of cluster analysis.Uusimaa, the southernmost region of Finland that includes the capital city Helsinki, is in the best position and has the best prerequisites for success. The next regions are Southwest Finland with its main centre Turku and the Tampere region (Pirkanmaa). South Ostrobothnia, North Karelia, South Savo, and Central Ostrobothnia have the weakest prerequisites of all nineteen regions. The disparities within the regions are often considerable. The core area of the region is generally in the best position. After the Helsinki area, the small economic areas of Turku, Tampere, Oulu, and Jyväskylä are in a good position, followed by Vaasa, Kuopio, Lahti, and Pori. Related studies carried out in the latter part of the 1990s confirm these results almost without exception. The results suggest that the polarisation of Finland's regional economy continues. The new national regional development program, approved by the Finnish government for the period 2001-2006, supports this view of the future.
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Dragons and tigers : a geography of South, East and Southeast Asia
Fundamentals of world regional geography
Western Europe : geographical perspectives
Foundation papers in landscape ecology
"Anyone interested in learning about geographic concepts will appreciate this concise book that highlights the most important concepts. The fifth edition presents authoritative content, currency, and outstanding cartography. It continues to build on its strength for understanding maps with the help of additional question types. New coauthor Jan Nijman also helps provide a current view of the field. With its up-to-date information and accessible introduction, this book is engaging for any reader."--
Rural geography : An introductory survey
Climatic sensitivity of hydrology and carbon exchanges in boreal peatland ecosystems, with implications on sustainable management of reed canary grass (Phalaris arundinacea, L.) on cutaway peatlands
Regional and urban economics
Anglo-America : a regional geography
Regional geography of the United States and Canada
Spatial organization : the geographer's view of the world
Political geography : world-economy, nation-state and locality
Political geography
Co-operation as a tool for border area development : two cases from the European North
Natural and human environment of Poland : a geographical overview
Places and regions in global context : human geography
Central and South-Eastern Europe 2004
Regional identity and image in re-scaling of the regions
World regional geography. Saunders Map-Pak to accompany World regional geography
The territories of the Russian Federation : 2002.
Europeanization of national planning systems : a phronetic study
Harm de Blij's geography book : a leading geographer's fresh look at our changing world
Fundamentals of world regional Geography
Geography of North Korea and its future
The United States and Canada : a regional geography
Africa : a social, economic and political geography of its major regions
Globalization and African economics
An intermediate geography
Australia's Southwest and Our Future
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
The paradigm of locational competition
The territories of the Russian Federation 2004.
Geography of the world's major regions
Spatiotemporal Aspects of Environmental Monitoring in the Complex Coastal Region of Southwest Finland
An introduction to rural geography
"Spatial socialization" : understanding the state effect geographically
The new regional map of Europe
Essentials of world regional geography
An introduction to regional geography
The use of multi-variable methods in regional geographical analysis
A world regional geography : the new global order
Research reports
Der Mensch und die Tragfähigkeit seines Lebenraumes : Probleme der Raumordnung = [Man and the load capacity of his living area : problems of area planning = L'homme et la capacité de son espace vital : problèmes de l'aménagement du territoire]
The geography of finance : spatial dimensions of intermediary behaviour
Animal encounters as experiences : animal-based tourism in the travel magazine Matkalehti
Assessing the cultural potential of ecological sanitation in improving waste management and food security in The Taita Hills, Kenya
World regional geography : the new global order
Student world atlas
Regional worlds : advancing the geography of regions
India and Pakistan : a general and regional geography
Tibet : a land of ancient dreams and modern realities
Politics and geographic relationships : toward a new focus
Estimation of greenhouse gas balance for forestry-drained peatlands
Contemporary world regional geography : global connections, local voices
The geography of economic activity
The competitive advantage of regions and small economic areas. The case of Finland
The geography, birds, and mammals of the Perry River region
Mapping workbook and study guide for World regional geography
Portrait of South Transdanubia : a region in transition
Encountering the changing Barents : research challenges and opportunities
World regional geography : global patterns, local lives
Geography : realms, regions and concepts
Diversity amid globalization : world regions, environment, development
Frontiers of geography : the 20th anniversary of partnership between the Eötvös Loránd Tudományegetem, Budapest and the Ruprecht-Karls-Universität, Heidelberg
Coasts and seas of the United Kingdom. Region 12, Wales: Margam to Little Orme
Lowlands in high perspective - marshlands, mainports and more ... : report on the XI Annual EGEA Congress in Nunspeet, The Netherlands, October 3rd to 10th, 1999
Uig : a Hebridean parish. Parts 3 and 4
World regional geography : global patterns, local lives : without subregions
The state of the world atlas
Inclusion, exclusion and territorial identities : the meanings of boundaries in the globalizing geopolitical landscape
World regional geography : a question of place
Political geography : recent advances and future directions
The problem of the development of the north between the wars : some reflections of Väinö Tanner's human geography
The regional geography of Canada
Residential area and health : a study of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966
Geography of Japan
Cengage Learning's FUNDAMENTALS OF WORLD REGIONAL GEOGRAPHY brings course concepts to life with interactive learning, study, and exam preparation tools along with comprehensive text content for one semester/quarter courses. Whether you use a traditional printed text or all digital MindTap alternative, it's never been easier to better understand the eight world regions, including the historical, cultural, economic, political, and physical aspects that create regional unity, give them personality, and make them newsworthy.
The geographer's art
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
World regional geography
International geographical congress = Congrès international de géographie. Estonia : regional studies
Regions, borders and identity in a relational and territorial world
A key concern in the debate and empirical research on the geography of regions is the evolution of the conceptualizations and practical uses of the idea of ʻregionʼ. This idea prioritises both the intellectual and the practical development of regional studies. This book drives the discussion further. It stresses the complex forms of agency/advocacy involved in the production and reproduction of regional spaces and space of regionalism as well as the importance of geohistory and context. The book moves beyond the territorial/relational divide that has characterized debates on regions and regional borders since the 1990s. The contributors answer key questions from different conceptual and concrete-contextual angles and to motivate readers to reflect on the perpetual significance of regional concepts and how they are mobilized by various actors to maintain or transform the contested spatialities of societal power relations.
The politics of European Union regional policy : Multi-level governance of flexible gatekeeping?
Student atlas of world geography
City-Region building and geohistorical matters : new new localism and the new new regionalism
Geography : people and places in a changing world
Retail geography
Human geography : places and regions in global context
Rural geography
Geographical information systems and science
A review on new tools of regional development  : what are they and why studying them matters?
Finland : nature, society, and regions
