http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17922 term fees
term fees tuition fees
Quality and efficiency in education : proceedings of a workshop organised by the European Commission
This volume examines tuition fees as the most prominent and most visible trend among higher education policies that embodies recent neo-liberal trends in the policy area of education. Tuition fee policies and the accompanying provisions for student support illustrate the contemporary tensions between marketisation and social justice. Among the major transformations higher education systems have undergone in the last two decades, the emergence of marketisation, and in particular the introduction of tuition fees, has received a lot of attention. In Europe, these trends seemingly break with a long-dominant representation of higher education as a public good, which has been at the centre of the process of massification of higher education access in most European countries since the 1960s. Against this background, the volume examines recent changes in tuition fee policies in a number of Western European countries, Canada, the USA and China, and investigates the impacts of these changes on access to higher education. There are two main contributions the volume makes: first, it provides an overview of recent reforms in a comparative perspective, including a diverse range of national contexts; second, it elaborates a systematic analysis of tuition fee policies' rationales, instruments and outcomes in terms of access to higher education. The volume argues that tuition fee policies provide fruitful grounds to explore the variety of neo-liberal trends in higher education - that is, how marketisation and concerns regarding social justice are intertwined in contemporary higher education systems.
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) and their English-taught degree programmes together in cooperation on entrance examinations and in broader terms, on development of international education in Finland. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed from various angles in the articles. Overall, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Consuming higher education : why learning can't be bought
Hard questions on global educational change : policies, practices, and the future of education
The Finnish Network for International Programmes (FINNIPS) joins the majority of the Finnish Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) together in cooperation over the development of international education in Finland. The main task of the network is to arrange the entrance exams to the UASs’ English-taught degree programmes in a selection of countries outside Finland. However, along with the various development activities conducted within the network since its establishment at the end of 2009, the role of FINNIPS can be seen to stretch beyond the entry stage of studies. The network’s second publication is a cross-section of the various themes and on-going discussions that shape and affect the role and functions of international degree programmes in Finnish UASs. The topics regarding the quality and economic impact of education as well as the employment and social integration of the foreign higher education students are addressed in the articles of this publication. The wide array of themes dealt with in the articles contributes to the quest to acknowledge the various dimensions and effects of international education in Finland. Furthermore, the publication seeks to address the most topical questions and map the current challenges related to international UAS education and, at the same time, offer tools and accounts of best practices with regard to the further development of it.
Keeping foreign students interested in HAMK after the introduction of new tuition fees.
The future of Chinese students in Finnish University of Applied Sciences
Exploring the impact and full potential of international education : questions of competitiveness, employment and integration
Students, markets and social justice : higher education fee and student support policies in Western Europe and beyond
