http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17982 image transmission
image transmission
Iron Sky
Triple play : building the converged network for IP, VoIP and IPTV
The Martian chronicles
Ray Bradbury's The Martian chronicles
The technology of video and audio streaming
Evaluation of imaging in automated visual web inspection
The Fourier transform and its applications
Fundamentals of digital image processing
Kannas = [The Isthmus]
Introduction to data multicasting : [IP multicast streaming for audio and video media distribution]
Objects extraction and recognition for camera-based interaction : heuristic and statistical approaches
Digital alchemy : printmaking techniques for fine art, photography, and mixed media
Hospital-wide PACS : multimodal image analysis using ATM network
Hands-on guide to streaming media : an introduction to delivering on-demand media
RTP : audio and video for the Internet
Ceramics and print
Cameras and picture messaging services became part of mobile phone communication at the same time as digital cameras gained popularity in Finland in the early 2000’s. Snapshot photography has since undergone a transformation in technical and cultural terms. Snapshot photographers work on personal computers with image browsing, processing, and archiving software. Photos are viewed on camera, phone, and computer screens, and are shared on mobile messaging and internet sites. This thesis examines cameraphone photo use amongst users in Finland. It investigates cameraphone photographers’ notions of cameraphone photographs, of communicating with them, and of the technologies with which the photos are used. The thesis shows how cameraphone photos become meaningful through comparisons with analogue and digital photography and connections to mobile phone and internet communication. The study approaches photos not as visual texts but as data files. It draws on the social constructionist approach to technology studies, referring to literature on domestic photography, domestication studies of information and communication technologies, and the circuit of culture model. The study is based on the interviews, photos, and diaries of sixteen Finnish cameraphone and digital camera users of different ages.
"Whatever art you practice, chances are you're going to come across image transfer techniques. These valuable techniques allow you to reproduce a unique image from any source and apply it to a myriad of surfaces. The options are endless! Playing with Image Transfers is a beautiful and helpful resource that will teach you the four image transfer methods: Packing Tape, Solvent, Medium, and Acrylic transfers, while highlighting basic methods and offering projects across a range of interests and applications. You'll learn how to make beautiful items, including gift boxes, albums, sketchbook covers, wall art, accordion books, and much more. Once you've mastered the techniques, you'll also explore multiple surfaces as a base for transferring - wood, fabric, paper, canvas, and book forms. A beautiful gallery will show the use of image transfers in a wide variety of high-end artistic works to get your creative juices flowing. The "Considerations" in each chapter offer suggestions on how a single project can be expanded or further adapted if you're looking to challenge yourself past the basics. By the time you finish this informative book, you'll be well-equipped to use your own images in your creative work. "--
European vision and the South Pacific
Two-dimensional signal and image processing
Cowboy Bebop. Vol. 3
Digital image processing using MATLAB
Web video: making it great, getting it noticed
Mixed media techniques for successful transfers.
Digital radiography and PACS
Report on user needs and expectations for mobile stereo-video
The comparison of lossless compression methods in the case of a medical image database
Connecting photos : a qualitative study of cameraphone photo use
Video streaming and quality of service algorithm integration in 3G mobile networks
Image transfer on clay : screen, relief, decal & monoprint techniques
Imagery on fabric : a complete surface design handbook
The MPEG handbook : MPEG-1, MPEG-2, MPEG-4
Specification of information interfaces in PinView : deliverable D8.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
Video transmission in WLAN
Image transfer workshop
Using geo-intelligence to improve video data robustness in DVB-T2 systems
Ray Bradbury's The martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 1
Playing with image transfers : exploring creative imagery for use in art, mixed media, and design
Video over IP : a practical guide to technology and applications
Generative modeling for maximizing precision and recall in information visualization
The last layer : new methods in digital printing for photography, fine art and mixed media
Cowboy Bebop : shooting star. Volume 2
Image processing, analysis and machine vision
Packet video : modelling and signal processing
Cowboy Bebop : Shooting star. Volume 2
Video processing and communications
Peer-to-peer video : the economics, policy, and culture of today's new mass medium
Processing and compression of raster map images
Definition of enriched relevance feedback in PicSOM : deliverable D1.3.1 of FP7 project no 216529 PinView
Video over IP : IPTV, Internet video, H.264, P2P, web RV, and streaming : a complete guide to understanding the technology
Completely self-contained-and heavily illustrated-this introduction to basic concepts and methodologies for digital image processing is written at a level that truly is suitable for seniors and first-year graduate students in almost any technical discipline. The leading textbook in its field for more than twenty years, it continues its cutting-edge focus on contemporary developments in all mainstream areas of image processing-e.g., image fundamentals, image enhancement in the spatial and frequency domains, restoration, color image processing, wavelets, image compression, morphology, segmentation, image description, and the fundamentals of object recognition. It focuses on material that is fundamental and has a broad scope of application.
get streaming! : quick steps to delivering audio and video online
Remote Sensing of Medium Voltage Grid: Case Elenia
French colonial documentary : mythologies of humanitarianism
Image transfer protocols for smartphones
Ray Bradbury's the Martian chronicles : the authorized adaptation
Colonial art in Mexico
Digital processing of biomedical images
The black heart
Techniques for signaling and service discovery in DVB-H networks
Next generation IPTV services and technologies
River Queen
Performance analysis of a wireless presentation system in a Symbian environment
Wireless control system for industrial robot
This is my dump truck
The MXF book
Hands-On Guide to Flash Video : Web Video and Flash Media Server
A prequel to the film by the same name, this tells the origin of how Nazis ended up on the Moon and of their subsequent return to Earth years in the future.
Video conferencing over IP : configure, secure, and troubleshoot
CCD arrays, cameras and displays
Baroque and Rococo in Latin America
