http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1797 residence
residence housing conditions
Introduction to housing
Families residing in Kallio : a choice?
Japan living : form and function at the cutting edge
Assimilated individuals and segregated communities : a comparative study of housing and living related well-being of Finnish roma and housed gypsies and travellers in England
Living & working in New Zealand : a survival handbook
Housing, theory and society
Zashiki : the Japanese house
Housing the workers, 1850-1914 : a comparative perspective
This book challenges the concept of wellbeing as applied to children, particularly in a school-based context. Taking a post-structural approach, it suggests that wellbeing should be understood, and experiences revealed, at the level of the subjective child. This runs counter to contemporary accounts that reduce children's wellbeing to objective lists of things that are needed in order to live well. This book will be useful for academics and practitioners working directly with children, and anyone interested in children's wellbeing.
Housing and social policy
Conquering nature and engaging with the environment in the Russian industrialised North
Family troubles? : exploring changes and challenges in the family lives of children and young people
Housing and planning in Finland : [asuntoasiain vuosikirja] = Asumistaso. 1993
Creating a 3D Model of a Building
Married to a bedouin
The story of castles
Energy consumption in households
Rabbit Hill
Housing policy and tenures in Sweden : the quest for neutrality
Liminality in paradise : a study in utopianism at the Punta Mona community
Tribe : adventures in a changing world
Abstract.
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Joensuu forestry networking week 2012 : green growth based on forests – New Wooden Products and Construction : Final Report
Asumistaso 1998-1999 = Housing and planning in Finland 1998-1999
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Exploring the use of lean thinking and six sigma in public housing authorities
Housing in the Northern countries
Net migration in London : evidence of ethnic deconcentration
The encyclopedia of housing
Time running out for Beijing's hutongs
An Analysis of an Online Purchasing Service for the Overseas Chinese
Protecting housing rights in Nigeria : the role of NGOs
A city through time
Housing and family wealth : comparative international perspectives
Housing construction
Dynamic environmental indicators for smart homes:assessing the role of home energy management systems in achieving decarbonisation goals in the residential sector
Buildings and free-time residences
A property-owning democracy? : housing in Britain
Out of it
Housing and personal values
Self-help housing : a critique
Living abroad in Spain
Green building business : target country: India
The last American man
Good Nordic housing
Asunto-osakeyhtiöiden taloustilasto = Statistic on the finances of housing corporation. 2003.
Housing. Volume 2, Subsidies and transactions
Cabin at Singing River
Large housing estates in Warsaw, Poland : opinions of residents on recent developments
Second home tourism in Finland : perceptions of citizens and municipalities on the state and development of second home tourism
Rethinking housing law
Prices of dwellings in housing companies
Asumistaso 1998-1999 = Housing and planning in Finland
The Finland in Figures publication is a compact information package that presents Finland in various ways and also contains international comparison data. The publication is like a visiting card for those needing information about Finland and it can be handed out in both domestic and international contexts.
Adrift : a secret life of London's waterways
Living abroad in Italy
Changes in the household structure of the Finnish elderly by age, sex and educational attainment in 1987–2035
Smart homes : design, implementation and issues
The development of housing in Scotland
The ant colony
Technologies for ambient assisted living : ambient communication and indoor positioning
The romans : gods, emperors and dormice
City
Presents the first global assessment of slums, emphasizing their problems and prospects. This book presents estimates of the number of urban slum dwellers and examines the factors at all level, from local to global, that underlie the formation of slums as well as their social, spatial and economic characteristics and dynamics.
'Legal empowerment of the poor' versus ''Right to the city' : implications for access to housing in urban Africa
Social housing in Denmark
That summer at Hill Farm
Dwellings and housing conditions
Social Housing = Viviendas sociales-V.P.O
Everyday living environments of elderly persons : research on flat apartment housing of persons 70 years of age and more in Hämeenlinna and in Tampere
Do-it-yourself home energy audits : 1401 simple solutions to lower energy costs, increase your home's efficiency, and save the environment
Fyrtiotalets svenska bostad = Swedish housing of the 'forties
Gone with the wind? ; immigrant women and transnational everyday life in Finland
Housing for people of all ages : flexible, unrestricted, senior-friendly
Asumistaso 2000-2001 = Housing and planning in Finland
Chinese immigrants to Finland : a qualitative study of housing, employment, access to health care and child care as sociological dimensions in their settlement process
A street through time
Roma and traveller inclusion in Europe. : green questions and answers
Rural housing in Tanzania : report on a prestudy
Enhancing health resources among older people in the community using a salutogenesis-based intervention programme
The integrative design guide to green building : redefining the practice of sustainability
Constructing residence as home : homeowners and their housing histories
Ageing in place:potentials and restrictions – a case study of the living environment for older people in Oulu
Housing
Housing and neighborhoods : theoretical and empirical contributions
Lehmuskoti dementia unit : towards the symptoms-relieving environment
A farm through time
Carers' Viewpoint on Residential Practice : Experiences from Kuninkaantie Residential Unit
Design for aging : 1992 review
Meaningful life and survival in urban poverty : an ethnographic study on the dimensions of deprivation and anxiety and the coping strategies of a group of cooperative workers in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
My life in houses
The town with no twin
Walking, physical activity and life-space mobility among older people
Medieval & Renaissance interiors in illuminated manuscripts
The challenge of interior design : The professional value and opportunities
Lessons from Madame Chic : 20 stylish secrets I learned while living in Paris
Housing policy : an international bibliography
Asumistaso = Housing and planning in Finland. 2000-2001
Life and living in low energy houses : study of technical solutions in low energy houses, satisfaction, lifestyle and changes for the residents
Parents, children and their families : living arrangements of old people in the XIX century, Sundsvall region, Sweden
Pain, persistence of pain and analgesic use in community-dwelling older Finns
Hong Kong : the complete residents' guide
Housing economics and public policy
Living abroad in Japan
Chinese superblock : a study and design tools for sustainable urban housing development in China
Mobile augmented teleguidance-based safety navigation concept for senior citizens
Indices of owner-occupied housing prices
Housing. Volume 1, Forms of tenure
Agatha Christie at home
Housing research and design in Sweden : 22 researchers on housing design ; transl. from Swedish by James Codrington Forsyth
Live & work in the USA
The challenge of slums : global report on human settlements 2003
And the mountains echoed
'White Flight' in Finland? : a qualitative study into Finnish-born families' housing and school choices in Turku
The book addresses issues towards the design and development of Wireless Sensor Network based Smart Home and fusion of Real-Time Data for Wellness Determination of an elderly person living alone in a Smart Home. The fundamentals of selection of sensor, fusion of sensor data, system design, modelling, characterizations, experimental investigations and analyses have been covered. This book will be extremely useful for the engineers and researchers especially higher undergraduate, postgraduate students as well as practitioners working on the development of Wireless Sensor Networks, Internet of Things and Data Mining.
Japanese homes and their surroundings
How to live & work in Canada : a new life in Canada : all you need to know
HOMES IN HOT PLACES
A change of system: housing system transformation and neighbourhood change in Budapest
Living bridges : the inhabited bridge, past, present and future
Housing policy of the Philippines : responsiviness to the housing needs of low-income groups
Well-being in Finland: A comparison of municipalities and residential differentiation in two cities
There is ongoing concern as to whether ethnic communities in Great Britain are becoming increasingly spatially segregated. This paper uses data from the 2001 Census of Population to explore the relationship between ethnic net migration and ethnic population concentration in London, the capital city and main location of ethnic minority populations in the United Kingdom. The findings suggest that migration is acting as an agent of dispersal of non-White populations from areas of high ethnic concentration to areas of low ethnic concentration, whereas White migrants are leaving areas where they are underrepresented and moving to areas of over-representation..
Housing and economics : the american dilemma
Finland in figures 2016.
International Student and Youth Housing Conference : City Institute, Espoo, Finland, October 26-27, 1990
My Pooh playhouse : [a pop-up and play book]
Carersʼ viewpoint on residential practice: experiences from Kuninkaantie residential unit
Dubai : live, work, explore
Abstract: The objective of this thesis was to study the viewpoint of carers towards residential practice in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. Kuninkaantie Residential Unit is a residential unit for children and youngsters with disabilities in Espoo, Finland, which was opened in autumn   2010.   It offers temporary care for children and residential practice for youngsters. This final thesis was implemented by interviewing the carers of the youngsters in residential practice concerning both their experiences and expectations towards the service. The aim of this thesis was to gather material based on which the residential practice can be improved in Kuninkaantie Residential Unit. This thesis was a qualitative study and six interviews were carried out as thematic interviews at the intervieweesʼ homes. Tentative questions had been divided into themes based on theories. These themes were; Co-operation, quality of life, and independent life.  The results of the thesis show  that mainly positive thoughts rose from the experiences of the carers. Especially the staff members and their knowhow were appreciated. Still, the information flow and general co-operation had been marginal and there were many opinions concerning the need for them. Some thought that the official residential practice had not  yet started and there was a hope for a possibility of common meetings in the future. The carers wanted to approach the function of the residential unit gently as it had started to function just recently. The actual building was criticized by nearly all the interviewees as from their point of view it limits the possibilities to a great extent. Individuality and planning the actions based on individuality were highlighted. This thesis process shows the importance of co-operation and working closely with the carers in order to improve the service for youngsters with disabilities. The co-operation enables the youngster to have a successful residential practice period based on empowerment, which will in the end lead to equal and good quality of life.
Evicted : poverty and profit in the American city
Narrowboat nomads : living the dream on the English waterways
The human settlements situation in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan : country profile
The disintegration of the village organization of the Sea-Saames (Sea-Lapps) : an hypothesis
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
A logit model of intra-urban mobility
My house in Damascus : an inside view ot the Syrian revolution
A living lab facility on safety in homes among the elderly and elderly disabled : a literature review
Tiny house living : ideas for building and living well in less than 400 square feet
Studies on housing for Alaska natives
Processes of residential differentation in socialist cities : literature review on the cases of Budapest, Prague, Tallinn and Warsaw
HOMES IN COLD PLACES
Residential environments : choice, satisfaction, and behavior
Housing arrangements for disabled people in Finland and German Democratic Republic : proceedings of expert meeting at Hyvinkää, Finland, May 30-31, 1988
European Seminar on Social Aspects of Housing, Lepolampi (Finland) 16-26 August 1959 : report
London belongs to me
Asumistaso 2000-2001 = Housing and planning in Finland 2000-2001
Peter Kent's city across time
Residential demand for electric space heating in Finland 1975-1982
Innovative Houses : concepts for sustainable living
Housing and home management
The design of suburbia : a critical study in environmental history
Living & working in Italy : staying in Italy - all you need to know
Evaluation of the housing policy of the Philippines : is there an enabling approach?
"The challenge of urban deprivation and exclusion in the urban South has given rise to varied and shifting policies and ideas. Two sets of ideas have gained great currency in recent years in international policy and academic circles. The Legal Empowerment of the Poor approach, rooted in neoliberal thinking, focuses on the legal rights of the urban poor as the means to secure access to basic services and needs. The Right to the City perspective, on the other hand, stresses issues of citizenship and the appropriation and uses of urban space. This Policy Dialogue analyses the different ideological and normative foundations of the two perspectives and discusses how they lead to different policy formulations. It then takes a closer look at how the two perspectives find expression in contemporary discussions on and approaches to access to housing in urban Africa. To this end, it compares what each approach identifies as the source of the problem and recommends as the policy solution." --Publisher's description.
Differences in well-being are examined at two regional levels. First, variations in well-being are studied based on municipal statistics by three indices that represent different aspects of life. The examination shows that the most problematic areas are in eastern and northern Finland. Second, residential differentiation is examined in two metropolitan areas, Helsinki and Tampere, through two variables: families with children and residents with university education. Metropolitan Helsinki is divided into socially distinctive residential areas. Low levels of education and the threat of unemployment concentrate in the northern and eastern parts of the city. Such clear socio-economic differentiation cannot be found in Metropolitan Tampere.
Support for elderly clients to live at home via Caring TV
The economics of housing
Environmental gerontology : making meaningful places in old age
Why we build
New girl. the complete third season
Live and work in Dubai
Urban form and greenhouse gas emissions : summary
Improving the elderly's housing : a key to preserving the nation's housing stock and neighborhoods
The environmental brief : pathways for green design
Slow burn city : London in the twenty-first century
A social history of housing, 1815-1985
The gaia natural house book : creating a healthy and ecologically sound home
Should we build and live in houses or flats?
Alternative housing environments for the elderly in the information society : the Finnish experience
Hovels to high rise : state housing in Europe since 1850 : Anne Power
The optimal tax treatment of housing capital in the neoclassical growth model
Studies on owner-occupied housing, taxation and portfolio choice
The making of home
Stay abroad and foreign language users' identity construction
Flexibility and choice in housing
