http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p179 rumba (dance music)
rumba (dance music)
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 2.
Need to know? : Latin dancing
Latin devotion : ...from the Latin soul
South America, take it away! : 24 latin hits
Cowboy Rumba
Knowing the Gururumba
Cowboy rumba
Latin madness
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 2, 20th century
Super Latin. Vol. 2, 21 original Latin hits
Latin music : competitive and practice tracks. 3.
Dancebeat : Latin sensation
Miami latin : The best of latin music. Vol 23.
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 10, Hip hip chin chin
The latin tinge : the impact of Latin American music on the United States
Achilifunk /  Gipsy Soul 1969 - 1979
Super Latin : 22 original latin hits
Guitar quick licks. Rumba blues : style: Albert King : key: A.
The Joy of dancing : ballroom, latin and rock/jive for absolute beginners of all ages
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. [1]
Rumba jazz : a history of latin jazz and dance music :1919-1945
Siboney : rumba
Modern ballroom dancing
Brazil : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing : Karina, Dimitri
Giants of Latin : the Walter Laird Rhythms
The art of Latin drumming : a new approach to learn traditional Afro-Cuban and Latin American rhythms on drums : in English and Spanish
Vivo latino : best of latin music
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 16, "Everytime we touch"
Mardi Gras Mambo : Cubanismo in New Orleans : featuring John Boutté and The Yockamo All-Stars
Superhythm fun : 10 modern dances : Miniature dances for classroom instruments and voice
Dance attack!. 1, 16 original vocal recordings
Fire in the blood : giants of Latin
The next steps : the joy of dancing : ballroom, Latin and jive for social dancers af all ages
Latin American Rumba
That's danceable. Vol. 2, Latin
Diana habanera : or the rumba is called Chano
Giants of Latin : Rumbita Molana
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
Let's dance! : learn to swing, jitterbug, rumba, tango, line dance, lambada, cha-cha, waltz, two-step, foxtrot and salsa with style, grace and ease
World Dancesport Federation: rumba
Rumba blues : the mambo years
Ballroom favourites
Tiki Tiki : the best of Latin music : original hits for Latin dancing. Martino & Michelle
The ultimate... latin album 4 : original music for latin dancing. 4, Latin eyes
The best of Xavier Cugat
Latin aerobic workout
Christopher Norton's essential guide to Latin styles for keyboard
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 15, "The shadow of your smile"
A technique of advanced Latin-American figures
The Ultimate... latin album : original music for dancing and listening. 5, "Bang Bang"
Gipsy guitar : rumbas flamencas ... y mas : Rumba-Techniken der Flamenco-Gitarre = rumba-styles of the flamenco guitar
Conga drumming : beginner's guide to playing with time
The ultimate... latin album : original music for latin dancing. 3.
The ballroom dance pack
The Latin Tinge : the impact of Latin American Music on the United States
Ultra-lounge. Volume nine : Cha-cha de amor / From Mamboland to Bossa Novaville
From Afrocuban music to salsa
The Complete piano player solos : Fifteen popular pieces
Latin boogalú : original hits for latin dancing. Vol. 21.
Technique of latin dancing : Supplement - technique for the British Dance Council's appendix 1 (Latin) figures
The secrets of congolese drums :  14 exercises suitable for beginners and above
Dance to Boï bumba
Rumba collection
The hit sound of Xavier Cugat
Latein collection. 4
From Afrocuban music to salsa : book + cd
100 latin : C instruments
African bass bible : 28 excercises to develop yuor tone, phrasing and technique for african styles : suitable for beginners and upwards. Volume 1.
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
Latin nights : 44 tropical hits for Latin dancing
Fiesta for two : songs for latin lovers : original hits for latin dancing : Tonja & Ralf
The conga drummer's guidebook : Intermediate/advanced
World masters voice. 2, Standard and latin dances
10 Latin-jazz favorites : Book and CD for Bb, Eb and C instruments
Latin-American at its best : rumba
Luna do Brazil : the best of latin music
Around the world with Señor Coconut and His Orchestra
Latin boss : the centenary collection
Latin classics. Vol. 1.
25 top rumbas
The world of ballroom dance
