http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17974 oil refineries
oil refineries
The refinery of the future
This bachelor's thesis was commissioned by Neste Oil Corporation that is a leading supplier of the traffic fuels and lubricants in Finland. The aim was to do a preliminary study on the possible RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) technology application for  the Naantali's terminal. The main objective of this thesis was to improve the safety at the Naantali refinery's terminal area by using the RFID technology. The research has been limited to include only tank truck identification at the terminal area and the terminal parking lot. The challenge was to find a suitable RFID system for the demanding environment of the oil refinery. This thesis consists of the basics and operating principles of the RFID technology. Safety is a very important factor in oil refinery. The special requirements of the environment, such as possible explosive atmospheres and other safety issues have been taken into consideration in the study. Current operations at the terminal have been researched and taken into consideration when thinking about the RFID application. The recommendations for the RFID application have been made according to the requirements that have been recognized during the research. Two different system suppliers and their products have been suggested. Although, the final decision on the system can only be made after the field tests for the readers and tags. Conclusion of this research is that by implementing the RFID system the safety at the terminal can be improved and the system would also be financially and operationally beneficial to implement.
Technical note on the best available technologies to reduce emissions of pollutants into the air from the refining industry : final report
This book extensively covers the different types of biomass (e.g. molasses, sugar beet pulp, cheese whey, sugarcane residues, palm waste, vegetable oil, straws, stalks and wood), various pretreatment approaches (e.g. physical, thermal, chemical, physicochemical and biological) and methods that show the subsequent production of biofuels and chemicals such as sugars, ethanol, extracellular polysaccharides, biodiesel, gas and oil. In addition to traditional methods such as steam, hot-water, hydrothermal, diluted-acid, organosolv, ozonolysis, sulfite, milling, fungal and bacterial, microwave, ultrasonic, plasma, torrefaction, pelletization, gasification (including biogas) and liquefaction pretreatments, it also introduces and discusses novel techniques such as nano and solid catalysts, organic electrolyte solutions and ionic liquids. This book offers a review of state-of-the-art research and provides guidance for the future paths of developing pretreatment techniques of biomass for biofuels, especially in the fields of biotechnology, microbiology, chemistry, materials science and engineering.
Application of RFID technology in terminal operations of an oil refinery : Neste Oil Corporation
Visit sunny Chernobyl : and other adventures in the world's most polluted places
Pretreatment techniques for biofuels and biorefineries
Trends in oil discharged with aqueous effluents from oil refineries in Europe : 1997 survey
Sulphur dioxide emissions from oil refineries and combustion of oil products in Western Europe and Hungary (2002)
Techno-economic study on the reduction measures, based on best available technology, of water discharges and waste generation from refineries
A child of the Cold War : Soviet crude, American technology and national interests in the making of Finnish oil refining
HInt : oil refinery incidents
Ketteli people and the oil refinery : an empirical study of attitude formation and change
As feedstocks to refineries change, there must be an accompanying change in refinery technology. This means a movement from conventional means of refining heavy feedstocks using (typically) coking technologies to more innovative processes that will coax the last drips of liquid fuels from the feedstock. This book presents the evolution of refinery processes during the last century and as well as the means by which refinery processes will evolve during the next three-to-five decades. Chapters contain material relevant to (1) comparisons of current feedstocks with heavy oil and bio-feedstocks; (2) evolution of refineries since the 1950s, (3) properties and refinability of heavy oil and bio-feedstocks, (4) thermal processes vs. hydroprocesses, and (5) evolution of products to match the environmental market. Process innovations that have influenced refinery processing over the past three decades are presented, as well as the relevant patents that have the potential for incorporation into future refineries.-- back cover.
Technical analysis of stripping technology for sulphur-contaminated wastewater in the oil refinery
Biorefinery co-products : phytochemicals, primary metabolites and value-added biomass processing
Methodology for utilising prior knowledge in constructing data-based process monitoring systems with an application to a dearomatisation process
