http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17999 metafiction
metafiction
Travels in the scriptorium
Eroticism, ethics and reading : Angela Carter in dialogue with Roland Barthes
In the country of lost writers : aspects of metafiction in the works of Paul Auster
Elizabeth Costello : eight lessons
Down the comic route : a study on metafiction and humour in Kate Atkinson's Emotionally weird: a comic novel
Last Night in Twisted River
This handbook in English provides a systematic overview of the present state of international research in narratology. Detailed individual studies by internationally renowned narratologists elucidate 34 central terms. The articles present original research contributions and are all structured in a similar manner. Each contains a concise definition and a detailed explanation of the term in question, and then in a main section they present a critical account of the major research positions and their historical development and indicate directions for future research; they conclude with selected bibliographical references. An online version acting as a commentary is planned with a time-lag after the citable printed version. Regular additions and updates of the handbook will keep abreast of the continuing developments in the discourse of narratology.
Satin Island : a novel
The 13-storey treehouse
Finnish summary.
A widow for one year
The museum of innocence
From individualism to partnership : metanarratives in Finnish adaptations of Robinson Crusoe
"When we first meet U., the narrator of SATIN ISLAND, he is sitting in the airport at Turin, caught in a delay caused by a rogue airplane. Like everyone else in the waiting area, he is sifting through airport pages on his laptop, and then through news sites, social pages, corridors of trivia...until he happens to stumble on information about an image on a famous shroud in Turin. The image itself isn't even visible on the shroud; it only emerged when some amateur photographer looked at the negative of a shot he'd taken and saw the figure--Christ's body supine after crucifixion. Only in the negative: the negative became a positive. A few decades later when the shroud was radiocarbon dated, it turned out to come from no later than the mid-thirteenth century. But that didn't trouble the believers. Things like that never do. A "corporate ethnographer," U. is tasked with writing the Great Report. Yet at every turn, U. finds himself overwhelmed by the ubiquity of data, lost in a buffer zone and wandering through a crowd of apparitions. Meanwhile, Madison, the woman he is seeing, becomes increasingly elusive, much like the particulars in the case of the recent, highly-publicized parachutist's death, with which U. is obsessed. He also develops a perverse interest in oil spills, spending great amounts of time watching loops of clean up videos. As U. begins to wonder if perhaps the Great Report will remain a shapeless, oozing plasma, his senses are reawakened by an ominous dream of an apocalyptic cityscape. SATIN ISLAND is a novel that captures the way we experience the world today, our efforts to find meaning, to stay awake, and discern the narratives we think of as our lives"--
The majestic
Metafiction
Game poetics : metafiction and irony (in light of John Irving's The world according to Garp)
Muriel Spark's Loitering with intent as metafiction
The fiction of Alasdair Gray and the question of Scottishness
The 39-storey treehouse
The 65-storey treehouse
Some aspects of theme in William Golding's The papermen
Twice-told Tales : intertextual dialogue with American romanticism in Paul Auster's fiction - with special reference to Poe, Hawthorne and Melville
Elsinore critically revisited : multifarious appearance of parody in Tom Stoppard's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead
Adaptation. Minun versioni
An innocence well lost : the problematization of history writing in John Barth's The sot-weed factor
Metafiction : the theory and practice of self-conscious fiction
The help
The 26-storey treehouse
Last night in twisted river : a novel
The broom of the system
The unresolvable plot : reading contemporary fiction
The poetics, aesthetics, and philosophy of narrative
The keep
Infinite ground
"The times they are a-changin'" : afterword on metaliterarylayers in Finnish literature
Tropes for the past : Hayden White and the history/literature debate
Sweet tooth
The truth about the Harry Quebert affair
"'Mr : Trout,' I said, 'I am a novelist, and I created you for use in my books.' 'Pardon me?' He said.", or, Metafiction as a methodical approach to literature: an examination of Kilgore Trout as a metafictional character in Kurt Vonnegut's fiction
(Hi)stories re-visioned : historiographic metafiction in Angela Carter's short stories
Double play : identity, status and refinement in the self-reflexive popular literature in Finland in the 1910s and 1920s
The meaning of metafiction : a critical study of selected novels by Sterne, Nabokov, Barth and Beckett
Singin' in the rain
Autobiographical problematics in Kurt Vonnegut's Timequake
How picturebooks work
The thirteenth tale
Fan fiction and fan communities in the age of the Internet : new essays
Beyond the epic and the novel : literary tradition and the impossibility in Hannu Salama's Finlandia
The historical novel
Handbook of narratology
Metaliterary layers in Finnish literature
A poetics of postmodernism : history, theory, fiction
Identifying the story-teller in John Irving's The world according to Garp
"I got to tell ypu a story" : metafictional features in Finnish young adult fiction in the 1980s and 1990s
The story-shaped world : fiction and metaphysics : some variations on a theme
From out of the city
n the summer of 1935, 13-year-old Briony Tallis wildly misinterprets the relationship between her sister Cecilia and Robbie Turner, childhood friends home from Cambridge. So when her young cousin is assaulted, Briony gives in to her hyperactive imagination and blames the atrocity on Robbie. It is a terrible decision that alters lives and fills Briony with an everlasting sense of guilt / WorldCat.
Playing with trash : attitudes of frustration and liberation in the short stories of Donald Barthelme
Shylock is my name
The prisoner of heaven
The three
The Gothic in contemporary interactive fictions
Elusive subjects : biography as gendered metafiction
The baby of Mâcon
Beyond metafiction : self-consciousness in Soviet literature
Aesthetics : critical concepts in philosophy. Vol. 2, Aesthetic theory
Possible worlds in literary theory
The Ice cream man
Fabulation and metafiction
The hours
The tragical comedy or comical tragedy of mr. Punch
Metafictional games in the fiction of Antero Viinikainen
Erotographic metafication : aesthetic strategies and ethical statements in John Hawke's "Sex trilogy"
Invisible
Redshirts
The kills
Russian postmodernist metafiction
Genre theory matters : criteria for defining and classifying genres and a typology of historical novels and other narrative genres
Imaginative, immersive and interactive engagements : the rhetoric of worldbuilding in contemporary speculative fiction
The writeable woman : metafiction and gender in Margaret Atwood's The edible woman
When beginning is difficult: the 'happy twenties' and metafictionality in the parodies of Fiikuksen varjossa
