http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17977 election systems
election systems
The people's representatives : electoral systems in the Asia-Pacific region
Electoral systems : a world-wide comparative study
This Current African Issue gives an overview of the causes and experiences of electionrelated violence in relation to patronage politics in Ghana. Ghana has been framed b ythe international community as a unique bastion of democracy and peace on the African continent. Nevertheless, the country has come from a military regime like many of its democratic African counterparts and is still prone to some of the problems faced by its more turbulent neighbours. The three main guiding issues that this publication will address in relation to election-related violence in Ghana are: The causes of election-related violence in Ghana ; Who the people most likely to cause election-related violence are ; The role that “big men” play in election-related violence.
Preferential voting in Finland: how much do candidates matter, and to whom and why?
Democracy and elections
African governance report III 2013.
Campaigns and elections American style
Seats and votes : the effects and determinants of electoral systems
Candidate strategies and electoral competition in the Russian Federation : democracy without foundation
Urban elections and decision-making in early modern Europe, 1500-1800
(Un)intended consequences of European parliamentary elections
Democracy, conflict and human security : pursuing peace in the 21st century
Votes, money and violence : political parties and elections in Sub-Saharan Africa
Electoral systems : paradoxes, assumptions, and procedures
Elections and political stability : an analytic study
Choosing an electoral system : issues and alternatives
Elections in Africa : a data handbook
The politics and government of Switzerland
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 3, Oman-Zimbabwe
Democracy in divided societies : electoral engineering for conflict management
Finnish election system : overview
Parties and elections in America : the electoral process
The Soviet electoral system
"This book investigates the effects of electoral systems on the relative legislative and, hence, regulatory influence of competing interests in society. Building on Ronald Rogowski and Mark Andreas Kayser's extension of the classic Stigler-Peltzman model of regulation, the authors demonstrate that majoritarian electoral arrangements should empower consumers relative to producers. Employing real price levels as a proxy for consumer power, the book rigorously establishes this proposition over time, within the OECD, and across a large sample of developing countries. Majoritarian electoral arrangements depress real prices by approximately ten percent, all else equal. The authors carefully construct and test their argument and broaden it to consider the overall welfare effects of electoral system design and the incentives of actors in the choice of electoral institutions"
On the evolution of international election norms : global and european perspectives
"Political inequality is a major issue in American politics, with racial minorities and low-income voters receiving less favorable representation. Scholars argue that this political inequality stems largely from differences in political participation and that if all citizens participated equally we would achieve political equality. Daniel M. Butler shows that this common view is incorrect"--
Elections with history approaching constitutional development, party-system and electoral competition in Zimbabwe
Elections as instruments of democracy : majoritarian and proportional visions
Comparative politics today : a world view
Politics in modern Japan : development and organization
Elections, state power and rural urban differences : a comparative study of Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland
Australian politics : a second reader
Electoral system design : the new International IDEA handbook
Linking citizens and parties : how electoral systems matter for political representation
Introduction : elections & election studies in Africa
Electoral systems and the balance of consumer-producer power
Politics, media and modern democracy : an international study of innovations in electoral campaigning and their consequences
Parties, elections and cleavages : Israel in comparative and theoretical perspective
Elections in Namibia
Parliaments and electoral systems : a world handbook
The changing constitution
Parliamentary elections
Cultural heritage and electoral systems : the case of small island states
Parties, power and patronage : papers in political economy
Politics in the Republic of Ireland
Elections in Western Europe since 1815 : electoral results by constituencies
Do single-party and coalition governments differ in economic outcomes? : evidence from finnish municipalities
Social choice and the mathematics of manipulation
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Elections in Asia and the Pacific : a data handbook. Vol. 1, The Middle East, Central Asia and South Asia
The international encyclopedia of elections
One of the key shifts in contemporary politics is the trend towards greater personalization. Collective actors such as political parties are losing relevance. Citizens are slowly dealigning from these actors, and individual politicians are therefore growing in importance in elections, in government, within parties, and in media reporting of politics. A crucial question concerns how this new pattern could be restructuring politics over the long run - notably, whether the personalization of politics is changing the institutional architecture of contemporary democracies. The authors show that the trend towards personalization is indeed changing core democratic institutions. Studying the evolution of electoral systems in thirty-one European democracies since 1945, they demonstrate that, since the 1990s, there has been a shift towards more personalized electoral systems. Electoral systems in most European countries now allow voters to express preferences for candidates, not just for political parties. And the weight of these voters' preferences in the allocation of seats has been increased in numerous countries. They examine the factors that appear to be driving this evolution, finding that the personalization of electoral systems is associated with the growing gap between citizens and politics. Politicians and legislators appear to perceive the personalization of electoral systems as a way to address the democratic malaise and to restore trust in politics by reducing the role of political parties in elections. The book also shows, however, that whether these reforms have had any success in achieving their aims is far less clear.
Rational choice politics
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 2, Gabon-Norway
Party sovereignty and citizen control : selecting candidates for parliamentary elections in Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Norway
Electoral institutional change and democratic transition : you can bring a horse to water, but you can't make it drink
The nationalization of politics : the formation of national electorates and party systems in Western Europe
The politics of electoral systems
Electoral systems and political context : how the effects of rules vary across new and established democracies
Proportional representation : apportionment methods and their applications
Western European political parties : a comprehensive guide
Electoral systems in Europe : an overview
Individual or party? : on preferential voting, people's initiative, and direct election of executive
Proportionality and party success in Europe
Multi-party elections in Africa
The government of the United States : Student's workbook and readings
The National People's Congress of China
Information about the Slovak Republic for international observers : prepared on the occasion of elections to the National Council of the Slovak Republic : September 25-26, 1998
The Road to the White House, 2000 : the Politics of Presidential Elections - Postelection Edition, presents up-to-date coverage and an entirely new prologue that examines the results of the highly controversial 2000 presidential election along with analysis by one of the nation's leading presidential scholars. The text includes: The role of money in presidential nominations, including a description and analysis of the money race in 1999-2000. Contemporary campaign finance issues. Up-to-date demographic profiles of the major parties. A new media section that discusses the ad race for delegates. A new discussion and analysis of the "interregnum period" - the three to four months after the nominations have been effectively decided but before the conventions are held. Discussion and evaluation of the 2000 campaign and general election exit polls.
Institutional change and political continuity in Post-Soviet Central Asia : power, perceptions, and pacts
Critical elections and the mainsprings of American politics
Electoral systems and voting procedures at local level
The Austrian electoral reform of 1907
The political economy of democracy and tyranny
Electoral systems : a comparative introduction
International guide to electoral statistics = Guide international des statistiques électorales. 1, National elections in Western Europe = Élections nationales en Europe occidentale
Predicting party sizes : the logic of simple electoral systems
Principles of electoral reform
Voters' perceptions of party politics : a multilevel approach
World encyclopedia of political systems and parties. Volume 1, Afghanistan-France
Comparative constitutional engineering : an inquiry into structures, incentives and outcomes
The Nigerian state : political economy, state class and political system in the post-colonial era
Democracy, intermediation and voting on four continents
The political consequences of electoral laws
Citizen politics : public opinion and political parties in advanced industrial democracies
The transformation of the Japanese left : from old socialists to new democrats
The people's President : the electoral college in American history and the direct-vote alternative
Hong Kong government & politics = 香港政府與政治
Women in parliament : beyond numbers
Electoral systems and democratization in Southern Africa
The ECPRD : electoral systems in Europe : an overview
The electoral system of Finland : old, and working well
The International IDEA handbook of electoral system designs
Candidate-centred campaigns and their effect in an open list system : the case of Finland
Party systems and elections in Latin America
Comparing democracies 3 : elections and voting in the 21st century
Candidate selection in comparative perspective : the secret garden of politics
Electoral laws and their political consequences
Elections and political order in Russia : the implications of the 1993 elections to the federal assembly
Codes of conduct for elections
Electoral systems and party systems : a study of twenty-seven democracies 1945-1990
Finland : candidate choice and party proportionality
Where have all the voters gone?
The origin of electoral systems in the postwar era : a worldwide approach
Comparative constitutional engineering : an inquiry into structures, incentives, and outcomes
Joint report on the 1996 Palestinian elections
Governance and politics of the Netherlands
British political facts 1900-1979
Government and politics in Hungary
The theory of committees and elections
A short history of electoral systems in Western Europe
Bush v. Gore : exposing the hidden crisis in American democracy
Threatening & appropriate bodies in nation building : paths to the world's 1st female parliamentary majority in post-genocide Rwanda
Election Fraud : Detecting and Deterring Electoral Manipulation
Money politics in Japan : new rules, old practices
Electoral management design : the International IDEA handbook
Citizens elections parties : approaches to the comparative study of the processes of development
Mixed-member electoral systems : the best of both worlds?
Comparing democracies 4 : elections and voting in a changing world
This volume presents theoretical and empirical aspects of single- and multi-winner voting procedures. It examines the susceptibility of procedures to the main voting paradoxes and discusses the relevance of the theoretical results to the choice of voting system.
Proportionality and Party Success in Europe
Elections by design : parties and patronage in Russia's regions
Fair representation : meeting the ideal of one man, one vote
Voting in democracies : a study of majority and proportional electoral systems
Elections and the political order
Evaluation of fifteen years of constitutional practice in central and eastern Europe
"The African Governance Report, the most comprehensive report on governance in Africa, assesses and monitors the progress of African countries on governance, identifies capacity gaps in governance institutions and proposes policies and strategic interventions to improve governance on the continent. This third edition of the Report, while continuing to monitor governance trends, adopts a thematic approach: elections and the management of diversity in Africa. Elections are central to democratic governance and the political management of diversity in plural societies. While elections are held with greater regularity in Africa, their content and quality remains suspect in many countries, with Africa's rich diversity deployed as a combustive tool in electoral conflicts. Elections have often triggered conflict, with violence, tensions, acrimonies and sharp elite divisions surrounding electoral processes and outcomes-- a worrying trend for Africa's democratic future. The Report investigates elections in the face of managing diversity in Africa. It recommends major electoral, institutional, political and constitutional reforms to enable elections to facilitate the democratic management of diversity, while significantly improving their quality and credibility. These include reform of the party system to make it more inclusive and democratic, a move to more proportional electoral systems, and an increase in the autonomy and effectiveness of election management boards. The Report argues that regional and subregional initiatives and frameworks for elections, democracy and governance have to be implemented and monitored to improve electoral performance and promote democratic consolidation and stability."--Page [4] of cover.
Comparing electoral systems
Liberalism against populism : a confrontation between the theory of democracy and the theory of social choice
Making votes count : strategic coordination in the world's electoral systems
Democracy, parliament and electoral systems
Democracy in Scandinavia : consensual, majoritarian or mixed?
Why constitutions matter
Indirect voting systems and composite majority functions
The electoral system of Finland
Handbook of electoral system choice
Representing the advantaged : how politicians reinforce inequality
Contextual determinants of electoral system choice : a macro-comparative study 1945-2003
Electoral systems in Europe: an overview
Constitutional government and democracy : theory and practice in Europe and America
Finnish election system
Politics in Finland
Parties without partisans : political change in advanced industrial democracies
A theory of parties and electoral systems
Greek and Roman voting and elections
The American political process
Election-related violence : the case of Ghana
State and politics in India
The road to the White House, 2000 : the politics of presidential elections
Faces on the ballot : the personalization of electoral systems in Europe
The social basis of the rational citizen : how political communication in social networks improves civic competence
Legislation governing elections to the European Parliament / [editor: Martine Charriot, Javier Fernandez-Fernandez]
Numbers rule : the vexing mathematics of democracy, from Plato to the present
Presidents with prime ministers : do direct elections matter?
Personal representation : the neglected dimension of electoral systems
British by-elections : the volatile electorate
British government in an era of reform
