http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17978 research databases
research databases
Research activities in 2000-2001
Computerization in the management of the criminal justice system : proceedings of the Workshop and the Symposium on Computerization of Criminal Justice Information at the Ninth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders : Cairo, Egypt, 29 April - 8 May 1995
Application of Bayesian spatial methods in health and population studies using registry data
Register II : emergence, change and obsolescence : pre-print materials of the International Colloquium on Meaning and Human Expression, 22nd-24th May 2013, Helsinki, Finland
AGREP : permanent inventory of agricultural research projects in the European Communities : part 1-2
Abstract (s. 9).
Research activities in 1992-1994
Social Welfare and Health Care Data and Information Reform 2005 : working group report : English summary
Psychotropic drug use in community-dwelling older people : pharmacoepidemiological aspects
Health registers as a source of data for research and policy making
Health registers as a feasible means of measuring health status in childhood : a 7-year follow-up of the 1987 Finnish birth cohort
History from crime
Summary (s. 40-41). - Abstract: Persons having completed a rehabilitation programme funded by the Social Insurance Institution of Finland in 2003.
Examining equity in acces to health care using register data : pathways to coronary revascularisations in Finland 1995-1998
Research activities in 1979
Research activities in 1983
Consent practices and biomedical knowledge production in tissue economies
Research activities in 1995-1996
Occurrence studies of intracranial tumours
Prosodic markers and utterance boundaries in American Sign  Language interpretation
How to carry out register-based health services research in Finland? : compiling complex study data in the REDD project
Abstract (s. 3).
Administrative registers in health research : a cohort study of Finnish children born in 1987
Radiography : study guide and registry review
Research activities in 1997-1999
CARIS : current agricultural research information system : directory of CARIS centres = Système d'information sur les recherches agronomiques en cours : repertoire des centres CARIS = Sistema de información sobre investiga ciones agronómicas en curso : directorio de los centros CARIS
Divorce by family composition and sosioeconomic status in Finnish first marriages
Research activities in 1987
Advanced maternal age, pregnancy and birth
Changes in the field of obligation and necessity in contemporary British English : a corpus-based sociolinguistic study of semi-modal NEED TO
Green ships - eco shipping - clean seas : the 12th Annual General Assembly, International Association of Maritime University, Gdynia, Poland, 12-14 June 2011
Examining equity in access to health care using register data : pathways to coronary revascularisations in Finland 1995-1998
Case-control studies for the evaluation of performan2425054ce and age-specific outcome of organised cervical cancer screening
Abstract. - Finnish summary.
Information systems architecture for national and international statistical offices : guidelines and recommendations
Development project of the focus group survey database
Case–control studies for the evaluation of performance and age-specific outcome of organised cervical cancer screening
Research activities in 1990-1991
Research activities in 1981
An evaluation of survival of cancer patients based on registry data from low or medium resource countries
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
All the five Nordic countries have a long tradition in health statistics and health monitoring. The cornerstone of the national health information systems is register information. There are, for example, complete population-based registration of births and deaths, cancers, hospital care, and medication (Cappelen and Lysol 2004, Gissler and Haukka. 2004, Mortensen 2004, Otterblad Olausson et al. 2004). The main prerequisites for a functioning register system are its completeness and high quality. These are facilitated by the Nordic legislation allowing mandatory reporting from public and private sector without informed consent and the existence of unique person identity number system. .
Directory of current research on sheep and goats
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system performance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Nordic labour market research on register data
Non-response and information bias in population-based psychiatric research:the Northern Finland 1966 Birth Cohort study
Social sciences for a digital world : building infrastructure and databases for the future
Methodological perspectives for register-based health system peformance assessment : developing a hip fracture monitoring system in Finland
Research activities in 2002-2004
Registration of Births and Induced Abortions in the Nordic Countries
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Register, genre, and style
Norwegian development research catalogue 1987
Nordic medical birth registers in epidemiological research
