http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17923 social constructivism
social constructivism
Although collective emotions have a long tradition in scientific inquiry, for instance in mass psychology and the sociology of rituals and social movements, their importance for individuals and the social world has never been more obvious than in the past decades. The Arab Spring revolution, the Occupy Wall Street movement, and mass gatherings at music festivals or mega sports events clearly show the impact collective emotions have both in terms of driving conflict and in uniting people. But these examples only show the most obvious and evident forms of collective emotions. Others are more subtle, although less important: shared moods, emotional atmospheres, and intergroup emotions are part and parcel of our social life. Although these phenomena go hand in hand with any formation of sociality, they are little understood. Moreover, there still is a large gap in our understanding of individual emotions on the one hand and collective emotional phenomena on the other hand. This book presents a comprehensive overview of contemporary theories and research on collective emotions. It spans several disciplines and brings together, for the first time, various strands of inquiry and up-to-date research in the study of collective emotions and related phenomena. In focusing on conceptual, theoretical, and methodological issues in collective emotion research, the volume narrows the gap between the wealth of studies on individual emotions and inquiries into collective emotions. The book catches up with a renewed interest into the collective dimensions of emotions and their close relatives, for example emotional climates, atmospheres, communities, and intergroup emotions. This interest is propelled by a more general increase in research on the social and interpersonal aspects of emotion on the one hand, and by trends in philosophy and cognitive science towards refined conceptual analyses of collective entities and the collective properties of cognition on the other hand.
Aspects of using mobile technology and social media in upper secondary school English education
Body work : the social construction of women's body image
Constructing and negotiating work under new capitalism : case studies from the greater Helsinki region
Social construction and social work practice : interpretations and innovations
Deaf Epistemologies : Multiple Perspectives on the Acquisition of Knowledge
Discourse, cognition, and reality : toward a social constructionist metatheory for library and information science
Emotions in second language learning as seen in autobiographical narratives written by university students : a discursive study
Abstract: Knowledge management as a discourse in Finnish science magazines and professional journals on the health care field.
Social construction : a reader
The code of society transformation in social work : modelling the construction of Lithuanian social work professionalization
Realist constructivism
Europeanization, integration and identity : a social constructivist fusion perspective on Norway
Raiding the gene pool : the social construction of mixed race
Struggles over corporate social responsibility meanings in teaching practices : the case of hybrid problem-based learning
Socially phobic clients' self-descriptions, treatment progress and reflexivity in short-term cognitive-constructivist group psychotherapy
Social constructionism in vocational psychology and career development
Reconsidering social constructionism : debates in social problems theory
Social construction of quality in software development
Freedom of movement and work-related migration in the EU : a study of problem construction in Finnish public policy
Social creation of entrepreneurial opportunities
Social constructionism : sources and stirrings in theory and practice
Constructing change management and the employee in a work space : a case study of an organisational change project
Users of new technology : a discourse analysis of a new technology user
Collective emotions : perspectives from psychology, philosophy, and sociology
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age: dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
Caught in the middle? : narrative identity construction of middle management in strategic change
Gendered representations of leadership : profiles of female leaders in the global business press
Discursive practices in organizational change
Inside the world of interculturalists : exploring the co-constructions of professional identity in online discussions
Social constructionism, discourse and realism
Conversational realities revisited : life, language, body and world
Functions and fictions of communication
"If modes of transport are the arteries of our society, then energy is the blood" : an analysis of the political implications of metaphors used in the discourse on the EU's external energy relations
The role of emotions in organizational culture : "emotional-organizational model"
Ethical team leadership : as construed by Finnish managers
Science wars : politics, gender, and race
The psychological construction of emotion
Facilitating leadership team communication
Professional poker players : cowboys, gamblers or entrepreneurs? : A discourse analysis of speech concerning poker
Self-relations in the psychotherapy process
Cage of free communication : versions of corporate responsibility in corporate communication and construction of political corporate responsibility
The politics of constructionism
A meta-theoretical foundation for the study of international relations in a global era : a social constructivist approach
Abstract: Motherhood as cultural expectations.
Modern social work theory
The construction of citizenship and difference in schools
An introduction to international relations theory : perspectives and themes
Contemporary parenting : challenges and issues
Distinctive qualities in communication research
The social construction of the well-being in young people
Documentality : why it is necessary to leave traces
Making sense of theory and practice in early childhood : the power of ideas
Introduction to international relations : theories and approaches
Social constructionism and theology
Rethinking cultural marginality in the postmodern age : dialogical ambivalence of the multicultural self
The over- or the undersocialized conception of man? : practice theory and the problem of intersubjectivity
Voices behind and beyond the label : the master narrative of ADHD (de)constructed by diagnosed children and their parents
How cultures interact in an international merger : case Merita Nordbanken
Pathways to knowledge : private and public
"This volume presents cutting-edge theory and research on emotions as constructed events rather than fixed, essential entities. It provides a thorough introduction to the assumptions, hypotheses, and scientific methods that embody psychological constructionist approaches. Leading scholars examine the neurobiological, cognitive/perceptual, and social processes that give rise to the experiences Western cultures call sadness, anger, fear, and so on. The book explores such compelling questions as how the brain creates emotional experiences, whether the "ingredients" of emotions also give rise to other mental states, and how to define what is or is not an emotion. Introductory and concluding chapters by the editors identify key themes and controversies and compare psychological construction to other theories of emotion"--
Women as leaders in public discourse : communication, gender and leadership
Social constructivist teaching : affordances and constraints
Meaning in action : constructions, narratives, and representations
Ron Mallon explores how thinking and talking about kinds of person can bring those kinds into being. Social constructionist explanations of human kinds like race, gender, and homosexuality are commonplace in the social sciences and humanities, but what do they mean and what are their implications? This book synthesizes recent work in evolutionary, cognitive, and social psychology as well as social theory and the philosophy of science, in order to offer a naturalistic account of the social construction of human kinds. Mallon begins by qualifying social constructionist accounts of representations of human kinds by appealing to evidence suggesting canalized dispositions towards certain ways of representing human groups, using race as a case study. He then turns to interpret constructionist accounts of categories as attempts to explain causally powerful human kinds by appealling to our practices of representing them, and he articulates a view in which widespread representations produce entrenched social roles that could vindicate such attempts. Mallon goes on to explore constructionist concerns with the social consequences of our representations, focusing especially on the way human kind representations can alter our behaviour and undermine our self understandings and our agency. Mallon understands socially constructed kinds as the real, sometimes stable products of our cognitive and representational practices, and he suggests that reference to such kinds can figure in our everyday and scientific practices of representing the social world. The result is a realistic, naturalistic account of how human representations might contribute to making up the parts of the social world that they represent.
Unfolding social constructionism
Social workers engagement with the social media
Develops an ontology of social objects on the basis of the claim that registration or inscription--the leaving of a trace to be called up later--is what is most fundamental to these social phenomena.
Abstract.
The history of emotions : an introduction
Therapy as social construction
Environmental law and contrasting ideas of nature : a constructivist approach
Practicing relational ethics in organizations
"Social Constructionism: Sources and Stirrings in Theory and Practice offers an introduction to the different theorists and schools of thought that have contributed to the development of contemporary social constructionist ideas, charting a course through the ideas that underpin the discipline. From the New Science of Vico in the 18th century, through to Marxist writers, ethnomethodologists and Wittgenstein, ideas as to how socio-cultural processes provide the resources that make us human are traced to the present day. Despite constructionists often being criticised as 'relativists', 'activists' and 'anti-establishment' and for making no concrete contributions, their ideas are now being adopted by practically-oriented disciplines such as management consultancy, advertising, therapy, education and nursing. Andy Lock and Tom Strong aim to provoke a wider grasp of an alternative history and tradition that has developed alongside the one emphasised in traditional histories of the social sciences"--Provided by publisher.
Summary.
Leadership training in the systemic constructionist approach : interview study of Humap Ltd. customers
The reality of social construction
The history of emotions is one of the fastest growing fields in current historical debate, and this is the first book-length introduction to the field, synthesizing the current research, and offering direction for future study. The History of Emotions is organized around the debate between social constructivist and universalist theories of emotion that has shaped most emotions research in a variety of disciplines for more than a hundred years: social constructivists believe that emotions are largely learned and subject to historical change, while universalists insist on the timelessness and pan-culturalism of emotions. In historicizing and problematizing this binary, Jan Plamper opens emotions research beyond constructivism and universalism; he also maps a vast terrain of thought about feelings in anthropology, philosophy, sociology, linguistics, art history, political science, the life sciences - from nineteenth-century experimental psychology to the latest affective neuroscience - and history, from ancient times to the present day.
Development sociology : actor perspectives
Gendered lives : communication, gender, and, culture
Fate or choice? : talking about old age and health
"'Social construction' is a central metaphor in contemporary social science, yet it is used and understood in widely divergent and indeed conflicting ways by different thinkers. Most commonly, it is seen as radically opposed to realist social theory. Dave Elder-Vass argues that social scientists should be both realists and social constructionists, and that coherent versions of these ways of thinking are entirely compatible with each other. This book seeks to transform prevailing understandings of the relationship between realism and constructionism. It offers a thorough ontological analysis of the phenomena of language, discourse, culture, and knowledge, and shows how this justifies a realist version of social constructionism. In doing so, however, it also develops an analysis of these phenomena that is significant in its own right"-- Provided by publisher.
Juvenile and drugs : fascination of contesting identites
Undeserving mothers : pregnant substance abusers in Finnish parliamentary discourse
"We are not green, but I know we are getting greener" : constructions of environmental management : a frame analysis on corporate environmental and sustainability reports
Social constructionism in housing research
Positions constructed for a female therapist in male batterers' treatment groups
Social constructionism in therapeutic settings : theoretical contributions through the realities of practice
In light in shadow : the professional clothing picture of Finnish popular music musicians
The construction of human kinds
The social construction of death : interdisciplinary perspectives
Social constructionisms : approaches to the study of the human world
The social construction of reality : a treatise in the sociology of knowledge
Research and social change : a relational constructionist approach
Few issues cause academics to disagree more than gender and race, especially when topics are addressed in terms of biological differences. To conduct research in these areas or comment favorably on research can subject one to scorn. When these topics are addressed, they generally take the form of philosophical debates. Anthony Walsh focuses upon such debates and supporting research. He divides parties into biologists and social constructionists, arguing that biologists remain focused on laboratory work, while constructionists are acutely aware of the impact of biologists in contested territories. Science Wars introduces the ideas motivating the parties and examines social constructionism and its issues with science. He explores arguments over conceptual tools scientists love and constructionists abhor, and he provides a solid discussion of the co-evolution of genes and culture. Walsh then focuses his attention on gender, how constructionists view it, and the neuroscience explanation of gender differences. Moving to race, Walsh looks at how some have tried to bury the concept of race, while others emphasize it. He considers definitions of race—essentialist, taxonomic, population, and lineage—as they have evolved from the time of the Enlightenment to the present. And finally, he attempts to bring the opposing sides together by pointing out what each can bring to a meaningful discussion.
Genealogy and deconstruction as methods of Judith Butler's social constructivism
What is constructionism? : navigating its use in sociology
The thesis was carried out for a commission company Humap Ltd., which is a consulting company with thirteen years of experience in the field. Humap Ltd. uses systemic constructionism as its framework in leadership trainings.     The objective of the study was to research Humap Ltd.'s theoretical framework, systemic constructionism, and see the what the frameworks approach is to leadership. I wanted to find out if systemic constructionism as an approach is compatible to the hopes and wishes of Human Resource Managers and Development Managers in organizations that are customers of Humap Ltd. The thesis is an important reality background regarding Humap Ltd. if their thoughts about the future needs are valuable to their business and I was able to formulate recommendations for them based on the results.     The method applied in the empirical part of the research was qualitative. Three Human Resources Managers and one Development Manager were interviewed face to face; one Development Director was interviewed via telephone. The process of the compilation was originated in the beginning of January 2012 and finalized by the beginning of May 2012. All of the interviews conducted took part between February 7th and March 5th.     As the findings indicated that in fact systemic constructionism is a compatible framework to have in leadership trainings. There were several wishes that rose in the interview that go hand in hand with the systemic constructionist approach. Shortly it may be said that Human Resource Managers and Development Managers hope for whole system thinking, well-being at work, early support and giving competencies for a leader to act as a coach to the employee to be emphasized in future leadership trainings.
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Therapeutic realities : collaboration, oppression and relational flow
Innovations in teacher education : a social constructivist approach
The social construction of community care
The politicization of the Arctic in the beginning of the 21st century : how do the Arctic Ocean states legitimate their new role in the Arctic of melting ice and new opportunities?
Discarding the mirror : the importance of intangible social resources to responsibility in business in a Finnish context
Company-internal Facebook policies : How are private and professional matters separated?
News narratives and news framing : constructing political reality
An introduction to social constructionism
Psychology for language teachers : a social constructivist approach
Strategic security : a constructivist investigation of critical security and strategic organisational learning issues : towards a theory of security development
