http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17968 biographical novels
biographical novels
Lords of the bow
I know why the caged bird sings
The shadow queen : a novel of Wallis Simpson, Duchess of Windsor
The last word
The new confessions
Teacher, teacher! : the alternative school logbook 1977-1978
The captive queen : a novel of Eleanor of Aquitaine
The hummingbird's daughter : a novel
Village teacher : the alternative shcool logbook 1980-1981
Coco and Igor
The swans of Fifth Avenue : a novel
Running with scissors : a memoir
Biography : a very short introduction
Tristram Shandy
Alfred and Emily
Tropic of Cancer
The stone diaries
The emperor. 3, The field of swords
Henry James as a biographer : a self among others
Tropic of cancer
M. Gazi Yasargil: Father of Modern Neurosurgery is an account of a famous man's unusual and inspiring life, particularly as a youth in the first 138 pages of the book. Later, as a neurosurgeon, he found a means of reducing the mortality rates associated with the deadliest of brain pathologies from thirty percent in the mid-1960s to less than two percent. It required not only a vastly redesigned microscope, but an array of new surgical instruments, even a new way of thinking. 1967 witnessed neurosurgeons flocking to Zurich from around the world to learn his method. Yasargil possessed a truly amazing surgical talent, but his brand of microneurosurgery allowed even the lesser skilled to achieve stunning results if the requisite laboratory-hours to master the method were observed. Yasargil's life and times were as dramatic and challenging as microneurosurgery was important. He was born in a cave in rural east Turkey as his parents were held at gunpoint by outlaws determined to challenge the new government in Ankara. At eighteen, with his family's hearts in their throats, he was off to Vienna to study medicine. But when Nazi police suspected him of being a Jew, he was not allowed to register for classes. But instead of returning to Turkey defeated, he chose to push into Germany where he bargained enrollment as a first year medical student. From 1943 to 1945 he was harassed by Hitler's police as a potential spy. Headstrong, confident-he typically made matters worse. The bombs killing some of his classmates were dropped from British and American aircraft. Since this story contains as much history and adventure as medical triumph, a brief glossary of medical terms make it accessible to anyone reading at the high school level.
Any human heart
The story of Sun Zi
Tasked with investigating the suicide of a local recluse, Alan Turing, Det Sgt Corell is torn between admiration for the dead man's genius and disgust for his sexuality. A succession of remarkable discoveries drives Corell to examine his own prejudice, then he is rocked by two startling developments.
On life-writing
Bones of the hills
Dear teacher : the alternative school logbook 1979-1980
The Stalin epigram : a novel
Wintering : a novel of Sylvia Plath
Silent night : the alternative school logbook 1984-1985
Orphan of Asia
The book thief
The mill on the floss
The stones speak
A White House in Gascony : Escape to the Old French South
A portrait of the artist as a young man
The Chelsea girls
Evelyn: A true story
Illuminations : a novel of Hildegard von Bingen
Bones of the Hills
Oscar Wilde and The picture of Dorian Gray : a biographical interpretation
Nikola Tesla was a man forever misunderstood. From his boyhood in what is present-day Croatia, where his father, a Serbian Orthodox priest, dismissed his talents, to his tumultuous years in New York City, where his heated rivalry with Thomas Edison yielded triumphs and failures, Tesla was both demonized and lionized. Tesla captures the whirlwind years of the dawn of the electrical age, when his flair for showmanship kept him in the public eye. For every successful invention--the alternating current electrical system and wireless communication among them--there were hundreds of others. But what of the man behind the image? Vladimir Pištalo reveals the inner life of a man haunted by the loss of his older brother, a man who struggled with flashes of madness and brilliance whose mistrust of institutional support led him to financial ruin. Tesla: A Portrait with Masks is an impassioned account of a visionary whose influence is still felt today.
Xenophon in seven volumes. 6, Cyropaedia II : books V-VIII
The soloist : a lost dream, an unlikely friendship, and the redemptive power of music
The true story of Nathaniel Ayers, a musician who becomes schizophrenic and homeless, and his friendship with Steve Lopez, the Los Angeles columnist who discovers and writes about him in the newspaper.
A Heartbreaking work of Staggering Genius
Testament Of Mary
Writing lives : literary biography
The name of the wind
Empire of silver : the epic story of the Khan dynasty
The story of Confucius
Genres as repositories of cultural memory
Me and Nu : childhood at Coole
Beatlebone
The master
Salaam Brick Lane : a year in the New East End
American nonfiction : the rhetoric and narrative of drug trade and the American dream
Alfred & Emily
The castle in the forest : a novel
Narrating Gypsies, telling travellers : a study of the relational self in four life stories
The third eye : the autobiography of a Tibetan Lama
Post office : a novel
The testament of Mary
Salaam Brick Lane : a year in the new East End
The story of Zhuang Zi
Z : a novel of Zelda Fitzgerald
Mother, mother : a novel
Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
Fatal majesty : a novel of Mary, Queen of Scots
Andre the giant : life and legend
Fall of man in Wilmslow
Scenes from early life : a novel
A way of life, like any other
Mister teacher : the alternative school logbook 1978-1979
M. Gazi Yasargil : father of modern neurosurgery
Tess of the D'urbervilles : A pure woman
School's out : the alternative school logbook 1983-1984
The private self : theory and practice of women's autobiographical writings
Island of Dreams
Please Sir! : the alternative school logbook 1981-1982
A heartbreaking work of staggering genius
Tesla : a portrait with masks : a novel
Two Logs Crossing : John Haskell's Story
The Damned Utd
The echo chamber
The autobiography of Henry VIII : a novel
How to make an American quilt
The truth
Rant : an oral biography of Buster Casey
For bread alone
The blue flower
Summertime : scenes from a provincial life
Nothing green
The whale : a love story
