http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17932 players of folk music
players of folk music
The kantele
Memento of Finland : a musical legacy
SamulNori : contemporary Korean drumming and the rebirth of itinerant performance culture
The hundred thousand fools of God : musical travels in Central Asia (and Queens, New York)
Jouhikko = The bowed lyre
Questions like 'Trapped in folklore?' open up many possibilities for reflection and prompt different answers. This thematic publication with a rather provocative title discusses questions as to whether the selected musical phenomena are a fossilised form of tradition, folklore and folklorism and, as such, are trapped in a museum-like image isolated from contemporary cultural life, or whether we are looking at active events, changes, and adjustments within contemporary society.
Griots at war : conflict, conciliation, and caste in Mande
English summary: Music and identity at grassroots level : analysis of caterogy-work of an amateur musicians group.
Ukrainian minstrels : and the blind shall sing
Russian minstrels : a history of the skomorokhi
Archipelago
Fiddling for Norway : revival and identity
A feminist ethnomusicology : writings on music and gender
Family traditions - passed on vocally and instrumentally
Axel Sjölander - seventh-generation fiddler
Anthology of Bulgarian folk musicians
The performance of everyday life : the Gāine of Nepal
Between the jigs and the reels : the Donegal fiddle tradition
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
The Oxford Handbook of Children's Musical Cultures is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Over the course of 35 chapters, contributors from around the world provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music. Drawing on a wide array of fields from ethnomusicology and folklore to education and developmental psychology, the chapters presented in this handbook provide windows into the musical enculturation, education, and training of children, and the ways in which they learn, express, invent, and preserve music.
Trapped in folklore? : studies in music and dance tradition and their contemporary transformations
The legacy of Viola Turpeinen
Griots and griottes : masters of words and music
"Do not dance to the screeching, insidious accordions. Burn them"
African music : a people's art
Making music in the Polish Tatras : tourists, ethnographers, and mountain musicians
"Alex Haley, author of the phenomenal best-seller Roots, reconstructed his family's past with the aid of a griot, an African oral historian/musician/diplomat/advisor (among many other roles). The well-illustrated Griots and Griottes is the first comprehensive portrait of the world of this profession, starting with its discovery by the outside world in 1352 by a North African traveler up to the present. Based on over 30 years of research and travel in Africa, Griots and Griottes tells the story of these remarkable wordsmiths and performers."--Publisher's website.
More than a life : John Meredith and the fight for Australian tradition
For townsman and peasant : The stadsmusikant institution in Denmark c. 1660-1800 : English summary
