http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p17981 dreams (sleeping)
dreams (sleeping)
The sleep revolution : transforming your life, one night at a time
Abstract.
Night life : explorations in dreaming
Children dreaming : pictures in my pillow
Drug management and parasite resistance in bovine trypanosomiasis in Africa
A field guide to lucid dreaming : mastering the art of oneironautics
Event-related potentials representing auditory perceptual learning of foreign language features in nocturnal sleep
The great good thing : a novel
Interpreting dreams
A history of dreams
Sleep disorders and associated factors in 56-73 year-old urban adults in Northern Finland
Evening owls have increased odds for both psychiatric and somatic illnesses
Dream a little dream
Angel dreams : healing and guidance from your dreams
Unobtrusive monitoring of heart rate and respiration rate during sleep
The cure for dreaming
Sleep smarter : 21 essential strategies to sleep your way to a better body, better health, and bigger success
Seeing in the dark : reflections on dreams and dreaming
The girls' book of dreams : your inner self revealed!
Only in dreams : a bedtime story
Dream analysis. Part 1 : Notes of the seminar given in 1928-1930 by C. G. Jung
10,000 dreams explained : how to use your dreams to enhance your life and relationships
The heart of man
The mind at night : the new science of how and why we dream
The paradox of sleep : the story of dreaming
The body book : the law of hunger, the science of strength, the power of knowledge, and other ways to love your amazing body
A Christmas wish
Working on yourself alone : inner dreambody work
Man and his symbols
Shamanism : an expanded view of reality
Dreams that matter : Egyptian landscapes of the imagination
An invitation to dream : tap of the resources of inner wisdom
Dreams and dreaming : selected readings
Drug treatment for circadian rhythm sleep disorders
Communicating Vessels
Sloth slept on
Meg's wish
The nightmare affair
The interpretation of dreams : the illustrated edition
The interpretation of dreams in the ancient Near East : with translation of an Assyrian dream-book
LONG TERM USE OF CONTINUOUS POSITIVE AIRWAY PRESSURE CARE IN SLEEP APNEA : Literature review on common side effects and possible nursing interventions
Upon the midnight clear
The dreamcatcher : an A-Z guide to your dreams and what they mean
Avenue of mysteries
The Rabbit Back Literature Society
Association of length of sleep with dietary intake and weight in the Kuopio ischaemic heart disease risk factor study
Makeshift miracle. book 2 : Boy who stole everything
When my baby dreams
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Alice Cooper. Volume 1, Welcome to my nightmare
Orphans of Eldorado
Yuck, a love story
Dream and existence
Islam sanatinda gezi = Journey through Islamic art
Lucid dreaming : the paradox of consciousness during sleep
Dreams : visions of the night
Basic psychoanalytic concepts on the theory of dreams
The dream poet
"To celebrate the rise of their new queen, three goddesses of the moon created three stars, one of fire, one of ice, one of water. But then they fell from the sky, putting the fate of all worlds in danger. And now three women and three men join forces to pick up the pieces... Sasha Riggs is a reclusive artist, haunted by dreams and nightmares that she turns into extraordinary paintings. Her visions lead her to the Greek island of Corfu, where five others have been lured to seek the fire star. Sasha recognizes them, because she has drawn them: a loner. All on a quest. All with secrets. Sasha is the one who holds them together the seer. And in the magician, Bran Killian, she sees a man of immense power and compassion. As Sasha struggles with her rare ability, Bran is there to support her, challenge her, and believe in her. But Sasha and Bran are just two of the six. And they all must work together as a team to find the fire star in a cradle of land beneath the sea. Over their every attempt at trust, unity, and love, a dark threat looms. And it seeks to corrupt everything that stands in its way of possessing the stars."Provided by publisher.
Only Fish Fall from the Sky
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
Who's afraid of the big bad book?
Partial Sleep Restriction Activates Immune Response-Related Gene Expression Pathways: Experimental and Epidemiological Studies in Humans
If your dreams take off and fly
Infants' sleep movements: their relationship to temperament and motor development during the first year of life
Of wonders wild and new : dreams from Zinacantán
The secret of Trembleton hall
Detection and assessment of sleep-disordered breathing with special interest of prolonged partial obstruction
Nine layers of sky
The new psychology of dreams
Transference in dreams : a control study
The multiplicity of dreams : memory, imagination, and consciousness
Landscapes of the night
When my baby dreams of fairy tales
Sleep, work and mental health
Dreams and nightmares : the origin and meaning of dreams
Stars of fortune
Arthur's dream boat
Effects of exercise intensity on recovery of autonomic nervous system immediately after exercise and during sleep, and on subjective and objective sleep quality
The interpretation of dreams
Obstruction event severity in diagnostics of sleep apnea
Patterns of English-Finnish codeswitching in Finland and in the United States
Dreams and nightmares : the new theory on the origin and meaning of dreams
Dream psychology and the new biology of dreaming
Persecuted
Extraordinary dreams and how to work with them
The dream and human societies
Associations between personality traits and sleep quality and quantity among young adults
The guardian
Before I wake up..
Dreaming
Rock n' roll legend Alice Cooper has never been a stranger to the mystic and the macabre. His stage shows were the stuff of legend, featuring snakes and pyrotechnics, the invocation of dark themes and darker forces. But while he was a legend in the waking world, few knew his service as "The Lord of Nightmares" beyond it, where he watched over us while we dreamed, and delivered horrors unto the deserving. Only someone took it all away from him, cast him out of his realm, and locked him away. No longer enslaved to the Clan Black, Alice Cooper will reclaim his dark throne at all costs.
The hive
Association between Intensity of Information and Communication Technology usage and Quality of Sleep Among School-aged children
Sleep and Menopause. Hormone Therapy and Sleep Deprivation
The dictionary of dreams and their meanings
The new psychology of dreaming
Inner work : using dreams and active imagination for personal growth
Dreams of awakening : lucid dreaming and mindfulness of dream & sleep
A world of my own : a dream diary
Jawlah fi alam al-fann al-islami = Journey through Islamic art
Low-grade inflammation in depression, anxiety and sleep disturbances
The nightmare dilemma
The paranormal source book : the comprehensive guide to strange phenomena world wide
X'ed out
When a man who sometimes sees things before they happen has a terrifying premonition about the drowning death of his daughter, he sacrifices everything to prevent the tragedy.
About Grace
The childcare practice of children’s daytime sleeping outdoors in the context of Northern Finnish winter
Dream interpretation for beginners : understand the wisdom of your sleeping mind
The lathe of heaven
Makeshift miracle. book 1 : The girl from nowhere
The dream and the underworld
The brain's electrical activity in deep anaesthesia:with special reference to EEG burst-suppression
William and the Night-Train
Dreams : a reader on religious, cultural, and psychological dimensions of dreaming
Little Nemo : return to Slumberland
Out of your mind : the links between brain and body
Dark and bright sides of human rights : towards pragmatic evaluation
Exploring the world of lucid dreaming
Swedenborg's journal of dreams 1743-1744
Kafka on the shore
English abstract.
Guide to imagework : imagination-based research methods
Scaredy squirrel at night
Dream analysis : a practical handbook for psycho-analysts
Liquid dreams of vampires
Flower of the deep sleep. volume one
Development and application of comprehensive medication review procedure to community-dwelling elderly
Automatic SCSB analysis of motor and autonomic nervous activity in infants compared to EEG-based sleep stages
The dreamer's dictionary for the 21st century
Childhood sleep-disordered breathing – dentofacial and pharyngeal characteristics
The structure and dynamics of the psyche
In a small South Carolina town, where it seems little has changed since the Civil War, sixteen-year-old Ethan is powerfully drawn to Lena, a new classmate with whom he shares a psychic connection and whose family hides a dark secret that may be revealed on her sixteenth birthday.
Sleep and dreaming
Health care financing through micro insurance in Cameroon : a prelude to Universalism
Algebraic methods for cryptographic key exhange
Dreams and dreaming
Dreams of awakening : lucid dreaming and mindfulness of dream and sleep
Psychology and religion
Traditional dream narration and interpretation
We dream as we live : consuming
Exploring the world lucid dreaming
A primer on sleep and dreaming
Philosophical essays on dreaming
Horrid Henrys nightmare
Communing with the gods : consciousness, culture and the dreaming brain
The elder gods
Finding meaning in dreams : a quantitative approach
Executive dysfunction in patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome
Flower of the deep sleep. volume two
Valentina and the magic lantern
Lasso the moon
Alterations in the states and contents of consciousness : empirical and theoretical aspects
Kate, the cat and the moon
Adventures of Rocket Kid : cowboys just don't cry
Dreams
The dream in Islam : from Qur'anic tradition to Jihadist inspiration
Dream and reality
Memory and dreams : the creative human mind
Cardiovascular risk factors in mild obstructive sleep apnea? : the outcome of lifestyle intervention with weight reduction
Private myths : dreams and dreaming
Physical activity and sleep profiles in Finnish men and women
Visions of the night : a study of Jewish dream interpretation
Effects of irregular wake-sleep rhythm on health, well-being and sleep in night shift workers
The dream hunter
The adverse effects of domestic violence on psychosocial well-being
Variation in the progressive : a corpus-based study into world Englishes
The night iceberg
The content analysis of dreams
Sleep and dreaming : origins, nature and functions
An investigation into the role of exposure to speech sounds during sleep in auditory perceptual learning
Queen of dreams
City of the dead : a Claire DeWitt mystery
The sleep quality of children with ADHD type of symptoms : a study on body motility
