http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1791 mustelids
mustelids
Skull-damaging helminths in mustelids in Fennoscania
Otters : Ecology and conservation
Wildlife populations in Finland during 1990-1995, based on wildlife triangle data
Proceedings of the third International Theriological Congress, Helsinki 15-20 August 1982. 6, Symposia on lagomorphs, beaver, bear, wolf and mustelids
Summary: Data of 31 wolverine dens found in Finnish Lapland since the Second World War were received from hunters. The first newly born cubs were found in late January and early February.
Nutrition and behavior of uncommon species
Walker's carnivores of the world
Summary: Two cases of leg anomalies confined to the fore-legs in wolverine cubs are reported. The anomalies are described in detail, and the possible causes of these malformations are discussed. Genetic factors are considered to afford the most likely explanation.
BSAVA manual of exotic pets : a foundation manual
Breeding biology of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.) in Finland
Embryo technology in the farmed European polecat (Mustela putorius)
Women & weasels : mythologies of birth in ancient Greece and Rome
Predation risk shaping individual behaviour, life histories and species interactions in small mammals
30 years observations on population dynamics of red squirrel, flying squirrel, chipmunk, red and bank voles and mustelids by trapping on sites of the Pechoro-Ylychsky zapovednik
Quaternary evolution of the genus Martes (Carnivora, Mustelidae)
Badgerlands : the twilight world of Britain's most enigmatic animal
Reproductive biology and embryo technology in Mustelidae
Ultimate wildlife. 3, The raccoon family, the weasel and skunk families, the civet and genet families, the mongoose family
Mammals of the Soviet Union. Vol. 2, P. 1b, Carnivora (Weasels. Additional species)
Two cases of perodactylus in the same litter of the wolverine (Gulo gulo L.)
Interactions between small mustelids and voles in Fennoscandia
Diagnostics and epidemiology of Aleutian mink disease virus
Behaviour, dynamics and ecological impact of small mustelids
Regulation of cyclic small mammal populations by avian and mammalian predation
Ferrets! : for today's pet owner
Marine mammals of California
Small mustelids and breeding suppression of cyclic microtines: adaptation or general sensitivity?
Ferret husbandry, medicine and surgery
