http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18007 best practices
best practices
Enhancing Excellence of Education in Egypt : Experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Security management systems for the supply chain : best practices for implementing supply chain security : assessments and plans = Systèmes de management de la sûreté pour la chaîne d'approvisionnement : meilleures pratiques pour la mise en application de la sûreté pour la chaîne d'approvisionnement : évaluations et plans
Systems engineering simplified
Abstract: Identifying the best practice in the manual order picking area.
Sound mining in the North : a guide to environmental regulation and best practices supporting social sustainability
Incident reporting in shipping : experiences and best practices for the Baltic Sea
Child protection practice
Signs of change : new directions in theatre education
Leasing agricultural land
Unaccompanied refugee minors in Finland : challenges and good practices in a Nordic context
Abstract: Analysis of good practices and used methods in research articles of  culturally competent care : applied systematic literature review.  Background: The ever-increasing multicultural population in the world creates a significant challenge to nurses providing  individualized and holistic care to their patients. Finland is one of the countries that are facing these challenges. In between  1973 and 2003, 22 250 refugees immigrated to Finland and they started facing problems related to cultural differences. The  social and health care system then needs to develop cultural competence care in immigration population. This final project is  a part of Local and Global Development in Health Care, which is a joint project between social and health care.  Purpose: The purpose of this final project is to describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent  care.  Method: Using an applied systematic literature review, the author appraise the methodological rigor of studies published in  English from 2000-2009. These include: qualitative and quantitative study, full article for review, and targeted studies to  describe the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. The most common reasons for exclusion  were that the finding was not relevant to the study questions. The conceptual framework for this study is based on the  Papadopoulos, Tilki and Taylor model for developing cultural competence.  Results: This study describes the best practices and used research methods in culturally competent care. This review  confirms that there was uniformity of used methods in the articles. These are: interviews and questioners, and surveys from  recorded or available data. These methods help to explore the minority's experience of culturally competent care in health  care. This best practices analysis describe that racial and ethnic minority respondents were more likely to perceive bias and  lack of culturally competent care when seeking treatment in the health care system overall than whites. Perceptions of  racism and mistrust of whites had a significant negative effect on trust and satisfaction from received care. Patients'  preferences for a same race or same ethnicity physician were also associated as a preferable encounter in patient-physician  relationships.  Conclusion: This review confirms that there is uniformity in the data collecting methods such as focus group and telephone  interviews, questioners and records or available method. These methods help to identify the minority's challenges in their  health and illness needs. According to this review the minority patient were experiencing different challenges and bias.  Some of the challenges were language barriers, language and racial discriminations, and communication problems. These  kinds of problems lead the minority patients to dissatisfaction of their care and poor communication. Developing  transcultural nursing practice is a key factor to minimize cultural challenges and to provide quality patient care.
The ethics of caring for older people
Facilities management best practice in the Nordic countries : 36 cases
Good practices from Valtava Gender Mainstreaming Programme
Women and elderly on the BSR labour market : good practices' analysis and transfer
Transnational research programmes on environment : analysis of ERA-Nets' experiences and recommendations for good practices
On-farm post-harvest management of food grains : a manual for extension workers with special reference to Africa
Empirical study of project management practices
Management and leadership development
Use of register and administrative data sources for statistical purposes : best practices of Statistics Finland
Developing best practices for promoting private sector investment in infrastructure. Roads
Innovation strategy : seven keys to creative leadership and a sustainable business model
Transnational research programmes on environment : analysis of Era-Nets' experiences and recommendations for good practices
Building a travel risk management program : traveler safety and duty of care for any organization
Reco : regions in collaboration to improve health and quality of life for elderly
IT best practices : management, teams, quality, performance, and projects
Global software engineering : challenges and solutions framework
How do practitioners step up to the professional challenge of keeping children safe? Leading author Harry Ferguson draws on his own research, personal experience and real-life case studies to challenge the way we think about child protection. This highly original and engaging book captures the daily reality of practice within life's most personal spaces, and offers a rare insight into the lived experience of working with vulnerable children, their parents and other carers. Blending diverse ideas from across the social sciences, the book addresses some of the key issues faced by practitioners today: a- How do you navigate the private areas of a child's life -- their home, their bedroom, their emotional world? a- What do you do when confronted with parents or carers who are resistant, aggressive or deceitful? a- Why is appropriate touch an essential element of relating to children, and how can you develop the professional resilience to use it effectively? An inspiring declaration of the need for a new, intimate approach to child protection, this ground-breaking book lays the foundations of skilful, authoritative practice. It is a must for any student or practitioner within this challenging field.
There is clear evidence that higher quality produce fetches higher prices and simple post-harvest management practices can improve the quality of produce and increase farm income. In this regard, farmers can benefit greatly from advice and training in post-harvest management to maintain quality and add value to produce. This manual provides guidance on post-harvest management of food grains at the farm. It aims to guide extension workers on how to advise farmers in maintaining and adding value to the quality of their stored produce--Publisher's description.
Facilities management for students and practitioners
Best practices in planning and performance management : from data to decisions
Best practices in customer service
Implementing programmes to improve safety and quality in fruit and vegetable supply chains : benefits and drawbacks : Latin American case studies
GAMP 5 : a risk-based approach to compliant GxP computerized systems
Experiences in the management of research funding programmes for environmental protection : including recommendations for best practice
Environmental impact assessment in the Arctic : a guide to best practice
Waterpraxis : main activities and findings of the project
Planning behaviour-driven energy efficiency interventions in a city context
Teaching and learning : international best practice
Nordic inspiration : fresh approaches to museum learning / [editing: Tine Seligmann and Dorthe Godsk Larsen]
Reaching the peak : a manual for identifying, transferring and adopting innovations
The better practices of project management : based on IPMA competences
Best practices of fire use : prescribed burning and suppression fire programmes in selected case-study regions in Europe
Environmental good practice on site
Animal diseases that are known to spread primarily through human activities can be prevented and controlled through the application of biosecurity measures along the production and marketing chain, together with increased awareness and education. With this document, FAO, OIE and the World Bank aim to provide applied biosecurity recommendations to all pork production stakeholders in the numerous pig farming systems worldwide, particularly in developing and transition countries. Pig farmers are the main intended beneficiaries of the paper, but it is also of use to veterinary and technical service providers who are in a position to deliver and implement the proposed measures, to decision-makers in government and to project managers in agricultural development.--Publisher's description.
The inclusive education checklist : a self-assessment of best practices
Pattern language for project management in global software development
Event tourism : critical concepts in tourism. Vol. 3, Event tourism and destinations : case studies and best practice
LIFE and resource efficiency : decoupling growth from resource use
Good emergency management practice : the essentials: a guide to preparing for animal health emergencies
Good practices for biosecurity in the pig sector : issues and options in developing and transition countries
Rural transport solutions in Northern periphery : existing transport services in RTS partner regions : structure, modes, challenges and best practices
Methodologies for recruitment services and vocational guidance : transnational report 2001.
Security management systems for the supply chain. Best practices for implementing supply chain security, assessments and plans. Requirements and guidance
The state of democratic theory
Service concepts and service integration in Costa del Sol
The best in heritage : Dubrovnik, 22-24 September 2011 : in partnership with Europa Nostra : with new projects dedicated to the memory of Kenneth Hudson OBE and Georges Henri Riviere
Well-being at work - new innovations and good practices
Multidimensional evidence-based practice : synthesizing knowledge, research, and values
Identifying the best practice in the manual order picking area
Handbook on e-democracy
Analysis of best practices and used methods in research articles of culturally competent care: applied systematic literature review
Ground rules for social research : guidelines for good practice
Best practices in innovation policies
Effective targeting of agricultural policies : best practices for policy design and implementation
Data Handling and Analysis
Good practices for the feed industry : implementing the Codex Alimentarius Code of Practice on Good Animal Feeding
The overall aim of the Egyptian Twinning project described here was to strengthen the institutional and technical capacity of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Education (NAQAAE) in line with the relevant European best practices. The soul of Twinning is, however, about cooperation between people. Accordingly, the project stood for strengthening partner- ship between experts and institutions in Egypt, Finland and Germany. It was not about replicating European systems but rather seeking the best practices of all and for all. Solving complex challenges always raises possibilities for everyone to learn more: about the content itself through theories and their manifold applications for diverse practices, but also about organisations and cultures besides international cooperation, collegiality, friendship and ourselves as persons and experts in a multidimensional global world. In the texts here, the authors tell about their experiences of all of these.
Strategy and business process management : techniques for improving execution, adaptability, and consistency
Heretic's guide to best practices : the reality of managing complex problems in organisations
Poverty alleviation through tourism : a compilation of good practices
There is no one-size-fits-all way to keep pace with the changes affecting high school students and those who educate them. That's why Joan Lazarus has gathered here the insights of hundreds of secondary school theater teachers and teaching artists on how they have responded to the shifting demands of theater education in today's schools. She paints a portrait of active, dynamic professionals who build vibrant programs and confront challenges in a variety of ways - from inclusive, interactive lessons to comprehensive programs that address the impact of poverty, race, gender, and spirituality on students' lives. In the process, she shows how real teachers bring about real change. An accessible and up-to-date guide to best practices in theater education, this expanded and revised edition encompasses new hands-on activities - drawn from the author's in-depth interviews and research.
Towards good practices for practice-oriented assessment in European vocational education
Annual responsibility report 2011
We have evidence! : how vocational skills demonstrations have been implemented in practice : summary
Comfort and design : principles and good practice
Best practices of fire use - prescribed burning and suppression fire programmes in selected case-study regions in Europe
WBL-TOI Manual : manual for planning of work-based learning - transfer of innovations
This publication describes the project implemented in Egypt and funded through EU Twinning funding which developed the operations of the National Authority for Quality Assurance and Accreditation of Egypt (NAQAAE). Implemented in 2013−2015, the project was the first Twinning project in the education sector in Finland, and it was coordinated by the Teacher Education College of JAMK University of Applied Sciences. The authors include experts from Finland, Germany and Egypt who worked in the project. In the articles, the authors describe from various viewpoints their experiences with the implementation of the project; content development work; challenges in project management; and the everyday incidents and fascination of international project cooperation.
Non-binding guide to good practice for implementing the European Parliament and Council Directive 1999/92/EC on minimum requirements for improving the safety and health protection of workers potentially at risk from explosive atmospheres
The teacher's toolkit. Volume 1, Promoting variety, engagement, and motivation in the classroom
4Work-development partnership : good practice guide
Abstract: Evaluation and good practice in social services : expert discussions on the future.
Empowering asylum seekers : developing good practice
Annual responsibility report 2009
Developing a crisis communication scorecard : outcomes of an international research project 2008-2011 (Ref.)
Enhancing excellence of education in Egypt : experiences in promoting accreditation and quality assurance system
Multicultural guidance and counselling : theoretical foundations and best practices in Europe
Total facility management
School and youth work in support of youth education : cooperation models and good practices in the County of Kent and the Province of Southern Finland : project report
Practicing participation : exchanging good practices for the promotion of an active citizenship in the European Union : Good Citizen Participation Practices conference
Ensitiedon antaminen : irlantilainen suositus = Informing families of their child ́s disabilities : national best practice guidelines
Museum of failed HIV research
Best Finnish practices on joint construction of infrastructure networks : examples of coordinated construction of transport infrastructure, water supply networks and electricity and telecommunications cables in Finland
The roadside MBA : real-world lessons for entrepreneurs, start-ups and small businesses
Best practice cases : 4th Quality Conference 2006 for Public Administrations in the EU : Building Sustainable Quality : 27.-29. September 2006, Tampere, Finland
