http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18057 chipping (crushing)
chipping (crushing)
Small-scale production and use of wood fuel
The effect of mechanization level and harvesting system on the thinning cost of Mediterranean softwood plantations
Drum chipper R910 Evolution
An example of terrain chipping system in first commercial thinning
Performance of a small and a medium sized professional chippers and the impact of storage time on Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) stem wood chips characteristics
Chunking and chipping with conescrew chipper
The primary aim of this study was to clarify the chipping productivity and fuel consumption of tractor-powered and truck-mounted drum chippers when chipping pine pulpwood at a terminal. The secondary aim was to evaluate the impact of wood storage time on the chemical and physical technical specifications of wood chips by chipping pulpwood from eight different storage time groups, using Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris) pulpwood stems logged between 2 and 21 months previously at the terminal with the above-mentioned chippers. Thirdly, the impact of sieve mesh size on the particle size distribution of wood chips from different age groups was compared by using an 80 mm × 80 mm sieve for a tractor-powered chipper and a 100 mm × 100 mm sieve for a truck-mounted chipper. With both chippers, the chipping productivity grew as a function of grapple load weight. The average chipping productivity of the tractor-powered chipper unit was 19 508 kg (dry mass) per effective hour (E0h), and for the truck-mounted chipper the average productivity was 31 184 kg E0h-1. The tractor-powered drum chipper's fuel consumption was 3.1 litres and for the truck-mounted chipper 3.3 litres per chipped 1000 kg (dry mass). The amount of extractives or volatiles did not demonstrate any statistically significant differences between storage time groups. The particle size distributions with both chippers were quite uniform, and the storage time of pulpwood did not have a significant effect on the particle size distribution in any chip size classes. One reason for this might be that the basic density of chipped wood was homogenous and there was no statistical difference between different storage times. The use of new sharp knives is likely to have affected chip quality, as witnessed by the absence of oversized particles and the moderate presence of fines. The use of narrower 80 mm × 80 mm sieves on Scots pine material does not seem to offer any benefit compared to 100 mm × 100 mm from the chip quality point of view..
Monitoring the chipping and transportation of wood fuels with a fleet management system
MOHA - flexible technology and logistics for production of fuel chips
Operational efficiency of forest energy supply chains in different operational environments
Growing demand for chipset
Integrated production method of wood fuel and pulp wood
Harvesting fuel chips with the Pallari swath harvester = Polttopuun korjuu Pallarin leikkuuhakkurilla
Energy technology programmes 1993-1998 : evaluation report
Comparing the efficiency of drum and disc chippers
Raw material balance for debarking and chipping of pine pulpwood from first thinnings at a Finnish pulp mill
