http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18049 constellations (systems in natural science)
constellations (systems in natural science)
The data book of astronomy. Patrick Moore
The illustrated guide to the night sky
Skywatching : the ultimate guide to the universe
The Saami shaman drum
Illustrated encyclopedia of universe
"This book brings together the finest collection available of star clusters, galaxies, nebulae and other such spectacular phenomena caught on film. Each beautiful image, made from a series of delicate yet rich platinum prints, is accompanied by a clear and engaging caption. Malin's short texts (approximately 100 words) describe the depicted phenomena and some of the mythology surrounding them. The book is divided into nine sections, using the constellations as a framework to identify the positions of the images in the sky. Each section is introduced by a short text describing the featured constellations and a celestial map. In his introductory essay, Malin outlines the history and importance of photographing the night sky, describing how very long exposures taken with a telescope reveal stars and distant galaxies too faint to be seen by the eye. By studying galaxies, we learn about our origins and perhaps our destiny and, the origins of the ingredients of life and the destinies of stars like the Sun and the planets associated with them. Much of our current knowledge on these subjects was gleaned from black and white photographs like those in this book, which were originally taken for scientific purposes. Using the world's most sophisticated telescopes and his own revolutionary techniques, Malin brings us awe-inspiring images of distant worlds and amazing phenomena. He is a pioneer of space photography and has invented new ways of capturing the unseen universe on photographic plates, leading to the discovery of two new types of galaxies. His photographs capture light that has traveled immense distances, sometimes thousands of light years, to reach us."
Astronomy manual : the practical guide to the night sky
Ancient light : a portrait of the universe
The monthly sky guide
Space : discover astronomy & space exploration
The Cambridge star atlas
Stellar structure and evolution
Philip's stargazing with Mark Thompson : essential guide to astronomy
See inside space
Universe : a journey from Earth to the edge of the cosmos
Illustrated encyclopedia of the universe
Collins night sky & starfinder
Stars and beyond
The star atlas companion : what you need to know about the constellations
Stories in the stars : an atlas of constellations
Universe : a journey from earth to the edge of the cosmos
Shier shengxiao de gushi = Story of the Chinese zodiac
A down to earth guide to the cosmos
The illustrated atlas of the universe
Collins stars & planets
Constellations : a glow-in-the-dark guide to the night sky
The photographic atlas of the stars
The casual sky observer's guide : stargazing with binoculars and small telescopes
The fixed stars and constellations in astrology
The sun and other stars
Astronomy
Universe
Zoo in the sky : a book of animal constellations
Uranometria 2000.0 : deep sky atlas. Volume 1, The northern hemisphere to -6o
Capturing the stars : astrophotography by the masters
Stars over Europe
Star maps : history, artistry, and cartography
The astronomy bible : the definitive guide to the night sky and the universe
Philip's astrophotography with Mark Thompson : essential guide to photographing the night sky
Turn left at Orion : a hundred night sky objects to see in a small telescope - and how to find them
Star watch : the amateur astronomer's guide to finding, observing and learning about 125 celestial objects
Legends of the stars
The constellations : an enthusiast's guide to the night sky
