http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18086 international trade law
international trade law
International Chamber of Commerce arbitration
Comparison between covenant clauses of the eurocurrency loan agreements and act on the recovery of property to the estate of a bankrupt person
Rules of contract law : selections from the Uniform commercial code, the CISG,  the Restatement (second) of contracts, and the UNIDROIT Principles with material on contract drafting and sample examination questions and answers
Summary (s. 8-9).
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 4 : chapters XI - XIV
Clive M. Schmitthoff's select essays on international trade law
The WTO dispute settlement procedures : a collection of the relevant legal texts
Article 74 of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Loan agreement documentation : sample annotated loan agreement for a syndicated eurodollar transaction
Carriage of goods by sea
EU annual report on human rights 2008
The international arbitral process : public and private. J. Gillis Wetter. Volume 5 : chapters XIV - XVII
Judicial review of anti-dumping and other safeguard measures in the European Community
International business transactions
The draft Uncitral digest and beyond : cases, analysis and unresolved issues in the U.N. sales convention : papers of the Pittsburgh conference organized by the Center for International Legal Education (CILE)
The extraterritorial application of national laws
The jurisprudence of the Iran-United States Claims Tribunal
CISG Part II Conference (Stockholm, 4-5 September 2008)
International trade policy : the lawyer's perspective
Compensation and restitution in investor-state arbitration : principles and practice
Data exclusivity in the European free trade agreements and access to medicine in the developing countries
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 7
A new approach to international commercial contracts : the Unidroit principles of international commercial contracts
International antitrust law & policy
Warranties and liability for defects in the international sale of goods
Retention of title : a practical ICC guide to legislation in 35 countries
Understanding trade law
Swap finanging techniques
The comparative law yearbook of international business. 30
International investment law : understanding concepts and tracking innovations
Handbook of international law
Basic documents on international trade law
Legal aspects of international trade in art = Les aspects juridiques du commerce international de l'art
Presenting a wealth of highly original and innovative analyses and case studies, this book examines the strategic ties between various emerging economies, their different approaches to finding mutual trade solutions, and new trends in the use of contingent protection. The research methodology can also be applied to the study of specific Latin American countries or other developed or developing states in comparison to China. The book presents new theories and offers a valuable template for further studies in this area. Further, the application of the New Haven approach can further develop the studies' potential to offer guidance in a broader context.
Notes and comments on cases in international law, commercial law and arbitration
Transnational commercial law
Legislating the blind spot : the EU seal regime and the Newfoundland seal hunt
Law and practice of export trade
Law and its limitations in the GATT multilateral trade system
Dalhuisen on transnational comparative, commercial, financial and trade law. Volume 3, Financial products, financial services and financial regulation
International trade regulation : GATT, the United States and the European Community
Regional trade agreements under World Trade Organization law
Carrier's obligations and liabilities in international sea carriage : a comparative study of the nordic maritime codes, chinese martime code and Rotterdam rules
Changing circumstances in international project financed construction contracts
Commercial law and practice
Dictionary of international business law
The Dark side of international business? : stakeholder approach to human trafficking in finnish service and construction sectors
Summary in Russian.
Doing business in China
International purchase contract for design products
Sustainable development in world investment law
Legal aspects of transnational marketing and sales contracts
Reciproci-what? : The concept(s) of reciprocity and the EC Court
Survey of the international sale of goods
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 3 : chapters VIII-X
European Union law for international business : an introduction
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 9
The role of federal courts in U.S. customs & international trade law
Interaction and conflict of treaties in investment arbitration
Elements of Nordic practice 2001 : the Nordic countries in co-ordination
The seller's right to avoidance and monetary relief under the 1980 United Nations Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 8
Understanding the CISG in Scandinavia : a complete guide to the 1980 United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Guide to the Uruguay round agreements
The CMEA uniform law for international sales
The international arbitral process : public and private. Volume 2 : chapters IV-VII
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
Nordic Journal of Commercial Law
International commercial law
The sources of the law of international trade with special reference to East-West trade
Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law : on the work of its 14. session 19.-26.6.1981
Transcending jurisprudence : a critique of the architectonics of international law
Creating an integrated society and recognising differences : the role and limits of human rights, with special reference to Europe
Managing contracts in subcontracting relations : example in the textile and clothing industry
Doing Business 2016 is the 13th publication in a series of annual reports comparing business regulation in 189 economies. This year the publication addresses regulations affecting 11 areas of everyday business activity including: Starting a business Dealing with construction permits Getting electricity Registering property Getting credit Protecting minority investors Paying taxes Trading across borders Enforcing contracts Resolving insolvency Labor market regulations Doing Business 2016 updates all indicators as of June 1, 2015, ranks economies on their overall ease of doing business, and analyzes reforms to business regulation identifying which economies are strengthening their business environment the most. This report illustrates how reforms in business regulations are being used to analyze economic outcomes for domestic entrepreneurs and for the wider economy. It is a flagship product produced by the World Bank Group that garners worldwide attention on regulatory barriers to entrepreneurship. More than 60 economies have used the Doing Business indicators to shape reform agendas and monitor improvements on the ground. In addition, the Doing Business data has generated over 2,000 articles in peer-reviewed academic journals since its inception.
Nordic hesitancy regarding Part II of the CISG
Licensing royalty rates : 2007 edition
Commercial law
UNIDROIT principles for international commercial contracts : a new lex mercatoria?
The buyer's right to avoid a contract under the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) in the light of Case Law
Settlements of trade disputes between China and Latin American countries
The law and economics of contingent protection in the WTO
The three laws of international investment : national, contractual, and international frameworks for foreign capital
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 10
(Non-)conformity in the 1980 UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods : a uniform concept?
WTO dispute settlement decisions in the EC legal order : any benefit to private parties in actions under article 288(2) EC?
Outlines & highlights for international business law
International business : the new realities
The creeping codification of the lex mercatoria
Whose Europe? : competing visions for 1992
Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law : on the work of its 16. session 24.5.-3.6.1983
Procedure and evidence in international arbitration
Yearbook commercial arbitration
Dictionary of trade policy terms
Improving International arbitration : the need for speed and trust : liber amicorum Michel Gaudet
The Gatt panels and the formation of international trade law
Doing business 2016 : measuring regulatory quality and efficiency : comparing business regulation for domestic firms in 189 economies : a World Bank Group flagship report
The Lex mercatoria in theory and practice
The East African Community and the Common Market
World trade law : text, materials and commentary
Global offerings of securities : access to world equity capital markets
Legal control of the multinational enterprise : national regulatory techniques and the prospects for international controls
Commercial and consumer law : national and international dimensions
Illusion of incoherence : the right to access to medicines, WTO medicines decision and TRIPS-Plus measures
The law of international trade
Procedure and enforcement in E.C. and U.S. competition law : proceedings of the Leiden Europa Instituut seminar on user-friendly competition law
The application and the interpretation of the CISG in the Finnish case law 1997-2005
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 11
Abstract: Purpose of this study was to help Suca Company Ltd to make international purchase  contract for its design products. Main question was: What is international purchase  contract and why it is important to make one for a start? This study was carried  through as action research. Current literature, interviews and own observation were  mainly used as sources.  First part of this study presented trade regulations and contract regulations of International  Trade Law. It also presented contract drawing by processing professional  competence of the seller, terms of agreement, risk-sharing and claims management  concerning international purchase contracts. Second part of this study implemented  five interviews, which were performed as theme interviews. It also contained researchers  own observation. Second part of this study focused on answering the main  question of this study and also following research questions: Why Finnish companies  make international purchase? What kind of international purchase contracts Finnish  companies make? What kind of international purchase contract is well prepared?  The third part of this study focused on analyzing the results of action research and  drawing conclusions based on those results. This study gained to introduce and explain  most important things concerning international purchase contracts reflecting  Suca Company's situation. It gave Suca Company Ltd acquirements to make successful  international purchase contracts with Italian manufacturer. It will also perform  as guideline concerning all possible international purchase contracts in the future.
Aides et mesures de sauvegarde en droit international economique = Aids and safeguard measures in international trade law
Schmitthoff's export trade : the law and practice of international trade
Data protection in practice : international service bureaux and transnational data flows
International Chamber of Commerce Arbitration
International investment law : a changing landscape
CISG and unification of international trade law
Current issues on international financial law
Article 77 of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
Effective dispute resolution for the international commercial lawyer
Competition in international business : law and policy on restrictive practices
International investment instruments : a compendium. Vol. 12
The United Nations child policy : international games of morality and power
Recovering Damages for Loss of Goodwoll under the UN Convention on the International Sale of Goods (CISG)
Uniform sales law : the UN-convention on contracts for the international sale of goods
Good faith and fair dealing in international commercial contracts : particularly in the context of the UNIDROIT-principles
