http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18012 criminal investigation police
criminal investigation police
Transnational enforcement of the financial interests of the European Union : developments in the Treaty of Amsterdam and the Corpus Juris
Saturday the Rabbi went hungry
Shutter island
Death at the alma mater
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec and his team of investigators are called in to the scene of a suspicious death in a rural village south of Montreal. Jane Neal, a local fixture in the tiny hamlet of Three Pines, just north of the U.S. border, has been found dead in the woods. The locals are certain it's a tragic hunting accident and nothing more, but Gamache smells something foul in these remote woods, and is soon certain that Jane Neal died at the hands of someone much more sinister than a careless bowhunter.--From publisher description.
The kill call
The dapper detective Hercule Poirot, for whom murder-solving is a precise, intellectual exercise, agrees to interview all aboard the famous train's Calais coach, hoping to find the killer of an American millionaire before the local police arrive.
The visitor
After the body of a well-dressed man is discovered in several places, Detective Sergeant Diane Fry and Detective Constable Ben Cooper are plunged into a violent world involving hunters, hounds, horses, thieves, saboteurs, and the meat trade, discovering clues linking the crime to events in the past.
Death of a celebrity
The cruelest month
As a detective lieutenant with the LAPD, Peter Decker witnessed enough ugliness and chaos for a lifetime. Now, he and his devoted wife Rina Lazarus are ready to enjoy the quiet beauty of upstate New York, where they can be closer to their four adult children and their foster son. But working for the Greenbury Police department isn't as fulfilling as Decker hoped. While Rina has adapted beautifully to their new surroundings, Decker is underwhelmed and frustrated by his new partner, Tyler McAdams, a former Harvard student and young buck with a bad 'tude. Just when he thinks he's made a mistake, Decker is called to his first real crime here--a possible break-in at the local cemetery. At first, it seems like a false alarm until it's discovered that a mausoleum's stunning Tiffany panels have been replaced by forgeries. Then, a coed at one of the exclusive local colleges is brutally murdered. Poking into the hallowed halls of academia to find a killer, Decker and McAdams are drawn deep into a web of dark secrets, cold case crimes, international intrigue, and ruthless people who kill for sport. Suddenly, the job is anything but boring. This case just might be too much to handle and Decker will have to draw on every ounce of experience that he has garnered in the past thirty years as a Homicide cop. And then again, even that might not be enough!
The theory of death
One last breath : a Cooper & Fry mystery
The liberals and J. Edgar Hoover : rise and fall of a domestic intelligence state
The final cut
Snow White must die
Speaking from among the bones : a Flavia de Luce novel
Chief Inspector Armand Gamache of the Sûreté du Québec is called to investigate the death of a villager at an Easter séance that was held at the Old Hadley House.
International criminal law : a collection of international and European instruments
Southwold mystery
Nights of awe
Sergeant Amy Callan and Lieutenant Caroline Cook have a lot in common. They're both army career women, they're both victims of sexual harrassment by their superiors, they're both forced to resign from the service. And now they're both dead. Only Jack Reacher can discover their killer.
The dead place : a Cooper & Fry mystery
Dying to sin : Cooper & Fry mystery
Two little girls in blue
Studies of satellite-based tracking systems for improving law enforcement : comprising investigation data, digital evidence and monitoring of legality
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D from the earliest times to the present day
European sourcebook of crime and criminal justice statistics 2014
A cold and lonely place : a novel
Tuesday the rabbi saw red
Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd
As chimney sweepers come to dust : a Flavia de Luce novel
The hangman
When the corpse of a brutally mutilated murder victim turns up at the time of the full moon, accompanied by some most unusual paw prints, professional wizard and supernatural investigator Harry Dresden finds himself searching Chicago for the werewolf stalking the city / WorldCat.
The cinderella murder : an under suspicion novel
The con men : hustling in New York City
Wednesday the rabbi got wet
Scotland Yard : a personal inquiry
Murder and Mendelssohn
Saving faith
Wicked business : a Lizzy and Diesel novel
Crime fiction
American tabloid
Death of a poison pen
Murder on the Orient Express
The mammoth book of new CSI
Death by water
Dead man's chest
The Federal Bureau of Investigation
Teknisen rikostutkinnan vuosisata : valokuvia matkan varrelta = Hundra år av teknisk brottsutredning : en fotografisk resa = Hundred years of forensic investigation : a photographic journey
The Cézanne Chase
Demon and the city : a detective inspector Chen novel
The girl in the ice
The bat
I am your judge : a novel
X is for..
The narrows
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Second honeymoon
The sweetness at the bottom of the pie
Police detectives in history, 1750-1950
Scared to live
Policing : a short history
Statistics on offences and coercive measures
How the light gets in : chief inspector Gamache novel
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
A question of blood
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
Iron khan : a detective inspector Chen novel
Darkness first
Crime beat : true stories of cops and killers
The idea of police
Snake agent : a detective inspector Chen novel
The chill of night : [a novel of suspense]
Returned from the dead, an unexplained revival that has left her plagued by nightmares, cop and single mom Charlie Madigan must stop the distribution of an off-world drug called ash, while protecting her loved ones from a force more powerful than heaven and hell combined.
Whose body?
To steal her love
The FBI : a history
The story of Scotland Yard : a history of the C.I.D. from earliest times to the present day
Between summer's longing and winter's end
The ascent of the detective : police sleuths in Victorian and Edwardian England
Policing world society : historical foundations of international police cooperation
The monogram murders : the new Hercule Poirot mystery
The making of a detective
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Driving heat
The cutting
Saving Faith
Amos Decker, newly hired to a FBI special task force, takes an interest in convicted murderer Melvin Mars case when he discovers the eerie similarities to his own life.
Learning to work together : collaboration between authorities in economic-crime investigation
The eighth day
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Monday the rabbi took off
Death of a snob
Perhaps her darkest and most chilling novel, it features a remorseless serial killer who leaves no trace of his crimes. Once again breaking the rules and establishing new paths, Grafton wastes little time identifying this sociopath. The test is whether Kinsey can prove her case against him before she becomes his next victim.
Shadow pavilion : a detective inspector Chen novel
"Hailed as "a combination of Eloise and Sherlock Holmes" by The Boston Globe, Flavia de Luce returns in the much anticipated new mystery novel from award-winning and New York Times bestselling author Alan Bradley.  In spite of being ejected from Miss Bodycote's Female Academy in Canada, twelve-year-old Flavia de Luce is excited to be sailing home to England. But instead of a joyous homecoming, she is greeted on the docks with unfortunate news: Her father has fallen ill, and a hospital visit will have to wait while he rests. But with Flavia's blasted sisters and insufferable cousin underfoot, Buckshaw now seems both too empty--and not empty enough. Only too eager to run an errand for the vicar's wife, Flavia hops on her trusty bicycle, Gladys, to deliver a message to a reclusive wood-carver. Finding the front door ajar, Flavia enters and stumbles upon the poor man's body hanging upside down on the back of his bedroom door. The only living creature in the house is a feline that shows little interest in the disturbing scene. Curiosity may not kill this cat, but Flavia is energized at the prospect of a new investigation. It's amazing what the discovery of a corpse can do for one's spirits. But what awaits Flavia will shake her to the very core.  Acclaim for Alan Bradley's beloved Flavia de Luce novels, winners of the Crime Writers' Association Debut Dagger Award, Barry Award, Agatha Award, Macavity Award, Dilys Award, and Arthur Ellis Award    "If ever there were a sleuth who's bold, brilliant, and, yes, adorable, it's Flavia de Luce."--USA Today    "[Flavia] is as addictive as dark chocolate."--Daily Mail    "Flavia de Luce is still the world's greatest adolescent British chemist/busybody/sleuth."--The Seattle Times"--
There's never been a female on the Dallas SWAT team and Senior Corporal Xander Riggs prefers it that way. The elite pack of alpha male wolfshifters is no place for a woman. But Khaki Blake is no ordinary woman. When Khaki walks through the door attractive as hell and smelling like heaven, Xander doesn't know what the heck to do. Worse, she's put under his command and Xander's protective instincts go on high alert. When things start heating up both on and off the clock, it's almost impossible to keep their heads in the game and their hands off each other.
Thornhill
Sunday the rabbi stayed home
The last mile
Last call : the rise and fall of Prohibition
Thursday the rabbi walked out
1st to die
W is for wasted
Wolf trouble
Murder 101 : a Decker/Lazarus novel
The investigation of crime : a guide to police powers
Willowgrove
Irrefutable evidence : adventures in the history of forensic science
The policing of politics in the twentieth century : historical perspectives
While working for the Greenbury Police Department in upstate New York, Peter Decker must draw from his years of experience as a homicide cop when a break-in at the local cemetery leads him into a world of art forgery and murder that is linked to cold case crimes, international intrigue and ruthless people who kill for sport.
Death and the lit chick
Fractured
Friday the rabbi slept late
Forensics for dummies
The priest of evil
The suspicions of Mr. Whicher : a shocking murder and the undoing of a great Victorian detective
Homicide : a year on the killing streets
The official encyclopedia of Scotland Yard
"From a bucolic English town in the countryside with a quirky cast and a surprisingly lethal underbelly, the beloved amateur detective Flavia de Luce returns in a dazzling mystery from bestselling author Alan Bradley"--
Behind God's back
22 little dead bodies
The mysterious affair at Styles
Night rounds
The better part of darkness
The Castlemaine murders
Case one : knock down
The dead in their vaulted arches : a Flavia de Luce novel
Death of a cozy writer
