http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18073 traps
traps
Mission: impossible : special collector's edition
The power
It was one of those childhood friendships of convenience - two lads in the same village who go to the same school. But then Cassidy gets it into his head that they should set traps for rats in his garden, and things start to go very, very wrong / WorldCat.
Dara's clever trap : a story from Cambodia
The Santa trap
The informationist
Space activities of the United Nations and international organizations : a review of the activities and resources of the United Nations, its specialized agencies and other international bodies relating to the peaceful uses of outer space
The trap
A way of life
The boy who stole Attila's horse
The last honeytrap
What does a pathetic class of misfits have in their arsenal to combat their schoolteacher’s alien technology, bizarre powers and...tentacles?! Ever caught yourself screaming, "I could just kill that teacher"? What would it take to justify such antisocial behavior and weeks of detention? Especially if he's the best teacher you've ever had? Giving you an "F" on a quiz? Mispronouncing your name during roll call...again? How about blowing up the moon and threatening to do the same to Mother Earth—unless you take him out first?! Plus a reward of a cool 100 million from the Ministry of Defense! Okay, now that you're committed... How are you going to pull this off? The Grim Reaper sets up a lethal trap that buries Mr. Karasuma and Ms. Vitch alive. Will Mr. Karasuma’s repressed feelings surface before he and Ms. Vitch do? And how will Mr. Karasuma face Death? Then, despite his vow to destroy the planet in March, Koro Sensei offers career counseling to his students. Nagisa’s professional goal raises some serious issues. And finally, it’s time for the next school festival showdown. Class A and Class E compete for the most customers. If they build it, will they come…to the top of 3-E’s remote mountaintop?
The influence of weather factors on insect catches in traps equipped with different lamps in Northern Finland
Dumb chocolate eyes
Assassination Classroom. 13. Time for a little career counseling
Pirate Patch and the message in a bottle
Dragonspell : the Southern Sea
The rebel's assault
Orientation of mosquitoes (Dipt., Culicidae) to artificial lights in Northern Finland
A study of South American Indian hunting traps
