http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18076 commemorative volumes
commemorative volumes
Platonic ideas and concept formation in ancient and medieval thought
Vistas in botany
Kustaa Vilkuna in honour of his 75th birthday 26th October 1977.
Explanatory connections : electronic essays dedicated to Matti Sintonen
Centres of cataclysm : celebrating fifty years of Modern poetry in translation
Thoughts on family, gender, generation and class : a festschrift to Ulla Björnberg
Essays in mathematical economics : in honor of Oskar Morgenstern
Studia præhistorica fennica C. F. Meinander
Change and persistence in Thai society : essays in honor of Lauriston Sharp
Devadattīyam : Johannes Bronkhorst felicitation volume
Aspects of language : studies in honour of Mario Alinei. Vol. 1, Geolinguistics : papers presented to Mario Alinei by his friends and colleagues of the Atlas Linguarum Europae on the occasion of his 60-th birthday
Markets and embeddeness : essays in honour of Ulf Olsson
Odds and ends : philosophical essays dedicated to Wlodek Rabinowicz on the occasion of his fiftieth birthday
Eldritch tales : a miscellany of the macabre
Traditional music and composition : for György Ligeti on his 80th birthday
The collected works of Edward Burnett Tylor. Vol. 8, Anthropological essays presented to Edward Burnett Tylor in honour of his 75th birthday, October 2, 1907.
60th anniversary 1917-1977 : Finnish Lutheran Church, Los Angeles California October 16 1977.
Sociology through time and space : essays in honor of Carl-Gunnar Janson
The limits of empire : European imperial formations in early modern world history : essays in honor of Geoffrey Parker
Weapons, weaponry and man : (in memoriam Vytautas Kazakevičius)
Epic and argument in Sanskrit literary history : essays in honor of Robert P. Goldman
Džangar v evrazijskom prostranstve : materialy meždunarodnoj naučnoj konferencii (27 sentâbrâ - 2 oktâbrâ 2004 g.) = Djanggar in Eurasia : materials of the intrernational scientific conference (September 27 - October 2, 2004) = J̌anghr Evrazii ahu-zääd : nart delkän nomin čuulhna materialmud (2004 ǰilin sentjabrin 27 - oktjabrin 2)
275 let Sankt-Peterburgskij universitet : letopis' 1724-1999 = Annis CCLXXV Universitas Petropolitana : annales MDCCXXIV-MCMXCIX
Ethnographical studies : published on the occasion of the centenary of the Ethnographical Department, National Museum
La Convention européenne des droits de l'homme : un instrument vivant : mélanges en l'honneur de Christos L. Rozakis = The European Convention on Human Rights : a living instrument : essays in honour of Christos L. Rozakis
Papers dedicated to professor Johannes Moustgaard : on the occasion of his seventieth birthday the 26th of September 1981
Standing tall : hommages à Csaba Varga
A glance at Mexican positive law : 40th anniversary of the relations between Mexico and China
Tvorcovia nového Slovenska : zborník k 70-tym narodeninám Jozefa A. Mikuša = The shaping of modern Slovakia : festschrift to the seventieth birthday of Joseph A. Mikus
"A biography of T. S. Eliot from his birth in St. Louis in 1888 to his publication of The Waste Land in 1922"--
Kairos : studies in art history and literature in honour of Professor Gunilla Akerstrom-Hougen
A century of entomology in the Pacific Northwest
Madhu : recent researches in Indian archaeology and art history : shri M. N. Deshpande Festschrift
A celebration of 50 years of progress in biological standardization and control at WHO : WHO Headquarters, Geneva, 25-27 October 1998 : proceedings of a symposium
Essays in honour of Voitto Saario : 70 years, September 13, 1982 [&] Toivo Sainio : 70 years, January 7, 1983
Theatrum legale mundi : symbola Cs. Varga oblata
Aesthetic matters : essays presented to Göran Sörbom on his 60th birthday
Patents and technological progress in a globalized world : liber amicorum Joseph Strauss
Keeping in touch with pragma-dialectics : in honor of Frans H. van Eemeren
Yearbook of population research in Finland. 38, 2002.. articles on demography in honor of professor Tapani Valkonen on his birthday
"Built on the rock" : fiftieth anniversary : 1904-1954
Integraciâ arheologičeskih i ètnografičeskih issledovanij : sbornik naučnyh trudov = Integrating archaeological and ethnographic research : conference proceedings
Connecticut, past, present, and future : in celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences
The politics of crime control : essays in honour of David Downes
A bibliography of legal festschriften
Ajan viira : juhlaruno Tamfeltille sen täyttäessä 200 vuotta 17.5.1997 : a bicentennial poem for Tamfelt Corp. = Time is a wire
Literatury as history : essays in honous of Peter Widdowson
The golden book of Tagore : a homage to Rabindranath Tagore from India and the world in celebration of his seventieth birthday
Essays in Russian and East European history : festschrift in honor of Edward C. Thaden
Papers dedicated to Anders Thornval, professor of oto-laryngology, University of Copenhagen, on his seventieth anniversary 15. december 1953.
Essays on English language in honour of Bertil Sundby
Form, function and variation in English : studies in honour of Klaus Hansen
Public international law : concordance of the Festschriften = Droit international public : concordance des mélanges = Völkerrecht : Festschriftenkonkordanz
Severstal' : žizn' dlinoû v polveka = Severstal : Severstal's half-century history
Svensk festskriftsbibliografi 1936-1960 : Bibliography of Swedish homage volumes 1936-1966
Festschrift for Alan Dundes on the occasion of his sixtieth birthday, September 8, 1994.
In honorem Evert Baudou
Comparisons, regimes, elections : festschrift for Lauri Karvonen
Christos Rozakis served the European Court and the former Commission of Human Rights for twenty-four years, first as a member of the Commission and later as a judge and Vice-President of the Court. On the occasion of his retirement, his colleagues, friends and collaborators wish to express their affection for him and honour his exceptional contribution to the construction of a European system for the protection of human rights.--Résumé de l'éditeur.
25 years of archaeological research in Bohemia : on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the Institute of Archaeology, Prague
Mnimi Martin Jessop Price
The Nordic contracts act : essays in celebration of its one hundredth anniversary. Vol. 2
Zoological papers in honour of his 65th birthday, November 20th, 1956
Ottoman Izmir : studies in honour of Alexander H. de Groot
Pertti Järvinen 60 vuotta työtä tieteen hyväksi = Pertti Järvinen 60 years work for science
Liber amicorum Guido Alpa : private law beyond the national systems
Studies in Latin literature and its tradition : in honour of C. O. Brink
Myth, history and culture in republican Rome : studies in honour of T. P. Wiseman
The unbroken reed : studies in the culture and heritage of Ancient Egypt : in honour of A. F. Shore
Robert P. Goldman, b. 1942, American Indologist.
Studies in folklore : in honor of Distinguished Service Professor Stith Thompson
Vetera reducta : parodos katalogas, 2012 11 15 - 2013 06 15 = The exhibition catalogue, 15 November, 2012 - 15 June, 2013
Ancient Europe and the Mediterranean : studies in honour of Hugh Hencken
Ecology and the sacred : engaging the anthropology of Roy A. Rappaport
From the stone age to the 'Forty-five' : studies presented to R. B. K. Stevenson, former keeper, National Museum of Antiquitues of Scotland
St. John's 1914-1964
Atlantic currents : essays on lore, literature and language : essays in honour of Séamas Ó Catháin on the occasion of his 70th birthday, 31.12.2012 = Sruthanna an Aigéin Thiar : aistí ar sheanchas, ar litríocht agus ar theanga : aistí in onóir do Shéamas Ó Catháin in aois a 70 bliain dó 31.12.2012
Flechten Follmann : contributions to lichenology in honour of Gerhard Follmann
"Unbreakable union of freeborn republics..."
A tribute to Roman Jakobson 1896-1982
Reversibility - does it exist?
Cross-cultural perspectives on music
Aksum, Thyateira : a festschrift for Archbishop Methodios of Thyateira and Great Britain
In this collection of essays, an international team of outstanding scholars engage with the ideas and methods of Professor Peter Wiseman's past and present work. They provide a sustained response to the work of one of the most widely respected Roman historians of this generation. The contributions range over myth (Corialanus and Remus), the interplay between historiography, literature and myth-making (on Cleopatra, for instance), and art and story-telling at Boscoreale. They explore Roman drama (Pacuvius) and links between drama and Virgil's Aeneid; they discuss Catullus in Bithynia and Cicero on Greek and Roman culture. Professor Wiseman has been at the forefront of innovative research in Roman history, historiography, literature in context, drama and myth, for many years. His work is marked by the combination of a powerful historical imagination with an acute sense of the limitations of our knowledge and of the need to negotiate with the complexity of our sources.
Risk alt ̧ndaki global dünya toplumu ve ceza hukuku : Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Hans-Heinrich Jescheck onuruna 27-29 eylül 2009 tarihlerinde çIstanbul'da düzenlenen uluslararas ̧ kolokyumun kitab ̧ = Criminal law in the global risk society : German-Turkish colloquium in honour of Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. mult. Hans-Heinrich Jescheck, Istanbul, 27-29 September 2009
Essays in jurisprudence in honor of Roscoe Pound
Kephalaion : studies in Greek philosophy and its continuation offered to Professor C. J. de Vogel
Studies in Finno-Ugric linguistics : in honor of Alo Raun
De natura rerum : scripta in honorem professoris Olli Koistinen sexagesimum annum complentis
"A groundbreaking new biography of one of the twentieth century's most important poets On the fiftieth anniversary of the death of T. S. Eliot, Robert Crawford presents us with the first volume of a definitive biography of this poetic genius. Young Eliot traces the life of the twentieth century's most important poet from his childhood in St. Louis to the publication of his revolutionary poem The Waste Land. Crawford's depiction of Eliot's childhood--laced with tragedy and shaped by an idealistic, bookish family in which knowledge of saints and martyrs was taken for granted--provides readers with a new understanding of the foundations of some of the most widely read poems in the English language. Meticulously detailed and incisively written, Young Eliot portrays a brilliant, shy, and wounded American who defied his parents' wishes and committed himself to an artistic life as an immigrant in England, creating work that is astonishing in its scope and vulnerability. Quoting extensively from Eliot's poetry and prose as well as drawing on new interviews, archives, and previously undisclosed memoirs, the award-winning biographer Robert Crawford shows how the poet's background in Missouri, Massachusetts, and Paris made him a lightning rod for modernity. Most impressively, Young Eliot reveals the way he accessed his inner life--his anguishes and his fears--and blended them with his omnivorous reading to create his masterpieces "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock" and The Waste Land. At last, we experience T. S. Eliot in all his tender complexity as student and lover, penitent and provocateur, banker and philosopher--but most of all, Young Eliot shows us as an epoch-shaping poet struggling to make art among personal disasters"--
The impact of the word on the world : the Bible from print to computer (1450-2000)
From the realm of the ancestors : an anthology in honor of Marija Gimbutas
The Life of language : papers in linguistics in honor of William Bright
Advances in public economics : utility, choice and welfare : a festschrift for Christian Seidl
Summary.
Not without cause : philosophical essays dedicated to Paul Needham on the occasion of his fiftieth birthday
Tutkimusretkistä paikkatietojärjestelmiin : matkalla kulttuurimaantieteen maailmoissa : juhlakirja professori Pentti Yli-Jokipiin 60-vuotispäivän kunniaksi = From expeditions to geographic information systems : travel in the worlds of human geography : publication in honour of professor Pentti Yli-Jokipii's 60th anniversary
Prehistoric studies : in memoriam Ida Bognár-Kutzián
Words, texts and manuscripts : studies in Anglo-Saxon culture : presented to Helmut Gneuss on the occasion of his sixty-fifth birthday
The fiftieth anniversary booklet of the Trinity Lutheran Church, Stambaugh, Mich. : 1902-1952 = 50-vuotisriemujuhlajulkaisu Trinity luth. seurakunta, Stambaugh, Mich
The Peace Palace Library centennial : the collection as a mirror of the historical development of international law, 1904-2004
Imperial Russia, 1700-1917 : state, society, opposition : essays in honor of Marc Raeff
Young Eliot : from St. Louis to The Waste Land
Liber saecularis in honorem J. Qvigstadii : d. IV aprilis a.d. 1953 : editus. Pars 1.
Studia instrumentorum musicae popularis. 3, Festschrift to Ernst Emsheimer on the occasion of his 70th birthday, January 15th 1974
Selected papers on folklore : published on the occasion of his 70th birthday
Omnium-gatherum : philosophical essays dedicated to Jan Österberg on the occasion of hissixtieth birthday
Diatom taxonomy in the 21st. century in honour of Henri Van Heurck : Symposium in honour of Henry Van Heurck. 23-26 August 2009, National Botanic Garden of Belgium : Programme - Abstracts
International migration : challenge for the nineties
In honorem professoris Mauno J. Kotilainen sexagenarii editum
Folklore in context : essays in honor of Shamsuzzaman Khan
Tapani Valkonen : professor of Demography
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem : 1925-1950
Above and beyond the segments : experimental linguistics and phonetics
Liber saecularis in honorem J. Qvigstadii : d. IV aprilis a.d. 1953 : editus. Pars 2.
Studia numismatica : Festschrift Arkadi Molvõgin 65.
Festskrift till Lars Hjerner : studies in international law
Life lines : perspectives on Russian and European culture, society and politics : a Festschrift for Progessor Raymond T. McNally
Papers on language and mediaeval studies presented to Alfred Schopf
Ajatus : Suomen filosofisen yhdistyksen vuosikirja = Yearbook of the Philosophical Society of Finland. 35, 1973.
Homage to Imre A. Wiener : proceedings of the AIDP regional conference celebrating 30 years of Finnish Hungarian criminal law seminars Gyarmatpuszta (Hungary) 30 April 2009 - May 2009
Reflections on educational achievement : papers in honour of T. Neville Postlethwaite to mark the occasion of his retirement from his chair in comparative education at the University of Hamburg
English summary.
Homage to Milutin Garašanin
Harlemin suom.ev.luth. seurakunta 1903-1953 : 50-vuotisjuhlajulkaisu = 50th anniversary album of Harlem Finnish Ev.Luth Congregation
Aspects of language : studies in honour of Mario Alinei. Vol. 2, Theoretical and applied semantics : papers presented to Mario Alinei by his friends, colleagues and former students on the occasion of his 60-th birthday
Denmark and Europe in the Middle Ages, c.1000-1525
Dansk folkemuseum & Frilandsmuseet : history & activities : Axel Steensberg in honour of his 60th birthday, 1st June 1966
Essays on the arts of discourse : linguistics, rhetoric, poetics
Ius humanum : Studia in honorem Otto Brusiin
Studies in English and Scandinavian folklore : selected articles from Folklore presented to the author for her 80th birthday
