http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18030 agricultural cultures
agricultural cultures
Peasants
Foraging and farming : the evolution of plant exploitation
Animal bones : human societies
Farming in cultural change
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 2, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
The emergence of agriculture
Southern Africa during the Iron Age
Northern Italy before Rome
Gastronomy : the anthropology of food and food habits
Mexican rural development and the plumed serpent : technology and maya cosmology in the tropical forst of Campeche, Mexico
High nature value farming in Europe
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 4, Adonis Attis Osiris : studies in the history of Oriental religion
From hunter to farmer in northern Europe : migration and adaptation during the Neolithic and Bronze Age
The agricultural revolution in prehistory : why did foragers become farmers?
The shape of the past : essays in Scottish ethnology. 1
The northern hunters, fishers and gatherers and their southern neighbours in Eurasia in the early metal age
Nature and culture in the Andes
Change and uncertainty in a peasant economy : the Maya corn farmers of Zinacantan
The lure of origins : an inquiry into human-environmental relations, focused on the "Neolithization" of Sweden
Rural Ireland, real Ireland?
From forager to farmer in flint : a lithic analysis of the prehistoric transition to agriculture in southern Scandinavia
Hunters in transition : mesolithic societies of temperate Eurasia and their transition to farming
Papers in economic prehistory : studies by Members and Associates of The British Academy Major Research Project in the Early History of Agriculture
Science and civilisation in China. Vol. 6, pt. 2, Biology and biological technology, pt. 2 : Agriculture
Horizons of anthropology
The new golden bough : a new abridgment of the classic work
The early history of agriculture : a joint symposium of the Royal Society and the British Academy
Between kitchen stove and monastery : facets of Amdo Tibetan women
Tilling nature - harvesting culture : exploring images of the human being in the transition to agriculture
Let us now praise famous men : three tenant families
Marriage and rural economy : Western Europe since 1400
Coral gardens and their magic : a study of the methods of tilling the soil and of agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands. Vol. 1, The description of gardening
Bringing in the sheaves : economy and metaphor in the Roman world
In 1177 B.C., marauding groups known only as the "Sea Peoples" invaded Egypt. The pharaoh's army and navy managed to defeat them, but the victory so weakened Egypt that it soon slid into decline, as did most of the surrounding civilizations. After centuries of brilliance, the civilized world of the Bronze Age came to an abrupt and cataclysmic end. Kingdoms fell like dominoes over the course of just a few decades. No more Minoans or Mycenaeans. No more Trojans, Hittites, or Babylonians. The thriving economy and cultures of the late second millennium B.C., which had stretched from Greece to Egypt and Mesopotamia, suddenly ceased to exist, along with writing systems, technology, and monumental architecture. But the Sea Peoples alone could not have caused such widespread breakdown. How did it happen?In this major new account of the causes of this "First Dark Ages," Eric Cline tells the gripping story of how the end was brought about by multiple interconnected failures, ranging from invasion and revolt to earthquakes, drought, and the cutting of international trade routes. Bringing to life the vibrant multicultural world of these great civilizations, he draws a sweeping panorama of the empires and globalized peoples of the Late Bronze Age and shows that it was their very interdependence that hastened their dramatic collapse and ushered in a dark age that lasted centuries. A compelling combination of narrative and the latest scholarship, 1177 B.C. sheds new light on the complex ties that gave rise to, and ultimately destroyed, the flourishing civilizations of the Late Bronze Age--and that set the stage for the emergence of classical Greece.
Summary (s. 9-14).
Land is coming up : the Burunge of central Tanzania and their environments
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 4, Adonis Attis Osiris : studies in the history of Oriental religion
Early medieval settlements : the archaeology of rural communities in Northwest Europe, 400-900
Intercropping, insect populations and pest damage : case study and conceptual model
Brokers of morality : Thai ethnic adaptation in a rural Malaysian setting
Seed to civilization : the story of food
Just enough : lessons in living green from traditional Japan
Ancient civilizations : from the earliest times to the birth of Christ
Weaned upon a time : studies of the infant diet in prehistory
Tools and tillage
Gendered rural spaces
Wine and the vine : an historical geography of viticulture and the wine trade
There is great temporal and spatial variation in precipitation in Finland. Both drought episodes and repeated, abundant rains may interfere with crop growth, yield and quality formation, and many agricultural operations (such as tillage, sowing, crop protection and harvesting). The windows for optimal operations are often narrow due to the short growing season and variable weather conditions. Field traffic at high soil moisture may e.g. cause soil compaction. Also, the high environmental footprint on agriculture under high latitude conditions is often attributable to fluctuations in precipitation. The station-wise precipitation observations from the Finnish Meteorological Institute for the time period of 54 years (1961‒2014) were interpolated to a regular 10 km × 10 km grid covering the whole country. Several successive time slices were used to calculate the likelihood of: 1) drought periods and 2) periods with repeated rains with above normal precipitation sum so that both of these lasted for at least a) two weeks or b) three weeks. We demonstrated substantial spatial and temporal variation in the likelihood of drought and repeated rains: drought episodes were common during the early half of the growing season, while again repeated rains with high accumulated precipitation (lasting for two weeks) became common in the latter part of the growing season. Though, we highlighted in this paper some examples of how these events may affect agriculture and their environmental impacts, the datasets published here may be applied for many other assessments.
The first farmers of Central Europe: diversity in LBK lifeways
The prehistory of Africa
The knowledge : how to rebuild our world after an apocalypse
From foraging to agriculture : the Levant at the end of the Ice Age
Switzerland from earliest times to the Roman conquest
Country life in classical times
A permeable border - long-distance contacts between hunters and farmers in the Early Neolithic of Scandinavia
Olive oil processing in Cyprus from the Bronze Age to the Byzantine period
Agriculture's role as an upholder of cultural heritage : report from a workshop
Agroforestry and treeplanting in the new rainforest economy in Mindanao, the Philippines
Cheese and culture : a history of cheese and its place in western civilization
Peasants and potters
Central Borneo : ethnic identity and social life in a stratified society
Progress, hunger and envy : commercial agriculture, marketing and social transformation in the Venezuelan Andes
Conflicts between human activities and the conservation of biodiversity in agricultural landscapes, grasslands, forests, wetlands and uplands in Europe : a report of the bioforum project, August 2003
This world of man
The evolution of horticultural systems in native South America : causes and consequences : a symposium
An edible history of humanity
Europeś first farmers
Hunting, harvesting and home
The rural landscape of ancient Israel
1177 B.C. : the year civilization collapsed
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: II Precipitation
Biological and cultural diversity : the role of indigenous agricultural experimentation in development
A fossil landscape in Salo, Laitila, SW Finland
A classical text from the Byzantine Renaissance containing a collection of classical and post-classical agricultural works.
New World prehistory : archaeology of the American Indian
Chavin and the origins of Andean civilization
Jugoslavia before the Roman conquest
Spatial and temporal variation in weather events critical for boreal agriculture: III Frost and winter time fluctuation
Central Asia : Turkmenia before the Achaemenids
Examining the farming/language dispersal hypothesis
The climate of Finland in relation to its hydrology, ecology and culture
Nigeria : its archaeology and early history
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. Part 5, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
In the boreal zone of Europe, differences between the four seasons are considerable. Also, the within-season variation in climatic conditions is substantial. This has many impacts on agriculture that are exceptional when compared to any other environmental zone in Europe. All the meteorological data were based on weather observations made by the Finnish Meteorological Institute. Likelihood (%) for soil frost (≤ 0 °C at 20 cm soil depth) at nine weather stations, and late snow cover (> 1 cm) (10 km × 10 km grid) were estimated for late spring. Probabilities (%) of night frost at the ground surface (March-September) were calculated at nine weather stations by frequencies of the lowest observed night-time temperature: a) between -2 and -5 °C (mild), b) ≤ -5 °C (moderate) and c) ≤ -9 °C (severe). Also, the probabilities (%) of night frost in mid-summer were estimated (≤ -1 °C for at least five hours). Furthermore, a significant shift from mild to below-freezing conditions was measured in winter as a period of at least ten days with daily maximum temperatures above 0°C followed by at least a 10-day period with daily mean temperatures below -5°C in order to characterize high fluctuating winter conditions. All these except late snow cover constitute high risks to crop production. Deep soil frost may postpone sowings, while in advanced springs, night frost may cause damage. For winter crops and perennials, shifts from mild to cold spells outside the growing season are particularly detrimental. Again the data may have many other applications beyond the assessments highlighted in this paper.
Laws of destiny never disappear : culture of Thailand in the postlocal world
Continuity and change : an archaeological study of farming communities in northern Zimbabwe AD 500-1700
The origins and spread of agriculture and pastoralism in Eurasia
The agrarian sociology of ancient civilizations
Guns, germs, and steel : the fates of human societies
The golden bough : a study in magic and religion. 5, 1, Spirits of the corn and of the wild
Hunters, gatherers and first farmers beyond Europe : an archaeological survey
The Encyclopedia of ancient civilizations
Livelihoods and sustainability at the agrarian frontier : the evolution of the frontier in Southeastern Nicaragua
Buzkashi : game and power in Afghanistan
The making of civilization : history discovered through archaeology
Catholics and protestants : agricultural modernization in two German villages
Northern European prehistory, from above
Geoponica : farm work : a modern translation of the Roman and Byzantine farming handbook
Breeding of neglected and under-utilized crops, spices, and herbs
Interactions between hunter-gatherers and farmers : from prehistory to present
The ancient civilizations of the world, the first social structures in which culture and religion were born, are the subject of this comprehensive, wide-ranging encyclopedia. The work of over thirty international experts, including Colin Renfrew, O.R. Gurney, Richard Leakey and many other leading academics in the field of ancient history, 'The Penguin Encyclopedia of Ancient Civilizations' provides a fascinating overview of the prehistoric world and a detailed analysis of separate ancient civilizations. The art, architecture, language, mythology and chronology of early societies as diverse as ancient Egypt, Troy, India, West Asia, South America and Europe are fully discussed, and there is a special section of references for further reading. Structured to enable the reader to draw together contemporary events and to locate geographically connected civilizations, like those that flourished in Mesopotamia, the encyclopedia contains over 300 illustrations and twenty-eight maps.
