http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18082 air travel
air travel
Benchmarking passenger air transport marketing activities in Vietnam : case company: Etihad Airways
Air [Vol. 4] : A history of the future
Blue wings
Global alliances in tourism and hospitality management
No frills : the truth behind the low-cost revolution in the skies
Tourism management : managing for change
The end of airports
E-service continuance: an insight into online travel services in China
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 2 (module 4), Air fares and ticketing
This book provides insights into important trends and future scenarios in the global tourism and travel industry. It analyses current challenges in the aviation and hospitality industry, in destination management and in marketing and distribution management.
Business travel and tourism
Business and corporate aviation management
Inflight hospitality
How Leisure Air Transportation Services Can Be Developed in Kainuu Region
S-P-A-C-E tourism : economic and technical evaluation of suborbital s-p-a-c-e flight for tourism
Flying together : EU air transport policy
Air [Vol. 1] : Letters from lost countries
Here & there : designing passenger experiences in air travel
Abstract.
Tourism management : an introduction
Trends and issues in global tourism 2012
Transport and tourism : global perspectives
Air [Vol. 3] : Pureland
The features of a successful airline company : case study: Southwest Airlines
Customer Satisfaction and its Importance to Market-Leader Strategies; case: Vietnam Airlines, German branch
Understanding travelers' continuous use of online travel services
Aviation and tourism : implications for leisure travel
Effective online advertising and online marketing of a low-cost airline : case: Buzz
Flight catering
Plus news international
Experiencing Long Haul Flight
Viewpoint : an introduction to travel, tourism, and hospitality
This book offers insights into important trends and future scenarios in the global tourism and travel industry. Besides the general topics (aviation and hospitality industry, destination management, marketing, and distribution management) it analyses current challenges and impacts resulting especially from developments in social media, corporate social responsibility and eco-mobility. Sustainability in the global tourism sector and particularly eco-mobility is one of the top themes to-be and therefore a focus of this book. Among the contributors to the book are well-known notabilities from institutions such as the UNWTO and top executives of various segments of the tourism and travel industry. The articles are based on presentations and panel discussions presented at the world´s largest tourism convention, the ITB Berlin Convention.
Beyond flying : rethinking air travel in a globally connected world
Are we safer now? : airline security in a post-9/11 society
NGP yearbook 2010 : the geography of tourism, leisure and recreation
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Module 4, Extracts
Trends and issues in global tourism 2011
Tuberculosis and air travel : guidelines for prevention and control
Air [Vol. 2] : Flying machine
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Book 1 (modules 1 to 3), Introduction to tourism, Travel geography, Air transport
Space tourism : adventures in earth orbit and beyond
Transport for tourism
A week at the airport : a Heathrow diary
E-service continuance : an insight into online travel services in China
Tourism and mobilities : local - global communities
Finnish abstract:Implementing the flight operation availability during exception situations.
Airy Tales : stories from above the clouds and beyond the skies
Managing airports : an international perspective
Safe air travel companion
Via Helsinki : the magazine for Helsinki-Vantaa travellers
Tokyo cancelled
The business of tourism
Air passenger data protection : data transfer from the European Union to the United States
Pan Am/ The Complete Series
Tourism enterprises and the sustainability agenda across Europe
Impact of Introduction of IFRS in Russia on Tourism Industry Case: Aeroflot and Russian Railways
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Exercise book (including answers)
General aviation security : aircraft, hangars, fixed-base operations, flight schools, and airports
The significance of environmental responsibility on airline customers' intention to purchase
If air travel was once the bold future, it has now settled into a mundane, on-going present. We no longer expect romantic experiences or sublime views —we just hope to get from here to there with minimal hassle. In The End of Airports, Christopher Schaberg suggests that even as the epoch of flight approaches a threshold of banality, there are still mysteries to be unraveled around our aircraft and airfields. Drawing from both his own experiences working at an airport and his perspective as a cultural critic, Schaberg explores the secret lives of jet bridges, seating areas, concourses, and tarmac vehicles, showing how the ordinary objects of flight call for wonder and inquiry. The End of Airports is not an obituary, but an ode to terminals in the digital age.--
Hospitality 2015 : the future of hospitality and travel
Departure 2093 : five visions of future flying
International travel agents training programme : standard course. Course guide
Aviation Accidents – The Effect on  Travelling Choices
Air transport and tourism
Hospitality and health : issues and developments
Abstract: E-Commerce Adoption in the Nigerian Domestic Air Travel Industry
"A sequel and companion to the groundbreaking The Textual Life of Airports, The End of Airports combines critical theory, cultural studies, and media studies to encourage readers to think differently about contemporary air travel"--
The frequent traveler's guide : your essential handbook to preventing unnecessary hassles and saving money
Trends and Issues in Global Tourism 2012
Going on a plane
Airborne : tales from a thousand and one flights
Ruinair : how to be treated like shite in 15 different countries ... and still quite like it
This Bachelor thesis will examine the features of Southwest Airlines. The primary aims of the study are to explain what features have made Southwest Airlines market leader within the U.S airline industry as well as what features affects on company's impeccable profitability.    The thesis contains a literature part, where Southwest Airlines' organizational structure, leadership methods, organizational culture, and its features to profitability are recognized and discussed. The other part of the thesis will introduce a strategic analysis of Southwest Airlines aiming to recognize and suggest the most suitable strategic direction for the future. The study was based on academic, peer-reviewed literature which primarily concentrates on Southwest Airlines and its strategic decisions in the past. The strategic analysis was based on the strategic management theory, which conducts a comprehensive strategic analysis, analyzing company's external and internal business environment carefully, and providing a suggestions for the future strategies. The study doesn't compare Southwest Airlines operations to other companies, rather it aims to focus only on Southwest's strategic operational decisions, leadership methods and its operations. Literature analysis has shown that simplicity is the keyword in Southwest Airlines operations and leadership styles. Unique leadership style, and a loose-tight managed organizational structure without solid hierarchical levels have created a flourishing and employee friendly organizational culture, which can be considered to be Southwest Airlines most valuable asset. Simplified operations with unique organizational culture make the company possible to provide high-quality service with low ticket fees, which is unheard among the low-cost flight providers. In addition, strategic analysis concludes that Southwest Airlines strong market position, brand image, strong management and employee commitment; and healthy financial position provides a great starting point for international operations. Therefore Southwest Airlines should in future consider route expansion to international areas, in order to maintain and develop their strong market position and successful financial performance.
Spaceflight revolution
"A one-of-a-kind, up-to-date guide to skillfully blending business and aviation issues to provide solid decision-making strategies and smart operating practices for the establishment and management of business aircraft"--Provided by publisher.
The space tourist's handbook : where to go, what to see, and how to prepare for the ride of your life
Airport marketing
Managing internal communications process in Finnair Customer Care Center : a case study of Finnair Plus
Topsy and Tim go green
The British on holiday : charter tourism, identity and consumption
AirportCity Oulu, Finland : services and facilities at and near Oulu Airport
Airline passanger tariff : rules October 1998.
Topsy and Tim go on an aeroplane
Airline performance and costs : an analysis of performance measurement and cost reduction in major airlines
Ryanair : how a small Irish airline conquered Europe
Airlines Europe
Viewpoint : an introduction to travel, tourism and hospitality
Airline : identity, design and culture
Dictionary for air travel and tourism activities
Up in the air
International business travel in the global economy
Mind wings
Plus news : magazine for Finnair Plus members
E-commerce Adoption in the Nigerian Domestic Air Travel Industry
Advances in hospitality and leisure. [Vol. 8]
Air travel ticketing and fare construction
FUTUAeroport : visions and futures of service landscape and innovations at tomorrow's airport. II
Gateway Finland
Implementing the flight operation availability during exception situations
The world of global distribution systems : fact and theory
Impact of introduction of Ifrs in Russia on tourism industry : case: Aeroflot Russian airlines and Russian railways
