http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18083 rape
rape
Rape : a philosophical investigation
Genocide and Gender in the Twentieth Century brings together a collection of some of the finest genocide studies scholars in North America and Europe to examine gendered discourses, practices, and experiences of ethnic cleansing and genocide in the 20th century. It includes chapters focusing on the genocides in Rwanda and Armenia, the Holocaust, and ethnic cleansing and genocide in the former Yugoslavia. The book looks at how historically- and culturally-specific ideas about reproduction, biology, and ethnic, national, racial, and religious identity contributed to the possibility for and the unfolding of genocidal sexual violence, including mass rape. The book also considers how these ideas, in conjunction with discourses of femininity and masculinity, and understandings of female and male identities, contributed to perpetrators' tools and strategies for ethnic cleansing and genocide, as well as victims' experiences of these processes. This is an ideal text for any student looking to further understand the crucial topic of gender in genocide studies.
Dinah's lament : the biblical legacy of sexual violence in Christian interpretation
Death mask
Rape and the legal process
Rape and society : readings on the problem of sexual assault
The round house
Forciple rape : the crime, the victim, and the offender
Scottsboro : a novel
This book stands as a unique document of the history, politics and sociology of rape and the inherent and ungrained inequality of men and women under the law.
Billy Majestic's Humpty Dumpty
Crisis intervention strategies
Knife music
A history of rape : sexual violence in France from the 16th to the 20th century
Sanctuary
Defining rape : emerging obligations for states under international law?
Bad wolf : [a novel]
The death pictures
Rape : the misunderstood crime
The last juror
A secret rage
Rape : a love story
Male on male rape : The hidden toll of stigma and shame
The spring of Kasper Meier
Engaging men in the fight against gender violence : case studies from Africa
A Natural history of rape : biological bases of sexual coercion
Cognitive processing therapy for rape victims : a treatment manual
Rape in war, rape in Yugoslavia : feminist theory and media reflection
Against our will : men, women and rape
The wrong blood
Against our will : men, women, and rape
Men who rape : the psychology of the offender
Sex, crime and society
Someone is watching : a novel
Redefining rape : sexual violence in the era of suffrage and segregation
The lovely bones : a novel
This important book explains why the health services are in need of updated reactions to rape in order to help patients avoid long-term psychiatric problems. It presents a longitudinal study exploring rape as a psychological trauma. The nature of the various health problems which might arise are discussed, with particular emphasis on mental health problems. Coping strategies are analyzed in relation to outcome, and the book will therefore be of value to victims and their families as well as for psychiatric and health professionals.
Rape : weapon of terror
Mass rape : the war against women in Bosnia-Herzegovina
All is not forgotten
We were the Mulvaneys
The gift of fear : survival signals that protect us from violence
The associate
When violence is no stranger : pastoral counseling with survivors of acquaintance rape
Common grounds : violence against women in war and armed conflict situations
Crimes against the person
Women and rape
Date rape : feminism, philosophy and the law
International approaches to rape
Three days in that autumn
The bat
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Minutes after the principal of Opportunity High School in Alabama finishes her speech welcoming the student body to a new semester, they discover that the auditorium doors will not open and someone starts shooting as four teens, each with a personal reason to fear the shooter, tell the tale from separate perspectives.
New York to Dallas
African sky
Gender danger : survivors of rape, human trafficking, and honor killings
Date rape cases among young women : strategies for support and prevention
Last known address
Secret slave : kidnapped and abused for 13 years : this is my story of survival
A most detestable crime : new philosophical essays on rape
The word of a woman? : police, rape and belief
Rape : an historical and cultural enquiry
Sexual violation in Islamic law : substance, evidence, and procedure
Scream for me
Chaton maa
Crime scene actions and offender characteristics in a sample of Finnish stranger rapes
On human rights : the Oxford Amnesty lectures 1993
In the name of honour : a  memoir
Tortured minds, broken bodies : How rape can constitute genocide
Confronting rape : the feminist anti-rape movement and the state
Crimes against women
The piper's sons
Understanding violence
Rape : a hazard to health
Accounting for rape : psychology, feminism and discourse analysis in the study of sexual violence
The hallowed hunt : a novel
Adolescent health
Alexandra Stiglmayer interviewed survivors of the continuing war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in order to reveal, to a seemingly deaf world, the horrors of the ongoing war in the former Yugoslavia. The women - primarily of Muslim but also of Croatian and Serbian origin - have endured the atrocities of rape and the loss of loved ones. Their testimony, published in the 1993 German edition, is bare, direct, and its cumulative effect overwhelming. The first English edition contains Stiglmayer's updates to her own two essays, one detailing the historical context of the current conflict and the other presenting the core of the book, interviews with some twenty victims of rape as well as interviews with three Serbian perpetrators. Essays investi-gating mass rape and war from ethnopsychological, sociological, cultural, and medical perspectives are included.
Thief
Cursed moon
Fleshmarket alley : an inspector Rebus novel
Problems of sex behavior
Men of Tattoos = Shisei no Otoko
Yakuza moon : true story of a gangster's daughter
Calling the ghosts : a female story of war and rape of women
Tarnished icons  : an inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
Rape on trial
The shape of her
Violence against women : a critique of the sociobiology of rape
Near the turn of the nineteenth century, Dr. Thornhollow helps teenaged Grace Mae escape from the Boston asylum where she was sent after becoming pregnant by rape, and takes her to Ohio where they put her intelligence and remarkable memory to use in trying to catch murderers / Library of Congress.
Public rape : representing violation in fiction and film
Army of god : Joseph Kony's war in Central Africa
Rape and the criminal justice system
Rape, incest, and child sexual abuse : consequences and recovery
Public thinking about sexual assault over the last two decades has changed dramatically for the better. Activists in rape crisis centers can claim a feminist success story, but not always as they would choose. Through her study of six rape crisis centers in Los Angeles, Nancy Matthews shows how the State has influenced rape crisis work by supporting the therapeutic aspects of the anti-rape movement's agenda, and pushing feminist rape crisis centers towards conventional frameworks of social service provision, while ignoring the feminist political agenda of transforming gender relations and preventing rape.
All the rage
Is it rape? : on acquaintance rape and taking women's consent seriously
Asking for it
Midwinter sacrifice
Rethinking rape law : international and comparative perspectives
Women on rape
The scarecrow
Blessed are those who thirst
The hallowed hunt
Missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town
To kill a mockingbird
The perk
Rethinking rape
In The Name of Honor : A Memoir
This book provides a detailed analysis of Islamic juristic writings on the topic of rape and argues that classical Islamic jurisprudence contained nuanced, substantially divergent doctrines of sexual violation as a punishable crime. The work centers on legal discourses of the first six centuries of Islam, the period during which these discourses reached their classical forms, and chronicles the juristic conflict over whether or not to provide monetary compensation to victims. Along with tracing the emergence and development of this conflict over time, Hina Azam explains evidentiary ramifications of each of the two competing positions, which are examined through debates between the Ḥanafī and Mālikī schools of law. This study examines several critical themes in Islamic law, such as the relationship between sexuality and property, the tension between divine rights and personal rights in sex crimes, and justifications of victim's rights afforded by the two competing doctrines.
Accounting for Rape presents an original perspective on the subject of rape, focusing on both female and male sexual violence. The authors investigate everyday beliefs about rape, to examine how blaming the victim and the normalization of rape are achieved by people in a discussion about sexual violence. They synthesize discursive psychology and a feminist standpoint to explore precisely how rape and rape victimhood are defined in ways that reflect the social, political and cultural conditions of society. By analysing conversational data, Anderson and Doherty suggest that the existing social psychological experimental research into rape and rape perception fails to analyse the subtlety and political significance of rape supportive reasoning. Accounting for Rape provides a critical interrogation of the dominant theories and methodologies, focusing on: How the gender and sexual orientation of alleged victims and perpetrators is crucial to social participants when making sense of a rape report and in apportioning blame and sympathy. How arguments that are critical of alleged victims are built in ways that are 'face saving' for the participants in the conversations, and how victim-blaming arguments are presented as 'common sense'. The potential of applying this approach in both professional and academic contexts to promote attitude change. The book will be of great interest to those studying social and clinical psychology, cultural studies, sociology, women's studies and communication studies.
Genocide and gender in the twentieth century : a comparative survey
A madness so discreet
Treating the trauma of rape : cognitive-behavioral therapy for PTSD
In the 1970s rape became the point of departure for an ongoing feminist examination of the subordination and sexual victimization of women. More recently, domestic violence, prostitution, sexual harassment, and pornography have come to the forefront of investigators' concerns. Rape and Society returns to the original focus on rape, while also illuminating the interconnections among the many forms of violence against women. The book provides a comprehensive treatment of the subject, drawing on writers and researchers from across a range of social and behavioral sciences and the humanities and representing the experiences of women of diverse backgrounds and lifestyles. From the private torment of a child abused by her father to the horror of mass rape and ethnic cleansing in the former Yugoslavia, the authors analyze rape as a tool of humiliation, control, and terror. Rape and Society is an essential resource for academics and professionals and for anyone wanting to come to grips with the magnitude of the problem of sexual violence. Because the selections are moving as well as thought-provoking and varied in approach (theoretical, empirical, literary, and experiential), this interdisciplinary anthology is a superb text for undergraduate and graduate courses in women's studies, psychology, sociology, and criminology. It offers incisive analyses and carefully designed research to help us understand and explain rape while sensitizing us to the personal dimensions of sexual victimization and the emotional toll of living in a violent society. There are hopeful voices here too, helping readers envision a safer and more humane world, offering concrete suggestions for social change, and encouraging us all to gather the power and courage to take on the work that lies before us.
This is where it ends
Police : [a Harry Hole thriller]
Legal position of the victim of rape in the United States of America
The way I used to be
The female fear : the social cost of rape
Sisters unlimited : the guide to life, love, bodies and being you
I belong to no one : abused, afraid and alone : the shocking true story of a young girl forced to make the ultimate sacrifice for her survival
The brightest star in the sky
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
Offender profiling in cases of Swedish stranger rapes
The method
The narrative of rape in Genesis 34 : interpreting Dinah's silence
