http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18070 cello
cello
Naqoyqatsi : original motion picture soundtrack
The art of cello playing : a complete textbook-method for private or class instruction
A genius in the family : an intimate memoir of Jacqueline du Pré
Suloisesti laulava puu = The sweetly singing woods
Abracadabra Cello : The way to learn through songs and tunes
Abracadabra cello : The way to learn through songs and tunes
Cello music since 1960 : a bibliography of solo, chamber, & orchestral works for the solo cellist
Violoncello works (Feuillard) : School of bowing technics : op.2 : part 1
A Flock Descends into the Pentagonal Garden
Suzuki cello school. Volume 5 : revised
A classical tribute : featuring Julian Lloyd Webber
Position pieces for cello
Hilary and Jackie
School of bowing technique : op. 2. Part 2
Cello method : Mel Bay presents
Heroines of love and loss
Method for cello. Book 2
7th symphony
Sällsamt för cello : 28 arrangemang för celloensemble = Rarities for the cello
Enjoy playing the cello
The Great cellists
Position fun : eine Einführung in das Lagenspiel : 40 leichte Duette für 2 Violoncelli : 40 easy duets for 2 violincellos = an introduction to position playing
Violoncello works (Feuillard) : School of bowing technics : op.2 : part 3
Cello time runners : a second book of easy pieces for cello. [2]
Cello time joggers : a first book of very easy pieces for cello. [1]
Sacred spirit. Vol. 2 : Culture clash: Volume 2 Culture clash
The art of playing the cello
A new tune a day for cello. Book 1
I can read music : a note reading book for cello students, volume 1
Wedding album. 1 : For string quartet
Cello world
170 foundation studies for violoncello. Volume 1
Superstudies : for cello. Book 1, really easy original studies for the young player = Ganz einfache Originaletüden für Anfänger
The Delius collection. Volume 7
A colour symphony
The Caldwell Collection of Viols : a life together in the pursuit of beauty
Violoncell-Bogentechnik = Technique de l'archet = Technic of the bow : frei bearbeitet nach Casortis
Superstudies : for cello. Book 2, easy original studies for the young player = Einfache Originaletüden für Anfänger
Symphony : for cello and orchestra Op. 68
Break point
Catch-Pop String-Strong
CellOpera : Beliebte Opernarien und -duette : für Violoncello-Quartett = Popular operatic arias und duets : for violoncello quartet. Vol 2
First repertoire for cello and piano. Book two
Rubank intermediate method : cello
The Ivan Galamian scale system for violoncello
Bach for the cello : ten pieces in the first position
113 Etüden für Violoncello : 113 studies for violoncello. 1, (1-34)
Cello time scales : pieces, puzzles, scales and arpeggios
The cello
TEACHING SUZUKI CELLO
Cello technique : principles and forms of movement
St John's magnificat : choral works by
The essential Yo-Yo Ma
Pierre Fournier : cellist in a landscape with figures
Cello-(Phil) -Vielharmonie = 21 etudes for violoncello : mit Begleitung eines zweiten Violoncellos (ad libitum)
Theoretical and practical treatise of the violoncello = Traité théorique et pratique du violoncelle
Essential elements 2000 for strings : a comprehensive string method. Cello book 2
Method for cello. Book 1
Two preludes and fugues : Op. 36 : 1. (From the name EinAr EnGlunD). 2. (Epitaph to BEla BArtók)
Dancing cello : for cello and piano = Roztanczona wiolonczela
Cello time Christmas : a stockingful of 32 easy pieces for cello
Rubank elementary method : cello
My son, my son, what have ye done : sounds from the motion picture
The art of scales : a new approach to mastering scales on the cello
The secrets of Dvorák's cello concerto
I thought it was us but it was all of us
Jacqueline du Pré : her life, her music, her legend
First repertoire for cello : with piano. Book one
Cello concerto in e minor op. 85 ; Sea pictures op 37
Birds of prey
Leichte Cello-Etüden : Easy cello studies. Band 1 = Vol. 1, Elementare Technik in der ersten und halben Lage = Elementary techniques in first and half position
Worlds collide
Hush
Essay I-II : for cello solo
Twelve easy exercises for cello : op. 18.
The ABC's of cello. Book 2 : for the intermediate
The cellist of Sarajevo
The protecting Veil for cello and orchestra
Along the field, On Wenlock Edge, Merciless beauty, Ten Blake songs and other songs
King Midas and the golden touch
Something in common
I am Goya ; Concerto for flute & Chamber orchestra
Piece by piece 2 : Easy graded repertoire for young players. 2
Progressive scale studies for cello : elementary to advanced scales including double stops and harmonics
Italian concerto : for cello and piano
A Cello Christmas
Right from the start : twenty tunes for young string players
Concerto for cello and orchestra no. 2, op77 in C minor
The compact cello : a complete guide to the cello and ten great composers
Spass am Doppelgriffen für junge Cellisten = Fun with double-stops for young cellists. Band 1 : 1. Lage
Cult : special edition
The ABC's of cello. [Book 1] : Easy piano accompaniment for book 1
Violoncello method : with an appendix containing one hundred and eleven practice-pieces
Régi zene gordonkára zongorakísérettel : átiratok a XVII-XVIII. század muzsikájából az első szűk fekvésben = Alte Musik für Violoncello mit Klavierbegleitung : Werke aus dem 17-18. Jahrhundert für Violoncello in der ersten engen Lage gesetzt = Old music for violoncello with piano accompaniment : music of the 17th and 18th centuries set for violoncello in the first close position
Cello method. Volume 2, Introduction to changing positions
The way
Julian Lloyd Webber : married to music : the authorised biography
There is still time : scenes for speaking voice and cello
Suzuki cello school. Volumes 3 & 4 : revised
Duets for strings : cello
Concepts in string playing : reflections by artist-teachers at the Indiana University School of Music
Vox Balaenae = (Voice of the whale) : for three masked players
CellOpera : Beliebte Opernarien und -duette : für Violoncello-Quartett = Popular operatic arias und duets : for violoncello quartet. Vol 1
Prelude to string playing : basic materials and motion techniques for individual or class instruction. Cello
Method for cello. Book 3
There is still time
Time pieces for cello : music through the ages in 3 volumes. Volume 1
100 classic melodies : a collection of the world's most beautiful themes for 'cello
Spass an Doppelgriffen für junge Cellisten = Fun with double-stops for young cellists. Band 2 : 1.- 4. Lage
How I play how I teach
Position pieces for cello. book 2.
Guide to teaching strings
The new Mel Bay String method : Cello : for class or individual instruction. Book no. 1
From the moment Jacqueline du Pré first held a cello at the age of five, it was clear she had an extraordinary gift. At sixteen, when she made her professional debut, she was hailed as one of the world's most talented and exciting musicians. But ten years later, she stopped playing virtually overnight, when multiple sclerosis removed the feeling in her hands just before a concert. It took fourteen more years for the crippling disease to take its final toll. In this uniquely revealing biography, Hilary and Piers du Pré have re-created the life they shared with their sister in astonishing personal detail, unveiling the private world behind the public face. With warmth and candor they recount Jackie's blissful love of the cello, her marriage to the conductor Daniel Barenboim, her compulsions, her suffering, and, above all, the price exacted by her talent on the whole family. For proud as they were of Jackie's enormous success, none of them was prepared for the profound impact her genius would have on each of their lives. . .
The secrets of Dvoráks cello concerto
String quartets op. 33
Henry Purcell
Venus' wheel
Cello time sprinters : a third book of pieces for cello. [3]
Suzuki cello school. Volume 6 : revised
Violoncello works : School of bowing technics : op.2 : part 2
Cello for beginners
The classical cello
The Music of William Lloyd Webber
Breaking and shaking
Practice for performance : for cello and related string instruments
Violin family
Cello making, step by step
The rough guide to cello
Wedding album. 2 : For string quartet
I can read music : a note reading book for cello students, volume 2
Stradivarius : one cello, five violins and a genius
Piece by piece 1 : easy graded repertoire for young players. 1
Apocalyptica
The ABC's of cello. Book 1 : for the absolute beginner
Double stops for cello
The romantic cello
Birds of Prey
March : from "Music for children"
Compatible quartets for strings. Cello : 21 quartets that can be played by any combination of string instruments
Essential elements 2000 for strings : a comprehensive string method. Cello book 1
