http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1809 labour service
labour service fatigue duty
Service Design for Architect Clients: Turning Architect Daily Challenges  Into a New Service
Abstract.
Check Marks for the Knowledge of Ageing : Working for a Change in North Karelia!
Socially sustainable Finland 2020 : strategy for social and health policy
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemi : effects of unhappy and problematic customers
Developing a. net web service for handling student data
Information services today : an introduction
Psychological ownership and entrepreneurial drive : at the Jyväskylä City Catering Unit
The Experiences of Finnish companies about the Quality of Chinese Labor : Comparison between Chinese and Finnish work cultures
Social welfare in Finland
Lean hospitals : improving quality, patient safety, and employee engagement
Social work and migration : immigrant and refugee settlement and integration
Trade Union Responses to Labour Immigrants: Selective Solidarity
Older people and mental health nursing : a handbook of care
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
eHealth services and technology : challenges for co-development
Integration Cards  : A Tool for Instructors Working with Immigrant Women
Audit techniques in mental health : practitioners' responses to electronic health records and service purchasing agreements
Ethics is an increasingly important theme in social work practice. Worldwide, social workers experience common ethical challenges (how to be fair, whether to break a rule, how to act in politically tense situations) in very different contexts -- from disaster relief in China to child protection work in Palestine. This book takes as its starting point real life cases featuring ethical problems in the areas of: negotiating roles and boundaries, respecting rights, being fair, challenging and developing organisations and working with policy and politics. Each case opens with a brief introduction, is followed by two commentaries and ends with questions for reflection. The commentaries, written by authors from different countries, refer to relevant theories, concepts, practical matters, alternative courses of action and their implications. Features within the book include: An introductory chapter covering issues of global ethics Cases and commentaries drawn from across the world -- from Peru to Finland Cases based on real life situations and chapter introductions from leading authorities in social work and ethical theory Questions and practical exercises to aid teaching and professional development This book is a unique and accessible resource for stimulating ethical reflection, expanding ethical horizons and developing ethical and intercultural sensitivity. It is designed for use by undergraduate and postgraduate students and professionals in the fields of social work, social education/pedagogy, social care work, international social work, community development, community organisation, youth work and related fields.
Service systems implementation
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Sales force management : leadership, innovation, technology
The Finnish service sector trade union Palvelualojen ammattiliitto or Service Union United has the largest amount of migrant members of all Finnish trade unions. It walks the narrow line between defending the perceived interests of its members from the 'threat' of labour immigration, and simultaneously trying to act as an immigrantfriendly force. This qualitative case study analyses the outcomes of the union's strategies in questions related to immigration. The outcomes affect different immigrant groups in a different manner. Furthermore, the established quasi-state character of the Finnish trade union movement affects both the strengths and weaknesses of its strategies. The politicized anti-immigration views in the Finnish society indirectly to some degree impact trade union strategies. Results suggest that the lay distinction between 'us' and 'them' based on nationality still shapes trade union strategy in a way that can be labeled selective solidarity.
The relationship between public service motivation and work performance : a study in Finnish public organizations
"All together now: exploring the many faces and facets of integrated care" : recent developments in integrated care in Europe and North America, programme and abstracts
Practising social work ethics around the world : cases and commentaries
Supporting service innovation via evaluation : a future oriented, systemic and multi-actor approach
Customer service training program for Virginia Woof Dog Daycare Center
Developing partnership co-operation in student exchange with Italian Universities
Flirting with disaster
Abstract: Developing Partnership Co-operation in Student Exchange with Italian Universities
Literature review of ecosystem service virtual laboratories
Implementation of interventions in the CHIMACA project
Rapid productisation process : managing an unexpected product increment
Pieces of the big picture : exploring employment of rehabilitees with European partners
Coordinating eldercare in the community : care management as a mode to implement welfare mix in Japan
The Secret Recipe for Future Supply Chains – The Silent Voice of the Customer : Case: Freight Forwarding Company X
Successful project management in social work and social care : managing resources, assessing risks and measuring outcomes
Cross-sectoral collaboration as a solution : the preventative work against social exclusion in the municipal well-being plans for children and youth
Libraries @ Barents : communicative and active! : 19th Barents library conference : proceedings
Gender in call centre work
Family doctors' journey to quality
Maintenance quotation process redesign of Wärtsilä France Marseilles
eHealth as a facilitator of transnational cooperation on health : a report from the interreg III B project "eHealth for regions"
Engaged or Not? A Comparative Study on Factors Inducing Work Engagement in Call Center and Service Sector Work.
Settlement process of Afghan immigrant women based on cultural perspective in Finland
Library workflow redesign : six case studies
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship connect students to communities through courses and campus-based opportunities. Each offers students active learning opportunities tied to community engagement and problem solving. Enos presents strategies for creating campus-based programs that educate students for twenty-first century citizenship.
Subjective wellbeing in regional contexts
Service-learning and social entrepreneurship in higher education : a pedagogy of social change
Clinical supervision and quality care : examining the effects of team supervision in multi-professional teams
Health in all policies : prospects and potentials
Selling quality at Laatukoru Oy: Introduction to Swiss watches
COOPERATION BETWEEN ORGANIZATIONS AND THEIR SERVICES
Networks and partnerships in third party logistics service production
The role of a non-governmental organization in the improvement of employment in Finland : a case study of Jyväskylän Katulähetys ry in the city of Jyväskylä
Working across boundaries : collaboration in public services
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
The representations of social support from external resources by families raising children with severe disability in connection with dolphin assisted therapy
Understanding Microsoft virtualization solutions : from the desktop to the datacenter
eCompetence for social work
Habitus and care : investigating welfare service workers' agency
Home Care Across Europe : current structure and future challenges
How ethnic minority nursing students experience healthcare services in Finland : a qualitative descriptive study
Designing service for a personnel agency in the social and health care sector
Quality management of forest regeneration activities
Social work increasingly finds itself at the frontline of issues pertaining to immigrant and refugee settlement and integration. In this timely book, Kathleen Valtonen provides the first book-length study on the challenges these issues create for the profession.The book draws on a wide range of current research in migration which is not widely available to social workers or included in social work literature. Readers are offered the opportunity to explore the capacity of the profession to play a primary role in the course and outcome of settlement, and to influence the integration and multicultural processes taking place at many levels in our modern societies of settlement.Across societies, social work is fashioning theory and practice for the current era of migration. Social change and the new diversity call for conventional notions of ethics and equity to be revisited. The book fills a gap in the social work literature by providing scholars, practitioners and students with a critical knowledge base that will strengthen their ability to engage with issues of immigration and integration and to open up options for effective practice with growing numbers of immigrant and refugee clients.
Kotirintaman naiset. kausi 2 / ceated by Roland Moore
Sammandrag. - Abstract.
Working together for better integration : immigrants, police and social work
Expectations and visions of elderly care among people aged 50-59 years : the report of transnational survey in Finland, the Netherlands, Poland and Hungary & The country report of Finland (in Finnish)
Communication, relationships and care : a reader
Cold regions: pivot points, focal points : proceedings of the 24rd Polar Libraries Colloquy June 11-14, 2012, Boulder, Colorado, United States
Inequity in access to health care services according to labor market status
Developing a Framework for the Implementation and Development of a Digital Customer interface for the Case Company X.
The SAGE handbook of international social work
Employer Brand and Great Place to Work as Perceived by Generation Y Employees - Case Ravintolakolmio-ryhmä
Investment services in Sampo Bank Oyj Pieksämäki branch
"For every person over the age of 65 in todayʼs European Union there are four people of working age but, by 2050, there will only be two. Demand for long-term care, of which home care forms a significant part, will inevitably increase in the decades to come. Despite the importance of the issue there is, however, a lack of up-to-date and comparative information on home care in Europe. This volume attempts to fill some of that gap by examining current European policy on home-care services and strategies. Home Care across Europeprobes a wide range of topics including the linkage between social services and health-care systems, the prevailing funding mechanisms, how  service providers are paid, the impact of governmental regulation, and the complex roles played by informal caregivers. Drawing on a set of Europe-wide case studies (available in a second, online volume), the study provides comparable descriptive information on many aspects of the organization, financing and provision of home care across the continent. It is a text  that will help frame the coming debate about how best to serve elderly citizens as  European populations age." -- (takakansi)
Abstract: Introduction  Migration to the Nordic country Finland has increased dramatically in the last 20 years. Statistics Finland projects for the next few decades the number of immigrants will remain above 27,000 people a year. Finland is predicted to have a labour shortage within the next 15 years, especially in the field of healthcare. The UN and WHO have recommended that nations keep their migrant policies in line with human rights. This includes access to health care. Finland follows these recommendations. The purpose of this project is to investigate and describe how ethnic minority nursing students in the capital area experience health care in Finland: using healthcare services themselves or accompanying a friend or family member, and providing healthcare as a student nurse in a clinical placement or working on a ward. This study is part of the Local & Global Development in Social & Health Care (LOG-Sote) project.  Methods  This is a qualitative descriptive study. Six nursing students from a capital area Finnish University of Applied Sciences were interviewed. Topics were derived from the Papadopoulos, Tilki, Taylor model of cultural competence and formed into a tool to guide the interviews. The data from the interviews were categorized into themes using inductive content analysis.  Results  The findings showed that as a patient the participants had positive and negative experiences. Their general feeling about the Finnish healthcare system was positive. However, they all had negative experiences. Negative experiences occurred with healthcare professionals who were culturally incompetent. This affected the quality of care they received. Positive experiences resulted from interactions with culturally competent healthcare professionals. Most of their difficulties they faced were because of their use of English and lack of proficiency in Finnish. They experienced discrimination, stereotyping and ethnocentrism. Their experiences as students were a bit similar to their experiences as patients. These included incidents that happened to them and events they witnessed happening to other ethnic minority patients. The students as a whole gave a description of two nurse archetypes; the closed nurse and the open nurse. The participants were often challenged with nurses who were closed but they gravitated towards nurses who were open. The open nurses were friendly, encouraging, and happy to work with people from different cultures.  Conclusions  The results show ethnic minority nursing students are facing adversity because many Finnish healthcare workers are culturally incompetent. Finnish healthcare curriculums should be reviewed to see if there is enough multicultural education. More multicultural training is needed for healthcare professionals in the capital area of Finland. Models of cultural competence should be reviewed and incorporated into the Finnish nursing practice.
Critical perspectives on user involvement
The patron-driven library : a practical guide for managing collections and services in the digital age
The Role of Networking in Weekly Program Production : Case RTG Active
Value co-creation approach in B2B-service
Research for effective social work practice
Moninaisuus mielessä!  a guide about meeting diversity of sexual orientation and gender in the field of social work : report of making a product
Receptionists' job satisfaction in hotels of Rovaniemieffects of unhappy and problematic customers /
The information specialist in an expert role in a capacity building project : a unique possibility to enlarge the library ́s role and status in higher education
Engagement of employees to internal service development : Case: Development of the contract management tool
Humour is present in our everyday life, as well as in companies'  boardrooms, but it could be used more strategically in business innovation. Although there is an ample amount of research on humour in advertising, and there is increasing interest in emotions in business research, there is a gap in how to use humour in order to advance business innovation: creating new products and services. Service design thinking processes offer an opportunity to study humour in innovation workshops. The present paper discusses how humour could be studied in service design workshops of nine companies involved in a Tekes-funded humour-related research project in 2016. The purpose of the paper is to suggest a research framework in order to get more understanding of the role of humour in service design processes, particularly in workshops and their outcomes. The main research question is whether humour advances the process and the outcome of service design workshops and if yes, how. Humour and playfulness will be defined, and how to measure them discussed. The paper will accomplish the following: firstly, theoretical foundations are laid for humour, playfulness, humour in group work and humour in workshops'  outcomes. Secondly, we propose a research agenda for empirical studies. Expected results from the empirical studies will provide new insight into the importance of humour in service design workshop processes and outcomes. The contribution of the present paper will be twofold: theoretical – a research framework for analysing humour in service design processes (process and outcome) and managerial – how humour can be used to improve the service design workshops in companies, e.g. to improve the quality of the process, as well as the results. We are particularly interested in the possibility of integrating humour in business models and value propositions of companies and the present paper may contribute to this aim.
Students' expectation toward service of recruiment agencies in Vietnam
Tangible information technology for a better ageing society : proceedings of the Confidence 2010 International Conference: Open doors to ICT for ageing and eInclusion, 9-10 December 2010 Jyväskylä, Finland
Paediatric emergency triage, assessment and treatment : care of critically ill children : updated guideline
"A guide for librarians to develop a new relationship with technology that preserves the core mission of libraries while responding to the needs of a new generation of library clients"--Page xxii.
Internal Service Analysis : The trainer’s internal activities in the service delivery
Abstract (1 lehti). Summary (lehdet 27-33).
Hybrids in temporary institutional care : Children with an immigrant background in municipal temporary institutional care in Greater-Helsinki.
Counselling in a nutshell
Humour Matters in Service Design Workshops
