http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18063 offensive war
offensive war
Gaza in crisis : reflections on Israel's war against the Palestinians
Genghis Khan : the man who conquered the world
The travaux préparatoires of the crime aggression
Barbarossa : Hitler's invasion of Russia, 1941
International law and armed conflict : exploring the faultlines : essays in honour of Yoram Dinstein
Poland in the Second World War
Tora! tora! tora! : Pearl Harbor
Battle of Los Angeles
The United Nations and the Iraq-Kuwait conflict 1990-1996
Seize and hold : master strokes on the battlefield
Falling skies : the game : PlayStation 3
Task force Helmand : a soldier's story of life, death and combat on the Afghan front line
Writings on war
International law and political reality : collected papers. Vol. 1
Justice and violence : political violence, pacifism and cultural transformation
The occupation of Iraq : winning the war, losing the peace
Crisis in the gulf : enforcing the rule of law
The incident
Pacific Blitzkrieg : World War II in the central Pacific
Pearl Harbor
Edge of tomorrow
Operation Sea lion : Hitler's plot to invade England
Tora! Tora! Tora! : extended Japanese cut
Hitler's Arctic War : the German campaigns in Norway, Finland, and the USSR, 1940-1945
International law, the crime of aggression and the Ius ad bellum
the Silent mountain : the battle of the alps
Moscow - the turning point : the failure of Hitler's strategy in the winter of 1941-42
[At]war : the rise of cyber warfare
The criminalization of international core crimes in Finland
Operation Snow : how a Soviet mole in FDR's white house triggered Pearl Harbor
The Kuwait crisis : basic documents
Just wars and moral victories : surprise, deception and the normative framework of European war in the later Middle Ages
Strategy moves : 14 complete attack and defense strategies for competitive advantage
"Yoram Dinstein's influential textbook is an indispensable guide to the legal issues of war and peace, armed attack, self-defence and enforcement measures taken under the aegis of the Security Council. This fifth edition incorporates recent treaties such as the Kampala amendments of the Statute of the International Criminal Court, new case law from the International Court of Justice and other tribunals, and contemporary doctrinal debates. Several new supplementary sections are also included, which take into account recent conflicts around the world, and consideration is given to new resolutions of the Security Council. With many segments having been rewritten to reflect recent State practice, this book remains a wide-ranging and highly readable introduction to the legal issues surrounding war and self-defence"--
International law and the use of force
Grand delusion : Stalin and the German invasion of Russia
The Soviet plans for the north western theatre of operations in 1939-1944
Falling skies : the game : XBOX 360.
Falling skies : the game : PS3
The rape of Nanking : the forgotten holocaust of World War II
World war II. Natsit iskevät
Tanks : the great battles
The spring of Kasper Meier
What Stalin knew : the enigma of Barbarossa
War, aggression and self-defence
Archbold international criminal courts : practice, procedure and evidence
The undertaking
Tanks : armoured warfare
"War has plagued homo sapiens since the dawn of recorded history and, at almost any particular moment in the annals of the species, it appears to be raging in at least a portion of the globe (frequently, in many places at one and the same time). War has consistently been a, perhaps the, most brutal human endeavour. If for no other reason, the subject of war should be examined and reexamined continuously. There is a tendency today to avoid the use of the term 'war', regarding it as arcane and largely superseded by the phrase 'international armed conflict'. However, apart from the fact that the expression 'war' - appearing as it does in many international instruments and constituting an integral part of a host of customary international legal norms - is far from outdated, a general reference to international armed conflicts ignores the important theoretical as well as practical distinctions existing between wars and other uses of inter-State force ('short of war')".
The secret of the swordfish. Part 3 : SX1 strikes back
Birds of prey
Cyber weapon target analysis
Blowback : the costs and consequences of American empire
Churchill's crusade : the British invasion of Russia, 1918-1920
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
Self-defense against the use of force in international law
Stalin's seminar on the Winter War
Counterinsurgency and the global war on terror : military culture and irregular war
The crime of aggression in contemporary international law
Images of Barbarossa : the German invasion of Russia, 1941
The Soviet invasion of Finland, 1939-40
Plan of attack
The secret of the swordfish. Part 2 : Mortimer's escape
The paras : the story of the parachute regiment
Self-defence in the 'war against terrorism'? : legal rhetoric on an ultimately political journey from the ideal to the real
The red line : the gripping account of the RAF's bloodiest raid on Hitler's Germany
The French descent into Renaissance Italy, 1494-95 : antecedents and effects
A battle in bits and bytes : computer network attacks and the law of armed conflict
The British as enemy
The Afghan syndrome : how to live with Soviet power
The secret of the swordfish. Part 1 : The incredible chase
Falling skies : the game : Xbox 360
Operation Sea Lion : German plans for the invasion of England, 1939-1942
Battleship
Aggressive war : an international crime
World encyclopaedia of the tank : an international history of the armoured fighting machine
Kursk : the greatest battle : Eastern Front 1943
The current legal regulation of the use of force
The fall of Berlin 1945
Lights out : a cyberattack : a nation unprepared : surviving the aftermath
Stalin's folly : the secret history of German invasion of Russia, June 1941
Enemy at the gates : the battle for Stalingrad
