http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1804 communicable disease
communicable disease
Control and eradication of viral diseases of ruminants
Infectious diseases of animals : diseases due to bacteria. Vol. 1
Communicable diseases in 1988-1990 and vaccinations in 1987-1990 in Finland
Control of communicable diseases manual
Bubonic plague in nineteenth-century China
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
The strain
Handbook of serodiagnosis in infectious diseases
Immunological aspects of infectious diseases
Insects of medical importance : A handbook for the identification of
Equine infectious diseases. 3, Proceedings of the 3rd International conference on equine infectious diseases, Paris, July 17-21, 1972
A plague of paradoxes : AIDS, culture, and demography in northern Tanzania
In the wake of the plague : the black death and the world it made
Tuberculosis Reawakening - Considerations in Maternal Welfare
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 2, Control of an outbreak, treatment and prevention
Crossed. Volume 1
The population dynamics of infectious diseases : theory and applications
Update on infectious diseases
Microbiology : diversity, disease, and the environment : Abigail A. Salyers, Dixie D. Whitt
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
Zoonoses in Finland 1995-1997
AIDS and the good society
Diagnosis of viral infections : the role of the clinical laboratory
Infectious diseases in Finland in 1998
Equine infectious diseases. 5, Proceedings of the 5th International Conference
Trends and sources of zoonotic agents in animals, feedingstuffs, food and man in Finland in 2003.
Chain of events
Deadly diseases
Instant notes in medical microbiology
Manual of small animal infectious diseases
Public knowledge, perception and factors associated with 2009 h1n1 swine influenza vaccination : a literature review
Immunisation against infectious disease
The fear
Bats and viruses : from pathogen discovery to host genomics
Salmonellosis : microbiologic, pathologic and clinical features
The conquest of disease : an impossible dream?
World livestock 2013 : changing disease landscapes
Infectious diseases in Finland in..
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003 : executive summary
Infections in elderly patients
Trends and sources of zoonotic agents in animals, feedingstuffs, food and man in Finland in 2001.
Essentials of tropical infectious diseases
Ecology of infectious diseases in natural populations
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
The dead
Crossed. Volume 4
Bring out your dead : the great plague of yellow fever in Philadelphia in 1793
Foodborne pathogens : microbiology and molecular biology
The kingdom of little wounds
In 2009–2011, the WHO Regional Office for Europe and the United Kingdom Health Protection Agency undertook a project to investigate the adverse health effects of floods and to understand how best to protect the health of populations during floods in the WHO European Region. The project had two main components. A questionnaire was sent to 50 of the 53 Member States of the WHO European Region to collect information on recent experience of floods, their health effects and current preparedness and response mechanisms. In addition, a systematic review was undertaken of the epidemiological literature on the global impact of flooding on health. Analysis of the returned questionnaires and the peer-reviewed literature brought to light many issues pertinent to Europe. These findings will help WHO to prepare evidence-based guidance for the European Region on health concerns before, during and after flooding incidents and the measures for prevention, response and recovery.
Six-legged soldiers : using insects as weapons of war
Crossed. Volume 3 : Psychopath
The secret
Infectious diseases of animals : diseases due to bacteria. Vol. 2
Tropical diseases : a practical guide for medical practitioners and students
The biologic and clinical basis of infectious diseases
The ghost map : the story of London's most terrifying epidemic : and how it changed science, cities, and the modern world
Infectious disease and the eye
Malaria: drugs, disease and post-genomic biology
Infectious diarrhea
Infected : a novel
Infectious diseases in Finland in 1993.
Viral and bacterial zoonoses
Progress report on the global response to the HIV/AIDS epidemic, 2003
Plague in the late medieval Nordic countries : epidemiological studies
Microbes without borders : key facts on infectious diseases in Europe : highlights from ECDC's annual report on infectious diseases in Europe
Emerging diseases of animals
Recent advances in infection. No. 2
The rickettsial diseases
Climate change and infectious diseases : international conference. Alfried Krupp Wissenschaftkolleg Greifswald. May 26 to 28, 2009
Salmonellae and shigellae
Surveys of different zoonoses
Waterborne zoonoses : identification, causes and control
A nurse's manual of infectious diseases
The black death
Philosophy of epidemiology
Avoid meeting Typhoid Mary!
The fall
Foodborne human isolates of Salmonella and Shiga toxin -producing Escherichia coli of domestic origin in Finland
Crossed. Volume 5
The zoonoses : infections transmitted from animals to man
Infectious diseases diagnosis : current status and future trends
Baltimore. Volume 5 : The apostle and the witch or Harju
Approximately 75% of emerging infectious diseases are zoonoses, and the rate of emergence of zoonotic diseases is on the rise. Bats are being increasingly recognised as an important reservoir of zoonotic viruses of different families, including SARS coronavirus, Nipah virus, Hendra virus and Ebola virus. Understanding bats' role in emerging zoonotic diseases is crucial to this rapidly expanding area of research. Bats and Viruses: A New Frontier of Emerging Infectious Diseases provides an updated overview of research focusing on bat biology and the role bats play as hosts of many major zoonotic viruses. The text covers bat biology, immunology, and genomics. Chapters also delve into the various major bat-borne virus families, including lyssaviruses, paramyxoviruses, coronaviruses, filoviruses and reoviruses, among others.
Slow virus infections of the central nervous system : investigational approaches to etiology and pathogenesis of these diseases
Biotherapeutic agents and infectious diseases
Netter's infectious diseases
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Sanitation and hygiene in Kibera Slums, Nairobi : women ́s concerns and nurses promotional tools
Trends and sources of zoonotic agents in animals, feedingstuffs, food and man in Finland in 2000.
The strain. Volume 6, The night eternal
The great mortality : an intimate history of the black death
Retrospective Study of Effects of Air Pollution on Human Health
Floods in the WHO European region : health effects and their prevention
Mycobacterial infections in domestic and wild animals = Infections mycobactériennes chez les animaux domestiques et sauvages = Infecciones microbacterianas en animales domésticos y salvajes
Infectious diseases
Hagan and Bruner's infectious diseases of domestic animals : with reference to etiology, pathogenicity, immunity, epidemiology, diagnosis and biologic therapy
Staphylococcal infections
Microbial pathogenesis : a principles-oriented approach
Infectious disease : a very short introduction
The strain. Volume 2
Zoonoses and communicable diseases common to man and animals
And the band played on : politics, people, and the AIDS epidemic
"Mountains Beyond Mountains" takes us from Harvard to Haiti, Peru, Cuba and Russia, as the charismatic but flawed genius Dr Paul Farmer challenges widely-held preconceptions about poverty and healthcare. As a medical student, Farmer found his life's calling: to cure infectious diseases and to bring the lifesaving tools of modern medicine - so readily available in the developed world - to those who need them most. Beginning in Haiti, he tackles the conditions that contribute to so many unnecessary deaths with his trademark combination of world-class expertise, unlimited compassion, and the unstinting dedication of friends and colleagues. Tracy Kidder's magnificent and moving account shows how, from achieving this modest dream, one person can make a difference in solving global problems through a clear-eyed understanding of the interaction of politics, wealth, social systems and medicine.
Emerging infectious diseases
The last man
Staphylococci and staphylococcal infections : proceedings of the 7th international symposium, Stockholm, June 29-July 3, 1992.
Crossed. Volume 2 : Family values
Infectious Diseases in Finland 2014
Pathogenesis of bacterial infections in animals
Equine infectious diseases. 2, Proceedings of the 2nd International conference on equine infectious diseases, Paris, June 16-18, 1969
The strain. Volume 4 : The fall
Trends and sources of zoonotic agents in animals, feedingstuffs, food and man in Finland in 2002.
The pathogenesis of infectious disease
Swine flu : the new pandemic
Aids and insurance : documents and texts from the Panel of the 15th General Assembly of the Geneva Association
The ELISA guidebook
The biology of disease
Mandell, Douglas, and Bennett's principles and practice of infectious diseases. Vol. 2
Empire of ivory
The island
The plague road : a John Grey historical mystery
Feline and canine infectious diseases
Clinical concepts of infectious diseases
Journal of clinical virology
Mountains beyond mountains
A short history of disease
Drug injectors and HIV risk reduction : strategies for protection
Hagan and Bruner's microbiology and infectious diseases of domestic animals : with reference to etiology, epizootiology, pathogenesis, immunity, diagnosis, and antimicrobial susceptibility
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Diseases transmitted from animals to man
Detection, epidemiology and host spectrum of cowpox and Borna disease virus infections
The strain. Volume 5, The night eternal
Pandemics : 50 of the world's worst plagues and infectious diseases
From advocacy to action : a progress report on UNAIDS at country level
Infectious blood diseases of man and animals : diseases caused by protista. Vol 2, The pathogens, the infections and the consequences
Infectious diseases of wild mammals
Capacity building for surveillance and control of zoonotic diseases : FAO/WHO/OIE Expert and Technical Consultation, Rome, 14-16 June 2005.
Zoonoses and the origins and ecology of human disease
Infectious diseases : current topics. Vol 1, [Outgrowth of a symposium held in San Francisco, April 26.-27., 1978]
Pathophysiology made incredibly easy
Infectious diseases of the dog and cat
The sacrifice
Access and belonging in the age of viral epidemic : constructing migrants living with HIV/AIDS in the Finnish welfare state
Experimental ecology on the interaction between the Puumala hantavirus and its host, the bank vole
Manual of canine and feline infectious diseases
Trust and free will as the keys to success for the Low Threshold Health Service Centers (LTHSC) : an interdisciplinary evaluation study of the effectiveness of health promotion services for infectious disease prevention and control among injecting drug users
Staphylococci and staphylococcal infections. Vol. 1, Clinical and epidemiological aspects
The last of us : American dreams. [Volume 1]
John Snow
The providence
Infection and immunity in farm animals
Pathogenesis and host response in Helicobacter pylori infections : arising from the Second European Meeting on Pathogenesis and Host Response in Helicobacter pylori Infections, Galway, Ireland
Our current understanding of strangles. Part 1, Etiology, epidemiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs and diagnosis
Diagnostic procedures for viral, rickettsial and chlamydial infections
Disease and history
The end
The control of disease
The strain. Volume 1
Day four
Salmonella infections acquired abroad and detected in Finland, 1995-2009
The AIDS epidemic and its demographic consequences : proceedings of the United Nations/World Health Organization Workshop on Modelling the Demographic Impact of the AIDS Epidemic in Pattern II Countries : Progress to Date and Policies for the Future, New York, 13-15 December 1989.
Smallbox in two systems of knowledge
