http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18047 German speakers
German speakers
PETER CAMENZIND
Beware of pity
Threadsuns
A companion to the works of Hugo von Hofmannsthal
All the light we cannot see : a novel
The fourth dimension : interviews with Christa Wolf
Franz Kafka : a study of the short fiction
Rektor - en forskningsöversikt 2000-2010. Del I, Forsknings om rektor : en översikt av Svensk forskning 2000-2010. Del II, Research on school leaders : with Nordic and European reviews 2000-2010
Catalogue of books printed in the German-speaking countries and of German books printed in other countries from 1601 to 1700 now in the British Library
Perlmann's silence
The Christmas album
Night train to Lisbon
A companion to the works of Elias Canetti
All russians love birch trees
The German novella : two centuries of criticism
A radical stage : theatre in Germany in the 1970s and 1980s
The poet's madness : a reading of Georg Trakl
Across the land and and the water : selected poems, 1964-2001
A history of German literature
Selected poems
The trial /cby Franz Kafka
Narration in the German Novelle : theory and interpretation
Nestroy and the critics
Contemporary German prose in Britain and France (1980-1999) : a case study of the significance of otherness in translation
A companion to the works of Gotthold Ephraim Lessing
Constructing the German Walt Whitman
A model childhood
Death in Venice and other stories
Nightmare in Berlin
Drawing and education in german-speaking Europe 1800-1900
Back to back
The ice queen : a novel
The land of green plums : a novel
Darkness at noon
I am your judge : a novel
The method
Available for the first time in English, here is an unforgettable portrayal by a master novelist of the physical and psychological devastation wrought in the homeland by Hitler's war. Late April, 1945. The war is over, yet Dr Doll, a loner and 'moderate pessimist', lives in constant fear. By night, he is haunted by nightmarish images of the bombsite in which he is trapped - he, and the rest of Germany. More than anything, he wishes to vanquish the demon of collective guilt, but he is unable to right any wrongs, especially in his position as mayor of a small town in north-east Germany that has been occupied by the Red Army. Dr Doll flees for Berlin, where he finds escape in a morphine addiction: each dose is a 'small death'. He tries to make his way in the chaos of a city torn apart by war, accompanied by his young wife, who shares his addiction. Fighting to save two lives, he tentatively begins to believe in a better future. Written with Fallada's distinctive power and vividness, Nightmare in Berlin captures the demoralised and desperate atmosphere of post-war Germany in a way that has never been matched or surpassed.
Rainer Maria Rilke : creative anguish of a modern poet
Letters to a young poet
After the second flood : essays on post-war German literature
The Oxford companion to German literature
The Ship of fools
Englisch : English for German speakers : der umfassende Kurs. Teil 1B
A companion to twentieth-century German literature
Developmental orthography
Alliterating word-pairs in old high German
The genealogy of the Massenführer : Hermann Broch's "Die Verauberung" as a religious novel
All for nothing
An introduction to the works of Peter Weiss
Child of the jungle : true story of a girl caught between two worlds
German short stories = Deutsche Kurzgeschichten. 2 / edited by David Constantine ; [translated by David Constantine ... et al.]
Prague territories : national conflict and cultural innovation in Franz Kafka's fin de siècle
A study of the major novellas of E.T.A. Hoffmann
Bad wolf : [a novel]
Retrospect and review : aspects of the literature of the GDR 1976-1990
The curious tale of hare and hedgehog
THE WITCH AND THE MISCHIEVOUS SEVEN
HOURS IN THE GARDEN AND OTHER POEMS
On the other side
Ludwig Börne : a memorial
German literary influences on the american transcendentalists
Neither left nor right : the politics of individualism in Uwe Johnson's work
On a hot June day the body of a sixteen-year-old girl washes up on a river bank outside of Frankfurt. She has been brutally murdered, but no one comes forward with any information as to her identity. Even weeks later, the local police have not been able to find out who she is. Then a new case comes in: A popular TV reporter is attacked, raped, and locked in the trunk of her own car. She survives, barely, and is able to supply certain hints to the police, having to do with her recent investigations into a child welfare organization and the potenial uncovering of a child pornography ring with members from the highest echelon of society. As the two cases collide, Inspectors Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein dig deep into the past and underneath the veneer of bourgeois society to come up against a terrible secret that is about to impact their personal lives as well. In Nele Neuhaus's second U.S. publication of her enormously popular series, tensions run high and a complex and unpredictable plot propels her characters forward at breakneck speed.
Sociocultural aspects of translating and interpreting
A companion to the Nibelungenlied
The trial
Shoah with Slow train to Göttingen and translations from Rainer Malkowski's Das Meer steht auf
One hundred days
Selected poems and prose of Paul Celan
Mother courage and her children
The blue sky : a novel
A concise history of German literature to 1900
The drinker
The German language in primary education, Belgium
LITTLE TIGER, GET WELL SOON
Unrecounted : 33 poems
Theodor Storm: studies in ambivalence : symbol and myth in his narrative fiction
THE JUNIPER TREE AND OTHER TALES FROM GRIMM
Till Eulenspiegel : his adventures ; translated, with introduction and notes, by Paul Oppenheimer
A young Tuvan shepherd witnesses the deterioration of his Mongolian culture as it collides with the modern world, from his older siblings' departure for boarding school, to the death of his beloved grandmother, to the poisoning of his faithful dog.
The unabridged Mark Twain
Winters in the south
The woman on the stairs
Christa Wolf in perspective
The demons
The land of green plums
English inversion in second language acquisition of German native speakers : an empirical approach
Englisch : English for German speakers : der umfassende Kurs. Teil 1A
Changing perceptions of Thomas Mann's Doctor Faustus : criticism 1947-1992
The art of hearing heartbeats : a novel
Lessing's Nathan the Wise and the critics, 1779-1991
Perfume : the story of a murderer
The passport
German-speaking exiles in Great Britain
Snow White Must Die by Nele Neuhaus is a tremendous new contemporary mystery series and huge international bestseller--with more than 2.5 million copies in print!On a rainy November day police detectives Pia Kirchhoff and Oliver von Bodenstein are summoned to a mysterious traffic accident: A woman has fallen from a pedestrian bridge onto a car driving underneath. According to a witness, the woman may have been pushed. The investigation leads Pia and Oliver to a small village, and the home of the victim, Rita Cramer.On a September evening eleven years earlier, two seventeen-year-old girls vanished from the village without a trace. In a trial based only on circumstantial evidence, twenty-year-old Tobias Sartorius, Rita Cramer's son, was sentenced to ten years in prison. Bodenstein and Kirchhoff discover that Tobias, after serving his sentence, has now returned to his home town. Did the attack on his mother have something to do with his return?In the village, Pia and Oliver encounter a wall of silence. When another young girl disappears, the events of the past seem to be repeating themselves in a disastrous manner. The investigation turns into a race against time, because for the villagers it is soon clear who the perpetrator is--and this time they are determined to take matters into their own hands.An atmospheric, character-driven and suspenseful mystery set in a small town that could be anywhere, dealing with issues of gossip, power, and keeping up appearances
Gottfried Benn and his critics : major interpretations, 1912-1992
A companion to German literature : from 1500 to the present
August von Kotzebue : the comedy, the man : including The good citizens of Piffelheim, translated from Die deutschen Kleinstädter
Poems and prose
Information highlighting in advanced learner English : the syntax-pragmatics interface in second language acquisition
Fathomsuns and Benighted = Fadensonnen and Eingedunkelt
The demons : vol 2
Counter-figures : an essay on antimetaphoric resistance : Paul Celan's poetry and poetics at the limits of figurality
FAVOURITE TALES FROM GRIMM
A whole life
Poems of Paul Celan
Stories 1904-1924
In the old sun : a novel
Rewriting reality : an introduction to Elfriede Jelinek
Walter Kempowski's Das Echolot : sifting and exposing the evidence via montage
Gods, angels and narrators : a metaphysics of narrative in Thomas Mann's Joseph und seine Brüder
Parables for the theater : two plays
Blood brothers
Prior linguistic knowledge matters : the use of the partitive case in Finnish learner language
Peter Handke: the fist five plays
Christa Wolf : literature and the conscience of history
The appointment
Rock crystal : a Christmas tale
Kafka's contextuality
Cultural memory and historical consciousness in the German-speaking world since 1500 : papers from the conference "The fragile tradition"
The origin of German tragic drama
Seven years : a novel
On love and death
THE WANDERING JEW
THE JOURNEY TO THE EAST
THE JUNIPER TREE AND OTHER TALES FROM GRIMM 2
CONRAD
Understanding Thomas Mann
Snow White must die
A STRATEGIC MARKETING PLAN TO ATTRACT MORE GERMAN SPEAKING TOURISTS FROM CENTRAL EUROPE TO THE CITY OF KOTKA
