http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18011 private investigators
private investigators
The memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
Moriarty
Danger Mouse : Licence to chill
The wrong side of goodbye : a novel
Once broken faith
The sinking island : a Jack Norm investigation
The Consummata
The diamond chariot : the further adventures of Erast Fandorin
As the pig turns
Eternal kiss of darkness
Messenger of truth : a Maisie Dobbs novel
W is for wasted
The case-book of Sherlock Holmes
Watch your back
The murder of an angel
Double fudge brownie murder
Recipes for love and murder : a Tannie Maria mystery
Cast in flame
The complete Pistolwhip
The labours of Hercules
The killing
Brown's requiem
The dark tide
The quiet death of Thomas Quaid
The adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Politics have never been Toby Daye's strong suit. When she traveled to the Kingdom of Silences to prevent them from going to war with her home, the Kingdom of the Mists, she wasn't expecting to return with a cure for elf-shot and a whole new set of political headaches. Now the events she unwittingly set in motion could change the balance of modern Faerie forever, and she has been ordered to appear before a historic convocation of monarchs, hosted by Queen Windermere in the Mists and overseen by the High King and Queen themselves. Naturally, things have barely gotten underway when the first dead body shows up. As the only changeling in attendance, Toby is already the target of suspicion and hostility. Now she needs to find a killer before they can strike again - and with the doors locked to keep the guilty from escaping, no one is safe. As danger draws ever closer to her allies and the people she loves best, Toby will have to race against time to prevent the total political destabilization of the West Coast and to get the convocation back on track ...and if she fails, the cure for elf-shot may be buried forever, along with the victims she was too slow to save.
Powers. [vol. 3: Little deaths]
Magnum P.I.. The complete first season
Light in shadow
The Hon. Phryne Fisher, languid and slightly bored at the start of 1929, is engaged to find out if the antique-shop-owning son of a Pre-Raphaelite model has died by homicide or suicide. At the same time she is asked to discover the fate of the lost illegitimate child of a rich old lady, to the evident dislike of the remaining relatives.
Amos Decker, newly hired to a FBI special task force, takes an interest in convicted murderer Melvin Mars case when he discovers the eerie similarities to his own life.
The official Lloyd Llewellyn collection : [13 stories]
In the summer of 1986, two tragedies rocked Oklahoma City. Six movie-theater employees were brutally killed in an armed robbery. Then a teenage girl vanished from the annual state fair. Neither crime was ever solved. Twenty-five years later, the reverberations of those unsolved cases continue to echo through the lives of those devastated by the crimes. Wyatt, the one teenage employee who inexplicably survived the movie-theater massacre, is now a private investigator in Las Vegas. A case unexpectedly brings him back to a hometown and a past he's tried to escape -- and drags him deeper into the harrowing mystery of the movie-house robbery that left six of his friends dead.
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : PlayStation 4
The dawn patrol
Cold blood
Agatha Raisin : there goes the bride
The New York trilogy
Grieving the death of his wife, private investigator Mark Novak reluctantly accepts a case from a suspected murderer who may or may not be innocent.
The hound of the Baskervilles ; The valley of fear
Murder in the dark : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Precious and the mystery of Meerkat Hill : a new case from Precious Ramotswe
Gil Jordan, private detective : Murder by high tide
Mystery man
He lover of death : the further adventures of Erast Fandorin
The chickens of Atlantis and other fowl and filthy fiends : being the memoirs and musings of a time-travelling Victorian monkey butler
Blotto, Twinks and the heir to the tsar
Altered carbon
The third rail
Memory man
Vanilla ride : a Hap and Leonard novel
The promise
Grave witch : an Alex Craft novel
Robert B. Parker's cheap shot
In this grave hour : Maisie Dobbs Series, Book 13
Magnum P.I.. The complete fourth season
Blotto, Twinks and the dead dowager duchess
Private games
A private business : a Hakim and Arnold mystery
The killing III
Wake up and dream
The long fall
Journey to Munich : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Make me : a Jack Reacher novel
Dirk Gently : The BBC radio collection
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : PS4
Sam and Twitch : the writer
Storm front. Vol 1, The gathering storm
A terrible beauty
Murder and Mendelssohn
The Wollstonecraft detectives Mary and Ada tackle their second case, this time involving a horrible hospital, a missing will, a hasty engagement and a client who can't be trusted.
The bones of Paris : a novel of suspense
President down
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : PlayStation 3
Death by water
The unopened casebook of Sherlock Holmes
The long Glasgow kiss : A Lennox thriller
The mystery of briony lodge
The Castlemaine murders
City of the sun
Agatha Raisin and the busy body
A red-rose chain : a Toby Daye novel
Before I wake
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : Xbox One
Elegy for Eddie
Freelance death
A bookmarked death
January window
A study in Scarlet ; the sign of the four
A private business
The Mangle Street murders
The eighth day
The return of Sherlock Holmes ; His last bow
The case of the girl in grey
Harry Bosch is California's newest private investigator. He doesn't advertise, he doesn't have an office, and he's picky about who he works for, but it doesn't matter. His chops from 30 years with the LAPD speak for themselves. Soon one of Southern California's biggest moguls comes calling. The reclusive billionaire has less than six months to live and a lifetime of regrets. He hires Bosch to find out whether he has an heir. Using all of his cold case skills, Bosch pieces together a 65-year-old mystery and finds out that the case is not as simple - or cold - as he thought.
Dead men and broken hearts
The state counsellor : the further adventures of Erast Fandorin
The diabolical Miss Hyde
A man lies dreaming
Adventure time : Finn & Jake Investigations : Xbox 360
Magnum P.I.. The complete third season
The bastard's tale
Magnum P.I.. The complete second season
Cursed : a Regan Reilly mystery
Perhaps her darkest and most chilling novel, it features a remorseless serial killer who leaves no trace of his crimes. Once again breaking the rules and establishing new paths, Grafton wastes little time identifying this sociopath. The test is whether Kinsey can prove her case against him before she becomes his next victim.
Deadly beloved
Private Royals
The house on Maple street and other stories
Deja who
The long and faraway gone : a novel
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
Max Payne 3 : PlayStation 3
The double
The professional
Queen of the flowers
The satanic mechanic : a Tannie Maria mystery
Grave memory
Return to sender
Ghost of the vikings
Spade and Archer
The Hermit
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : Nintendo 3DS
Seconds away
End of watch : a novel
Hush Hush
Dead man's blues
Among the mad : a Maisie Dobbs novel
The bitter seed of magic
The prisoner of Brenda
Leaving everything most loved : a Maisie Dobbs novel
Crime writers : reflections on crime fiction
Takedown twenty
The long Glasgow kiss
Journey to Munich
The curse of the house of Foskett
Inventing the Pinkertons or, Spies, sleuths, mercenaries, and thugs : being a story of the nation's most famous (and infamous) detective agency
The girl who disappeared twice
The last mile
The sweet scent of blood
Blood relation
Hammers on bone
Last words
Murder on a midsummer night : a Phryne Fisher mystery
Adventure time : Finn & Jake investigations : Wii U
Dead man's chest
Sherlock Holmes and the plague of Dracula
Rizzoli & Isles, the complete first season
If looks could kill
Kill my mother : a graphic novel
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
X is for..
The watchers
Cast in sorrow
Guilty minds
The hound of the Baskervilles
Sherlock Holmes : the dark mysteries
Cast in flight
Field of prey
Magnum P.I.. The complete fifth season
The three monarchs
Front runner : a Dick Francis novel
