http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18037 social gerontology
social gerontology
Gerontology : perspectives and issues
Productive aging : concepts and challenges
The need for theory : critical approaches to social gerontology
A place to grow old : the meaning of environment in old age
Cultures of ageing : self, citizen and the body
Old age in modern society : a textbook of social gerontology
Ageing and later life
"With the world's population getting increasingly older, there has never been a more pressing need for the study of old age and ageing. An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions".
Other cultures, elder years
Qualitative gerontology : a contemporary perspective
The politics of aging : power and policy
Handbook of aging and the family
Politics, power and old age
The quality of aging : strategies for interventions
The Berlin aging study : aging from 70 to 100
"The cultural in gerontology: challenges, approaches and methods" : symposium programme and proceedings
Gerotranscendence : a developmental theory of positive aging
Aging : the social context
The sociology of aging
Gerontological social work
The Cambridge handbook of age and ageing
Gerontological social work with families : a guide to practice issues and service delivery
Research instruments in social gerontology. Vol. 1, Clinical and social psychology
The caring relationship : elderly people and their families
Aging and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
Social Welfare, Aging and Social Theory explores how we can understand the changing relationship between social welfare and human aging. The book begins by reviewing how historical changes in society impacted on shaping emergence of scientific approaches to understand and problematize and bio-medicalize aging as akin to an illness and disease. The discussion moves to trace how particular social science theories were developed to reinforce negative perceptions of aging. The book also develops its own reflexive approach with in-depth examples of social welfare in national, international and global contexts in how aging is theorized in the postmodern world were alternative possibilities can be encountered.
Community-dwelling older people in inpatient rehabilitation : Physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Social network and self conception of elderly people
Survey on the current status of research into 'ageing' in Europe
Connecting gender and ageing : a sosiological approach
Aging bodies : images and everyday experience
Invisible lives : social worlds of the aged
Ageing in a changing society : elderly men and women in urban Sweden 1830-1930
How do the social effects of ageing over the life course interact with gender, giving rise to changed gender roles and relationships? How do women's and men's sense of their identity change with increasing age? "Connecting Gender and Ageing" challenges the assumption that gender can be treated as static over the life course, highlighting the differential social effects of ageing on women's and men's roles, relationships and identity. The early chapters address the question of linking gender and age within sociological theory, outlining alternatives and introducing new ideas to integrate these two dimensions of social stratification. Contributors use a feminist perspective to explore the impact of ageing on gender roles in the workplace and in retirement; in marital and other relationships; in community support networks and in older women's own perceptions. A range of research approaches are used, including qualitative studies giving a voice to women. A concluding chapter draws out the implications of the book. A clear writing style and the inclusion of chapters from North America and Europe makes this book accessible to an international readership.
Qualitative methods in aging research
Research instruments in social gerontology. Vol. 3, Health, program evaluation, and demography
Journal of aging & social policy
This newest edition of a core graduate level textbook has added six new chapters to further enrich the “gerontological imagination,” and encourage an interdisciplinary approach to the study of aging. Academically rigorous yet clear and accessible, the text provides the most current findings from leading gerontological researchers and practitioners. New and updated chapters examine biology, exercise science/nutrition, communication science, geriatric medicine and nursing, demography, anthropology, economics, human development, psychology, political science, sociology, social work, and law, to provide broadly drawn perspectives on the study of aging. Special emphasis is placed on current challenges regarding policy and service delivery in the face of fiscal uncertainty. Additionally, this new edition covers international outlooks on aging given the increasing influence of globalization on individual lives. By interweaving knowledge from a broad range of disciplines, Wilmoth and Ferraro have created a comprehensive picture of gerontology today that will enhance course instruction and provide a new window into the future of the discipline.
What is age? A simple question but not that easy to answer. "Unmasking Age" addresses it using data from a series of research projects relating to later life. This is supplemented by material from a range of other sources including diaries and fiction. Drawing on a long career in social research, Bill Bytheway critically examines various methods and discusses ways of uncovering the realities of age.
The elderly in modern society
Old age in Europe : a textbook of gerontology
Reconstructing old age : new agendas in social theory and practice
Ageing and social policy : a critical assessment
An introduction to gerontology
The sociology of old age
Ageing, meaning and social structure is a unique book advancing critical discourse in gerontology and makes a major contribution to understanding key social and ethical dilemmas facing ageing societies. It confronts and integrates approaches that have been relatively isolated from each other, and interrelates two major streams of thought within critical gerontology: analyses of structural issues in the context of political economy and humanistic perspectives on issues of existential meaning. The chapters, from a wide range of contributors, focus on major issues in ageing such as autonomy, agency, frailty, lifestyle, social isolation, dementia and professional challenges in social work and participatory research. This volume should be valuable reading for scholars and graduate students in gerontology and humanistic studies, as well as for policy-makers and practitioners working in the field of ageing.
Women in later life : exploring 'race' and ethnicity
Handbook of applied gerontology
Social forces and aging : an introduction to social gerontology
Handbook of aging and the social sciences
Handbook of gerontological services
Gerontological practice for the twenty-first century : a social work perspective
Gerontology : changes, challenges, and solutions. Volume 2, Health and wellbeing
Journal of gerontological social work
Understanding quality of life in old age
Understanding ageing : images, attitudes and professional practice
Social construction of entering clienthood in gerontological social work
Adult development & aging : biopsychosocial perspectives
Gerontological social work : international perspectives
Aging : concepts and controversies
Families, services and confusion in old age
Journal of gerontology
Research instruments in social gerontology. Vol. 2, Social roles and social participation
Researching social gerontology : concepts, methods and issues
Teaching and learning in later life : theoretical implications
The sociology of aging : an international perspective
Social capital as a health resource in later life : the relevance of context
Gerontechnology : technology and aging - starting into the third millenium
Understanding old age : critical and global perspectives
Unmasking age : the significance of age for social research
Life-span perspectives on health and illness
Social welfare, aging, and social theory
Ageing, independence and the life course
This volume introduces ideas, dilemmas and controversies about the way that lives of elderly people are shaped by patterns of power. It is about politics in the broadest sense and about old age as a contested part of contemporary social life. The author applies ideas about power and ageism in specific areas such as lifestyles, personal identity, appearance, and intergenerational conflicts as well as pensioners' movements, party politics and elections. He includes original research on the social construction and negotiation of identity in old age, and brings together material from a range of British, American and European studies of relevance to the theme of politics and old age. Throughout, he explores global and historical trends in ageing but relates these to personal dilemmas and interpersonal relationships. The book is interdisciplinary, and its challenging ideas will appeal to a broad range of students, academics and professionals with a common interest in ageing and the care and well-being of the elderly. This text introduces ideas, dilemmas and controversies about the way that lives of elderly people are shaped by patterns of power. It is about politics in the broadest sense and about old age as a contested part of contemporary social life.
Community-dwelling older people in patient rehabilitation : physiotherapists' and clients' accounts of treatments, and observed interaction during group sessions
Gerontology : changes, challenges, and solutions. Volume 1, Social and life course issues
Ethnicity and gerontological social work
An Introduction to Gerontology provides a wide-ranging introduction to this important topic. By assuming no prior expert knowledge and avoiding jargon, this book will guide students through all the main subjects in gerontology, covering both traditional areas, such as biological and social ageing, as well as more contemporary areas, such as technology, the arts, sexuality and education of older adults. An Introduction to Gerontology is written by a team of international authors with multidisciplinary backgrounds who draw evidence from a variety of different perspectives and traditions.
International handbook on ageing : contemporary developments and research
The realities of aging : an introduction to gerontology
Ageing and the life course : an introduction to social gerontology
Still in touch : family contact, activities and health among elderly in Sweden
Unequal ageing : the untold story of exclusion in old age
Fate or choice? : talking about old age and health
Growing older : quality of life in old age
Good quality of life for elderly people : SPE Project end report
Social gerontology : a multidisciplinary perspective
Aging and the life course / an introduction to social gerontology
Family life in old age : proceedings of the meetings of the European Social Sciences Research Committee in Dubrovnik, Yugoslavia, 19-23 October, 1976, and Ystad, Sweden, 26-30 September, 1977
Gerontology : an interdisciplinary perspective
Ageing in society : an introduction to social gerontology
The social context of ageing
Key concepts in social gerontology
Social class in later life : power, identity and lifestyle
The cultural context of aging : worldwide perspectives
Critical perspectives on aging : the political and moral economy of growing old
Social forces and aging : an introduction to social  gerontology
The Sage handbook of social gerontology
Social gerontology : new directions
Old age from antiquity to post-modernity
Aging, globalization, and inequality : the new critical gerontology
Gerontology : a behavioral science approach
Ageing, meaning and social structure : connecting critical and humanistic gerontology
Learning to be old : gender, culture, and aging
Ageing and the care of older people in Europe
Well-being for the elderly : primary preventive strategies
Gerontological social work practice in long-term care
