http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18089 preliminary treatment
preliminary treatment preliminary proceedings
Development of pretreatment technology and enzymatic hydrolysis for biorefineries
Influence of the alkalinity in polysulphide pretreatment on results of cooking with normal liquor-to-wood ratios
Water sorption isotherms and heat of sorption of cashewnuts pretreated by different methods
Functionalized nanocelluloses and their use in barrier and membrane thin films
Advanced biorefinery concepts integrated to chemical pulping
This title develops a systematic approach to materials at a time when there has been a call for a greater focus on materials in material culture studies. It establishes a new perspective on the meaning and significance of materials, particularly those involved in mundane, daily usage.
Anaerobic digestion of organic by-products from meat-processing industry : the effect of pre-treatments and co-digestion
Sourdough : a tool for the improved flavour, texture and shelf-life of wheat bread
Post-processing techniques for integrated MEMS
Effect of pretreatments on germination of seeds of the medicinal plant Enautia chlorantha Oliv
The use of lignocellulosic biomass for fermentative butanol production in biorefining processes
Pretreatment techniques for biofuels and biorefineries
The handbook of biomass combustion and co-firing
Effect of diet and seed pretreatment on the biology of Bruchidius uberatus (Coleoptera, Bruchidae)
Metallien korroosionestomaalaus = Anti-corrosive painting of metals. Osa 2 = Part 2, Kenttätestausmenetelmät I = Field test methods I.
Enhancement of ultrafiltration process by pretreatment in recovery of hemicelluloses from wood extracts
Pretreatment categories, process alternatives and material characteristics in enzymatic hydrolysis of lignocellulose
Effect of processing and cooking on total and soluble oxalate content in frozen root vegetables prepared for consumption
Vegetables from amaranth to zucchini : the essential reference
The effect of crop quality and pre-treatment on germination in Scots pine and Norway spruce seeds
Bullying and young children : understanding the issues and tackling the problem
Effects of processing and salts on some functional properties of cashewnut (Anarcadium occidentale) flours
Rising above bullying : from despair to recovery
Water consumption and wastewaters in fresh-cut vegetable production
Landfill operation and waste management procedures in the reduction of methane and leachate pollutant emissions from municipal solid waste landfills
Probability and statistics with R
Treatment and characterisation of oily wastewaters
An archaeology of materials ; substantial transformations in early prehistoric Europe
Integration of torrefaction with steam power plant
This book extensively covers the different types of biomass (e.g. molasses, sugar beet pulp, cheese whey, sugarcane residues, palm waste, vegetable oil, straws, stalks and wood), various pretreatment approaches (e.g. physical, thermal, chemical, physicochemical and biological) and methods that show the subsequent production of biofuels and chemicals such as sugars, ethanol, extracellular polysaccharides, biodiesel, gas and oil. In addition to traditional methods such as steam, hot-water, hydrothermal, diluted-acid, organosolv, ozonolysis, sulfite, milling, fungal and bacterial, microwave, ultrasonic, plasma, torrefaction, pelletization, gasification (including biogas) and liquefaction pretreatments, it also introduces and discusses novel techniques such as nano and solid catalysts, organic electrolyte solutions and ionic liquids. This book offers a review of state-of-the-art research and provides guidance for the future paths of developing pretreatment techniques of biomass for biofuels, especially in the fields of biotechnology, microbiology, chemistry, materials science and engineering.
Microwave-assisted air-dehydration of fruits and vegetables : processing conditions and product quality
E-waste recycling : proposal plan for Rustenburg city
Soil sampling, preparation, and analysis
Samples : from the patient to the laboratory : the impact of preanalytical variables on the quality of laboratory results
Catalytic pretreatment and hydrolysis of fibre sludge into reducing sugars
How to cheat in Adobe Flash CS5 : the art of design and animation
Mapping and analysing crime data : lessons from research and practice
Controlled water use is an important component of sustainable fresh-cut vegetable production because of limited water resources, and also for controlling the quality of wastewater re-used in vegetable processing or for irrigating on fields. In our study the water consumption in vegetable processing plants varied from 1.5 to 5.0 m3 t-1 of finished product. In one plant, monitored over three years, almost 90% of water was used for washing and rinsing of vegetables, but more than 90% of the organic load of the wastewater was generated from the processing stage. The results including organic load and the microbial quality of the wastewaters showed that the wastewater should be treated beforere-use.Separate treating of wastewaters from processing stage is recommended.  Pre-treatment of wastewater using precipitation chemicals and sedimentation in basins decreased the organic load and total solids in the water, allowing further treatment of the waters.
Effect of thermal pretreatment on chemical composition and biogas production from kitchen waste
Functional cellulose microspheres for pharmaceutical applications
Biogas production from meat and pulp and paper industry by-products
Optimizing shoot proliferation and rooting of micropropagated Japanese quince (Chaenomeles japopica (Thunb.) Lindl. ex. Spach)
The effect of storage ageing and spring sprouting of seed tubers on the yield of three potato varieties in the Finnish Lapland : Research Note
Pretreatments of Norway spruce pulpwood for pressure groundwood production
Data management in IoT based food safety monitoring system
The oxalate content of beetroot, carrot, celeriac and parsnip after freezing by traditional and modified methods (the latter resulting in a convenience food product), and after the preparation of frozen products for consumption was evaluated. The highest content of total and soluble oxalates (105 and 82 mg 100 g-1 fresh matter) was found in beetroot. The lowest proportion (55%) of soluble oxalates was noted in celeriac; this proportion was higher in the remaining vegetables, being broadly similar for each of them. Blanching brought about a significant decrease in total and soluble oxalates in fresh vegetables. Cooking resulted in a higher loss of oxalates. The level of oxalates in products prepared for consumption directly after freezing approximated that before freezing. Compared with the content before freezing, vegetables prepared for consumption by cooking after frozen storage contained less oxalates, except for total oxalates in parsnip and soluble oxalates in beetroot and celeriac. The highest ratio of oxalates to calcium was found in raw beetroot; it was two times lower in raw carrot; five times lower in raw celeriac; and eight times lower in raw parsnip. These ratios were lower after technological and culinary processing. The percentage of oxalate bound calcium depended on the species; this parameter was not significantly affected by the procedures applied. The true retention of oxalates according to Judprasong et al. (2006) was lower than retention calculated taking its content in 100 g fresh matter into account.
A novel pre-treatment for cheese production : biochemistry, sensory perception and consumer acceptance
The relationship of pretreatment pulping parameters with respect to selectivity : optimization of green liquor pretreatment conditions for improved kraft pulping
Proceedings of the Fifth International Strawberry Symposium : Coulum Beach, Queensland, Australia, September 5-10, 2004
New LC-MS assays for drugs and endogenous compounds in small-volume biological samples
Pretreatment processes in gold recovery by thiosulphate leaching
Catalytic pretreatments and microwave assisted hydrolysis of lignocellulosic raw materials
