http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1807 background music
background music
Does background music affect highway driving? : an experimental study
Step latin 5.
Something Special
Game design : the art & business of creating games
Smooth Moods. 2 : Velvet
Towards a comprehensive theory of musical emotions : a multidimensional research approach and some empirical findings
Music for the Jet Set
Use and Management of Music in High-End Restaurants in Helsinki
Swingin' Cheese : Croon Tunes and Kitscherama
Beach House
Komposti Sound Ready Or Not : Champion Mix Vol. 1
Who's that soul
Vocal percussion. 1, Drums 'n' voice : workshop with CD
A Groovy place
Children's perception of emotion in music : a cross-cultural study
Beach House. 2
Mellow Rock Hits Of The '70s : Ventura Highway
Streetdance. 19 : Hip hop / r&b
Winelight
Ubiquitous listening : affect, attention, and distributed subjectivity
Streetdance. 39 : Hip hop / r&b
Frock rock : women performing popular music
Cruisin : a selection of cool soul, funk & jazz tracks
Share my world
Cooldowns 02.
The British folk scene : musical performance and social identity
Songs For Sophisticats : 40 Cool Jazz Vocals
Las Vegas grind. Part 2 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
Serve Chilled. 3
Cocktail & Lounge. 2
Quiet classics for the piano : beautiful music appropriate for church services, weddings..
Either side of midnight : 30 cool jazz classics
Sporting sounds : relationships between sport and music
Harley-Davidson Road Songs : 30 Classic Rock Songs for the Open Road
It's Time
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary).
Low impact : best of 2002.
Make The Party Last
Don't let your indie film be sabotaged by bad sound! One of the weakest technical aspects of a low or no budget short or feature film is usually the sound, and in Sound Design for Low and No Budget Films, author Patrick Winters explains what filmmakers need to do to fix that. Learn how to improve the sound quality of your low budget film with specific tools and practices for achieving a better sound track, including detailed, step-by-step explanations of how to edit your production track, create a sound design, record and edit ADR, Foley and sound effects, music, and much more. Focusing on the essential details indie filmmakers need to know, Winters teaches you how to turn a thin and distracting sound track into one that makes your film shine.
Las Vegas grind. Part 1 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
Nightmusic
Serve Chilled. 2
Latin 04.
Sound design for low and no budget films
The effects of in-store music in retailing : how and why do stores use it?
Latin & tribal beats. 5.
Charly's Root Down : a fine selection of vintage grooves
More best of bar piano : 30 wonderful melodies from the piano lounge = 30 wundervolle Melodien aus der Piano Lounge
Jet Set : The Art of Easy Listening
Elevator music : a surreal history of Muzak, easy-listening, and other moodsong
Nights of quiet stars
Dinner Jazz : american classics
Mellow Rock Hits Of The '70s : Sundown
The effect of tempo of background music on duration of stay and spending in a bar
Latin & tribal beats. 3.
Kind of blue : emotions experienced in relation to nominally sad music
Las Vegas grind. Part 3 : 50's striptease raunch exotica!!!
Moon over Naples - Spanish eyes
Spirit of the street. Vol. 1
52nd Street : The Street Of Jazz
Golden Lovesongs of the 60's
The effect of background music on customers at restaurant Saaga Buffet
Heaven/earth
