http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1801 chemistry
chemistry
Equipment for cyclic voltammetry
Biochemistry
Sciencia : mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology and astronomy for all
Studies on intrachain conjugation, hybridization and invasion of oligonucleotides
Phospholipase cascades in OX1 orexin receptor signaling
Regional co-operation in science education research and researcher training : an example from Northern Europe
Help your kids with science : a unique step-by-step visual guide
Chemical demonstrations : a handbook for teachers of chemistry. 3
Chemistry. 1
Crystallization as a tool for controlling and designing properties of pharmaceutical solids
Chemistry of natural products
Modelling of potentiometric ion sensors
"Providing guidelines for implementing sustainable practices for traditional petroleum based plastics, biobased plastics, and recycled plastics, Sustainable Plastics and the Environment explains what sustainable plastics are, why sustainable plastics are needed, which sustainable plastics to use, and how manufacturing companies can integrate them into their manufacturing operations. A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
"A vital resource for practitioners, scientists, researchers, and students, the text includes impacts of plastics including Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) and sustainability strategies related to biobased plastics and petroleum based plastics as well as end-of-life options for petroleum and biobased plastics"--
What's Cooking in Chemistry: How Leading Chemists Succeed in the Kitchen
Chemistry
Uncorked : the science of champagne
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 10
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 17
Chemistry for changing times
Toxicants in aqueous ecosystems : a guide for the analytical and environmental chemist
Advanced chemistry
Cross-coupling reactions of organoborons with organic halides
Variation of phytosterols and steryl ferulates in wheat grains and fractions
Chemical demonstrations : a handbook for teachers of chemistry. 1.
Chemical characteristics of Finnish bedrock : 1:1 000 000 scale bedrock map units
Simultaneous determination of industrially and environmentally relevant aminopolycarboxylic and hydroxycarboxylic acids by capillary zone electrophoresis
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 12
Visualizing everyday chemistry
College chemistry : an introductory textbook of general chemistry
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 6
Electrochemical water processing
The curious quantum : fundamental chemistry explained with cut-out models
Study guide to accompany general chemistry : and general chemistry with qualitative analysis
Understanding human drug conjugating enzymes; regio- and stereoselectivity in sulfotransferase 1A3 and the UDP-glucuronosyltransferases
Applications of wet-end paper chemistry
GIS based chemical fate modeling : principles and applications
Encyclopedia of chemistry
Computational investigation of oxygen reduction and proton pumping in cbb3-type Cytochrome c Oxidases
Understanding selective reduction reactions with heterogeneous Pd and Pt : climbing out of the black box
Studies on the detection methods of Campylobacter and faecal indicator bacteria in drinking water
Chemical creativity : ideas from the work of Woodward, Hückel, Meerwein, and others
College Chemistry
Development and application of laser technologies at radioactive ion beam facilities
Modern hydrology and sustainable water development
General chemistry : Student solutions manual
Ink sandwiches, electric worms, and 37 other experiments for Saturday science
Morphogenesis of mammalian endoplasmic reticulum and golgi apparatus throughout the cell cycle
Chemical principles of environmental pollution
Laboratory practice of organic chemistry
College chemistry in the laboratory
Product design and engineering : formulation of gels and pastes
Negative regulation of Drosophila immune response
Mesoporous silicon micro- and nanoparticles : a versatile tool for peptide delivery
Using the DMAIC Model to Manage Machine Defects
Introduction to chemical principles
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 8
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 11
Electrochemical technologies for energy storage and conversion. Vol. 1 & Vol. 2
The knowledge : the periodic table
Chemistry : Chemistry : molecules, matter, and change / Loretta Jones and Peter Atkins., and change
Chemical demonstrations : a handbook for teachers of chemistry. 2
Solids and surfaces : a chemist's view of bonding in extended structures
150 great science experiments : ingenious, easy-to-do projects explore and explain the wonders of science and technology
Collagen network of the articular cartilage : ultrastructural stereologic analysis
The knowledge : how to rebuild our world after an apocalypse
Chemistry : course companion
Springer handbook of nanotechnology
Chemistry : for scientists and engineers : Student solutions manual to accompany
JoVE Science Education Videos
The disappearing spoon : and other true tales of madness, love, and the history of the world from the Periodic Table of the elements
Bioscience, biotechnology, and biochemistry
Characterisation and engineering of protein-carbohydrate interactions
Media activities book: integrating media in learning for Jones and Atkins's Chemistry molecules, matter, and change fourth edition
Oxidation of α-lactalbumin peptides with and without procyanidins
Improving interpretation by orthogonal variation : multivariate analysis of spectroscopic data
Controlled release gel formulations and preclinical screening of drug candidates
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 7
Mesoporous silicon particles designed for nanomedical applications
Outrageously fun things to do : lots of really crafty things to make!
Chemistry : core concepts
The right chemistry : 108 enlightening, nutritious, health-conscious and occasionally bizarre inquiries into the science of everyday life
Applications of Supramolecular Chemistry introduces the use of non-covalent interactions and molecular recognition for many fields. Applications include the analysis of technically, medically, and environmentally important chemical compounds, their separation, purification and removal, and the design of new materials, including supramolecular electronics. The book also explores biological interactions and applications in the food and textile industries.
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 4
Surprise explosions : the science spiders(TM) make chemicals react
A market leading textbook offering a fresh and engaging approach to the teaching of modern inorganic chemistry while giving a clear, well-balanced introduction to the key principles of the subject. The full-colour text design with three dimensional illustrations brings the subject to life. Throughout the book students are able to reinforce their learning with the use of worked examples and self-study exercises. Numerous applications and topic boxes also relate the chemistry to everyday life.
Oxidation of steryl esters
Computational chemistry using the PC
Functional analysis of VEGF-B and VEGF-C
Concepts in wine chemistry
Functions of AHR-1 and CYP-35A subfamily genes in Caenorhabditis elegans
Chemistry : an integrated approach
Chemistry : structure and dynamics
Basic chemistry
Chemistry imagined : reflections on science
Amino acids and peptides
The association of long-chain dipotassium [alpha,omega]-alkanedioates in aqueous solution
Chemistry : a molecular approach : study guide
Statistics and chemometrics for analytical chemistry
Chemistry : principles and reactions
Chemistry : the central science
New tools for trapping and separation in gas chromatography and dielectrophoresis : improved performance by aid of computer simulation
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 13
Chemistry : the molecular nature of matter and change
Media guide for students to accompany Chemical Principles, fifth ed. Steven S Zumdahl
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 18
On-chip purification of arc-discharge synthesized multiwalled carbon nanotubes via mobile liquid interface
Sustainability : how the cosmetics industry is greening up
Medical Cell Biology : made memorable
Chemical demonstrations : a handbook for teachers of chemistry. 4
The behaviour of nickel and antimony in oxygen-bearing copper anodes in electrolytic refining
Compact-disc microfluidic methods for characterization of therapeutic antibodies : analysis of post-translational modifications
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 20
The I used to know that activity book : stuff you forgot from school
Studies of transport processes in porous and ion exchange membranes
Current research on mathematics and science education : proceedings of the XXI Annual Symposium of the Finnish Association of Mathematics and Science Education Research
Influence of surface structuring on physical and mechanical properties of polymer-cellulose fiber composites and metal-polymer composite joints
This book brings together in one, compact volume all aspects of the available information about the iron oxides. It presents a coherent, up to date account of the properties, reactions and mechanisms of formation of these compounds. In addition, there are chapters dealing with iron oxides in rocks and soils, as biominerals and as corrosion products together with methods of synthesis and the numerous application of these compounds. Their role in the environment is also discussed. The authors are experts in the field of iron oxides and have worked on all the topics covered. Much recent data from the authors' own laboratories is included and opportunities for further research are indicated. Special features are the electron micrographs and colour plates together with the many different spectra used to illustrate properties and aspects of behaviour. Numerous tables and graphs enable trends and relationships to be seen at a glance. The book concludes with an extensive bibliography. This book should prove invaluable to industry and to all researchers who, whatever their background and level of experience, are interested in this rapidly expanding field. It is an essential volume for any scientific library and is now in its second, completely revised and extended edition!
Visions of the future : chemistry and life science
Everyday investigations for general chemistry
Principles of general chemistry
General chemistry
General chemistry and general chemistry with qualitative analysis : Instructor's manual
Endocannabinoid hydrolyzing enzymes : molecular modelling and computer-aided inhibitor discovery
Data analysis for chemistry : an introductory guide for students and laboratory scientists
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 14, Annual Cumulative Index 1964
Synthesis of betulin derivatives with new bioactivities
Metabolite profiling of Allium species by using modern spectrometric methods
It's elementary!
The function and regulation of the U11-48K protein in U12-dependent splicing
A guide to the elements
Water chemistry in Lake Paanajärvi and inflowing rivers, NW Russian Karelia
Carbon sequestration rates in Swedish forest soils : a comparison of three approaches
Synthesis of six-membered rings and inhibitors of protein kinases
Introductory chemistry for the environmental sciences
Condensation products of some [alpha]-diketones especially 3-methyl-2-hydroxy-2-cyclopentenone with thiosemicarbazide
Chemistry : reactions, structure, and properties
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 22
Chemical process design and integration
Cyclodextrins in fast-dissolving drug formulations for intraoral administration
Chemistry : for scientists and engineers : instructor's manual to accompany
A comprehensive guide to the hazardous properties of chemical substances
Chemistry connections : the chemical basis of everyday phenomena
Water on earth : physicochemical and biological properties
Tivistelmä (abstract in Finnish)
UVC irradiation based water treatment : astudy of UV light emitting diodes, atomic layer deposited TiO2 and novel applications
The thermal decomposition of the peroxydisulphate ions in aqueous solutions
Chemicals & reactions
Chemistry : an introduction to general, organic and biological chemistry
Effects of wholegrain foods and grain fibre in intestinal tract in relation to glucose metabolism : with an emphasis on wheat and rye bread effects
Cambridge international AS and A level chemistry
Why does asparagus make your wee smell? : and 57 other curious food and drink questions
Guided inquiry experiments in general chemistry : practical problems and applications
Solutions manual to accompany Atkins General chemistry
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 19
Sustainable plastics : environmental assessments of biobased, biodegradable, and recycled plastics
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 16
"Cosmetics and perfume represent a multibillion dollar global industry. Limited regulation and the enormous variety of ingredients make this comprehensive guide a valued resource for students and professionals in the field of personal care products. Based on Wiley's renowned Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, the book provides information on key product groups, ingredients, formulation technology, and related regulatory topics in 25 carefully selected articles. Chemists, R&D professionals, dermatologists, patent attorneys, and regulatory agencies will also benefit from this reference"--
A dictionary of science
Aspartase : a study on its nature and purification
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 2
Analytical sciences : the international journal of the Japan Society for Analytical Chemistry
Curious tales from chemistry : the last alchemist in Paris, and other episodes
Dielectric properties and molecular behaviour
Soil chemistry
Preparation of nanoparticles consisting of methacrylic polymers and drugs by an aerosol flow reactor method
Novel chemical tools to study ion channel biology
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
Gelation and gel properties of two- and three-component pyrene based low molecular weight organogelators
Chemistry : study guide
Chemistry counts
Biochemical modification and functionalization of nanocellulose surface
The prehistory of Suomussalmi, eastern Finland : the first billion years as revealed by isotopes and the composition of granitoid suites
Inclusion compounds. 3, Physical properties and applications
Applied radiation processing of polyolefins
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 5
What can I do? : the science spiders(TM) learn acid-base chemistry
Functional autoradiography as a pharmacological approach for studying G protein-coupled lipid receptor signalling
General chemistry : the essential concepts
The iron oxides : structure, properties, reactions, occurrence and uses
Effects of repeated slash removal in thinned stands on soil chemistry and understorey vegetation
Physical chemistry
Kirk-Othmer chemical technology of cosmetics
Journal of chemical education
The Usborne illustrated dictionary of science
Principles of inorganic materials design
Diastereomeric drug glucuronides : enzymatic glucuronidation and analysis by capillary electrophoresis and liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry
Nucleic acids research
Referat.
Beginning cosmetic chemistry : workbook & study guide
Usborne first illustrated science dictionary
Basic calculations for chemical and biological analysis
Waterlink : a magazine for Kemira's stakeholders
Journal
Applications of supramolecular chemistry
Ionic liquids and electrolytes for cellulose dissolution
Mass spectrometry and n-in-one analytics in early drug discovery : combinatorial chemistry libraries, lipophilicity and absorption screening
"This book covers the integration of chemical fate modeling for use in Geographic Information System (GIS) functions. It features a practical and hands-on approach that's intended for modelers preparing maps of chemical emissions, and creating landscape and climate properties within a GIS, while chemical fate calculations are performed using specialized model codes. A relevant part of the book also discusses data retrieval and processing as a basis for modeling. As such, the book offers a one-stop reference for practitioners who wish to integrate GIS with chemical modeling"--
Ultrafast light induced dissociation of Ru(dcbpy) (CO)2I2 in solution
Effect of enzyme treatments on interlock knitted fabric
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 3
Chemistry versus physics : chemical reactions near critical points
Self-assembly of resorcinarenes
Journal of colloid and interface science
"Kirk-Othmer Chemical Technology of Cosmetics provides information on key topics related to cosmetic and personal care products including natural products, ingredients, formulation technology, and regularoy aspects"--
New tools for green catalysis : studies on a biomimetic hybrid catalyst and a novel nanopalladium catalyst
Food Nanoscience and Nanotechnology
Nanoscience and nanotechnology have had a great impact on the food industry. They have increased the nutritional and functional properties of a number of food products and have aided in food preservation through the addition of antimicrobials or the reduction of water activity. These and many other applications have emerged in recent years to transform food science and technology. This book proposes to look at some of these applications and their effect on food production and innovation.  .
Separation of Molecules, Macromolecules and Particles : principles, phenomena and processes
Biogeochemistry in acid sulphate soil landscapes and small urban centres in Western Finland
Market Entry Plan For A Vietnamese Industrial Company : case: European Plastic Joint Stock Company
Development of potent and selective inhibitors of enzymes involved in endocannabinoid inactivation
"The book provides the fundamental knowledge necessary for the application of GIS in solving chemical fate modeling problems"--
Developments in carbohydrate chemistry
100 things to know about science
General, organic and biological chemistry
Development of a Protein Conservation Analysis Pipeline and Application to Carbonic Anhydrase IV
The purpose of this research project was to study the annual cycle of basic water properties in a lake covered by ice for about half the year close to the Arctic Circle. Samples were collected from the water column of the lake and the outlets of inflowing rivers with a Ruttner sampler from twelve locations during six visits in 1996-1997, a total of 31 samples each time. The analyses were made in accordance with the Finnish standards and included determinations of organic solids, alkalinity, colour, conductivity, total phosphorus (totP), total nitrogen (totN), ammonia (NH4+) and nitrate (NO3&minus;). Lake Paanajärvi is an east-west oriented tectonic lake (width 0.6-1.3 km, length 24.5 km, max. depth 128 m) surrounded by carbonate rich rocks and taiga forests. With over nine-tenths of the lake inflow into the western end and the outlet at the opposite eastern end of the lake, the topmost water layers of the lake behave much like a through-flow river. Most of these waters come from Finland and have been affected by human activity while all other inflowing waters drain from natural conditions.Seasonally, the winter time is characterized by the lowest of all colour values, the highest of all alkalinity contents, and by settling of phosphorus. All these features are mainly due to minimal discharges, high proportion of groundwater flow in relation to surface flow and calm conditions thanks to the ice-cover. Spring-time starts with violent nival floods in May associated with the maximal colour values, minimal alkalinity contents, and the rise of the spring turnover, temperature stratification and biotic activity which proceed in a wave-like fashion through the lake controlled by the through-flow and warming of river waters entering into the western inlet end of the lake. The uptake of nutrients is best seen in a rapid decrease of nitrate in the epilimnion in association with the increase of ammonia as a result of metabolism of organisms. The autumn turnover in late September and early October is associated with close to equal values of all parameters in the whole water column of the lake. The exhaustion of nitrate in the epilimnion suggests that nitrate may be a limiting factor for the biotic life. Other typical features of the lake are the lower temperatures and nutrient levels in the outlet deep compared to the inlet deep of the lake, and this may have led to adaptation and specialization among the biota within this "mini-Baikal" by Fennoscandian standards.
Environmental Degradation of Glass-fiber Reinforced Vinyl Ester : Public Part
Forensic science
The disappearing spoon : and other true tales of madness, love, and the history of the world from the periodic table of the elements
Berry phenolics : isolation, analysis, identification, and antioxidant properties
The chemical biology of nucleic acids
Common fragrance and flavor materials : preparation, properties and uses
Asimov's guide to science. Volume 1 : The physical sciences
Environmental chemistry : fundamentals
Instructor's resource guide : chemistry, fourth edition by Steven S. Zumdahl
Aliphatic polyester dendrimers and dendrons
Export of dissolved organic carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus following clear-cutting of three Norway spruce forest growing on drained peatlands in southern Finland
Mass-spectrometric analysis of glycerophospholipid metabolism
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 21
Inorganic chemistry
Catalysis in electrochemistry : from fundamental aspects to strategies for fuel cell development
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 23
Geochemistry and water quality of Lake Qarun, Egypt
A new approach to the analyses of fluorescence depolarisation experiments in the presence of electronic energy transport
Archaeological conservation using polymers : practical applications for organic artifact stabilization
Biogeochemistry : an analysis of global change
Some aspects of polarisation transfer in NMR spectroscopy
Multiple indicators of human impacts on the environment in the Pechora Basin, north-eastern European Russia
Biorefineries and chemical processes : design, integration and sustainability analysis
Aerosol synthesis of single-walled carbon nanotubes
Understanding chemistry for advanced level
The chemistry of acid derivatives. Supplement B. Part 2
General chemistry with qualitative analysis
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 15
The chemist's companion guide to patent law
ESR, ENDOR and TRIPLE resonance study on substituted 9,10-anthraquinone radicals in solution
Fundamentals of chemistry
Chemistry essentials for dummies
Fish consumption : human health effects and decision making
The Svedberg 1884 30/8 1944
Chemistry research in Finland 2005-2009 : evaluation report
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 1, Molecular Formula Index, Author and Journal Index, RotaForm Index
Chemistry : the science in context
Strategy process in practice in Teva and Kemia merger
World of chemistry
Organic chemistry
The canon : the beautiful basics of science
Mechanochemistry in nanoscience and minerals engineering
Chemistry in context
Bioanalytical chemistry
Encyclopaedia Chimica Internationalis : Cumulative Index Chemicus. Vol. 9
