http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18018 industrial work
industrial work
Today and tomorrow
Accident sources in industrial maintenance operations : proposals for identification, modelling and management of accident risks
New impacts on industrial relations : internationalization and changing production strategies
Enhancing innovative activities and tools for the manufacturing industry : illustrative and participative trials within work system cases
Manufacturing ideology : scientific management in twentieth-century Japan
Socio-economic Challenges in the Mining Industry : four Cases from the Barents Region
Business life in pursuit of economic and political advantages in early-nineteenth-century Finland
Co-creating understanding of the role of senses in magazine paper selection
Territory, specialization and globalization in European manufacturing
Method of pay in Finnish industry
This paper investigates in a combined theoretical and empirical approach the interrelatedness of job satisfaction and distance between home and workplace under long-distance commuting conditions. After discussing the concepts of long-distance commuting and job satisfaction on a theoretical level, the focus is on the situation of employees working in Russia's oil industry. The empirical analysis is based on questionnaire data from a survey that captures employees' experiences in an oil company, which operates in the Komi Republic and Nenets Autonomous District. The paper reveals factors influencing the perception of and dealing with commuting distances reaching up to several thousand kilometres. The influence of differences in the organisation and length of shifts and in the compensation for travel expenses is analysed in detail. Ultimately, the goal of this research is to find out whether or not commuting distances face upper constraints concerning employees' job satisfaction and to discuss potential implications for developments in remote areas. The results show that growing commuting distance does not necessarily cause lower job satisfaction. Instead, a more important factor in this respect is the organisation of long-distance commuting in a way that meets the understanding and needs of the involved employees and gives room for individual coping strategies.
Protective legislation and women workers : by the standing joint committee of industrial women's organisations
Productivity improvements at small manufacturing company's shop-floor
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Spilled water
In this article, the geographical transformation of the Finnish manufacturing sector since the 1970s is analysed. Changes in manufacturing employment by municipalities are used as central indicators of the transformation. The urban-rural shift, deindustralisation, and emergence of the new economy have all occurred during the last three decades.A trend surface analysis indicates that manufacturing employment increased all over the country in the 1970s. The growth was higher the more northern and eastern the municipality's location. This pattern was conformable to the goals of the Finnish regional policy of the 1970s. Deindustrialisation plagued the economy from the early 1980s to the mid-1990s, and its negative labour force impacts were focused especially on the southern mature industrial cities. The industrial policy of the 1980s was without much result. Finally, the crisis of the early 1990s ruined a considerable part of industrial performance everywhere in the country. The era of telecommunications-driven economic growth in the 1990s led to the geographical pattern of growing employment in few urban areas and some localities adjacent to cities. The long, vigorous growth period (up to the year 2001), comparable with the growth of the late 1960s and early 1970s, diffused to rural municipalities, but the geographical pattern of this boom was oriented more towards the west and south than in the 1970s.
Beyond mechanization : work and technology in a postindustrial age
Labour costs in economic segments producing intermediate goods for the manufacturing sector have grown significantly faster in Finland than in competitor countries in 1999-2011. The relatively rapid pace of growth in labour costs has passed through into intermediate goods prices, which has contributed to weakening the competitiveness of the exports industry..
Employment, trade and labour costs in manufacturing
Conclusion (s. 65-67).
Immigrants and the industries of London, 1500-1700
The insecure workforce
The adaptation of workers to industrial change : European Seminar Toulouse 22 and 23 January 1996 : summary of the debates
Suomen tilastollinen vuosikirja 2005 = Statistisk årsbok för Finland 2005 = Statistical yearbook of Finland 2005.
Summary (s. 4-8).
The industries of the future
Scientists in industry : conflict and accommodation
The value of work for individual in industrial milieu
Women on the line
The foreman on the assembly line
Safety device upgrade for robotic cells : Machine safety
Women on the Line is a pioneering ethnographic classic of the world of work in a British motor components factory. Miriam Glucksmann (aka Ruth Cavendish), a well-known contributor to the study of gender, work and employment, is for the first time revealed as the author, along with the identity of the company, product and factory.
Bart : business art
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
Exit from Finnish industry - does education matter?
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling and controlling
Industrial labor in the U.S.S.R
State of the art on the initiatives and activities relevant to risk assessment and risk management of nanotechnologies in the food and agriculture sectors
Industrial labour in Africa : a partially annotated bibliography
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
The quality of life in the Finnish game industry
Big sisters : spacing women workers in the clothing industry : a study on flexible production and flexible women
DFM(A) -aspects of fabricating front panels for telecommunication cabinet plug-in units and use in similar product types
Women among men : gender-related stress and health hazards affecting women working in a male-dominated industry
Industrial relations and the social order
Manufacturing change : industrial relations and restructuring
Everyday language policies : embodiment of language-related experiences of Finnish women in Sweden
Discrete and disjunctive optimization : parallel strategies and applications in industrial scheduling
Factory girls : voices from the heart of modern China
The affluent worker. [1], Industrial attitudes and behaviour
Innovations & network : final report 1/2014
Potentials : design in the field : new discourse on craft development 1-2
A new stage in the development of industrial work : reflections on the industrial transformation process of the 80's and on its sociological interpretations (with special reference to the recent publications of Kern and Schumann)
"This book takes a look at the games industry from a gendered perspective and highlights the variety of ways in which women remain underrepresented in this industry"--Provided by publisher.
Life on the line in contemporary manufacturing : the workplace experience of lean production and the "Japanese" model
Phony equality : labour standards of mobile phone manufactures in India
Social control in industrial organisations : industrial relations and industrial sociology: a strategic and occupational study of British steelmaking
The degradation of work? : skill, deskilling and the labour process
From Taylorism to Fordism : a rational madness
Essays on industrial structure, technical change, employment adjustment and technical efficiency
Exposure to chromium and its long-term health effects in stainless steel production
Development of line code systems in industrial
Fast food nation : the dark side of the all-American meal
Sociology, work, and industry
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
Work in a nationally-owned factory : facts, figures and reports on the NARVA bulb factory in Berlin : information from the GDR
The changing culture of a factory
Improving Performance of Construction Projects
in the UAE:multi cultural and decent work perspectives
Absolutely best cross-sections book ever
Essays on job turnover, productivity and state-local finance
Sickness absence according to diagnoses among employees in food industry from 2003 to 2008
A guide to the ergonomics of manufacturing
Work in the control room : studies of sociotechnical systems, job satisfaction, mental load and stress reactions
International interaction forms in global collaboration networks between the information technology industry and engineering education
A low road to investment and labour management? : the labour process at Nordic subsidiaries in the Baltic States
Determination of physical and psychosocial factors in prevention of low back disorders in industry
Family time and industrial time : the relationship between the family and work in a New England industrial community
Forever a pilot? : assessing the policy dialogue and project-based cooperation in energy efficiency between the EU and Russia
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
Healthy, skilled, disciplined : modernizing changes and the sense of self in the embodied experiences of a female factory worker
Women's work has proved to be an important and lively subject of debate for historians. An earlier focus on the pay, conditions and occupational opportunities of predominantly blue-collar working-class women has now been joined by an interest in other social groups (white-collar workers, clerical workers and professionals) as well as in the cultural practices of the work place, reflecting in part the recent 'cultural turn' in historical methodology. Although the term 'culture' is debated and contested, this volume reflects this diversity, addressing a variety of interpretations. The individual essays address such issues as how women have created occupational and professional identities, negotiated masculine working practices (cultural, legal and institutional) and created their own 'feminine' environments. They also examine the integration of paid work with domestic responsibilities, the concept of 'career' for women, and the construction and representation of women's work within the wider cultural landscape.' By focusing on the experiences of British women between c.1850 and 1950, the collection vividly demonstrates that the association of 'work' with paid labour is problematic and that the categories of 'work', 'leisure' and 'consumption' must be viewed as overlapping and inter-linked rather than as separate entities. Furthermore, it highlights the ways in which the concept of gender operated as an organising principle in the construction and negotiation of identities and practices in British society.
Outsourced Vs. in-house workforce in technical inspection business in Finland : Case: Moody International Finland Oy
Use cases for operational decision support system
The maritime cluster in the Baltic Sea region and beyond
Gender discourses at work : export industry workers and construction workers in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
Lighting, productivity and preferred illuminances : field studies in the industrial environment
Gender divide and the computer game industry
Workers' control in America : studies in the history of work, technology, and labor struggles
Training for the new competition : applications of critical theory to industrial relations training in Kenya and Nigeria
Forest industry on the map of Finland
Collaborative manufacturing : using real-time information to support the supply chain
Managers and workers : origins of the twentieth-century factory system in the United States, 1880-1920
Workplace industrial relations and the global challenge
New model for rationalization and labour relations in the Finnish paper industry
Summary: Chair, a glassmaking team.
Soviet workers and de-Stalinization : the consolidation of the modern system of Soviet production relations, 1953-1964
Spatial turns of manufacturing since 1970.
Women among men : gender-related and health hazards affecting women working in a male-dominated industry
Work and authority in industry : ideologies of management in the course of industrialization
Participation and technological change in the mechanical engineering industry : a European survey
The factory of the future : socio-technical investment management : European methods
Translational research : pharmaceutical industry view
Value co-creation in industrial buyer-seller partnerships - creating and exploiting interdependencies : an empirical case study
Project management : a systems approach to planning, scheduling, and controlling
Factory girls : from village to city in a changing China
Britain's productivity problem, 1948-1990
The map of Finland would look quite different if the forest industry had not had such an important role in the Finnish national economy and society. The production of pulp, paper, sawn timber, plywood and furniture concentrated people in dozens of mill towns and industrial centres. The harvesting and transportation of roundwood, in turn, dispersed people in hundreds of rural villages in different parts of the country. Together these localities formed the settlement systems of the forest sector, in which each of the localities had a certain economic and productive role. During the first half of twentieth century this settlement system expanded with increasing production, but during the second half of the century both lumberman-smallholder villages and mill communities faced serious difficulties. The restructuring processes within the forest sector decreased jobs in forestry and industrial production, although the production volumes continued to increase. Both the growth periods and restructuring periods have created spatial inequalities between localities and regions within the settlement system of the forest sector.
Summary.
Basic human values in the workplace
Coal and conflict : a study of industrial relations at collieries
Work and authority in industry : ideologies of management in the course of industrialization. Reinhard Bendix
Sector-specific labour cost developments from the perspective of the industrial sector's cost structure
Cooperation between brands and film industry: case : Helsinki Filmi
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Research in industrial education : summaries of studies 1956-1959 with subject index to studies listed in research in industrial education - summaries of studies 1930-1955
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Stress in industry : causes, effects and prevention
The Netherlands - Single programming document 1994-99 : Objective 4 : facilitating the adaptation of workers to industrial change and to changes in production systems
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
The Television Handbook is a critical introduction to the practice and theory of television. The book examines the state of television today, explains how television is made and how production is organised, and discusses how critical thinking about programmes and genres can illuminate their meanings. This book also explores how developments in technology and the changing structure of the television industry will lead the medium in new directions. The Television Handbook gives practical advice on many aspects of programme making, from an initial programme idea through to shooting and the post-p.
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Labor relations in Europe : a history of issues and developments
The Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture was organized by Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in cooperation with International Labour Organization (ILO) to generate inputs and guidance to the contents and process of developing guidance materials on policy and practice in tackling child labour in fisheries and aquaculture. In order to promote awareness on and effective implementation of the relevant UN and ILO conventions on the right of the child and child labour, workshop participants reviewed the nature, incidence and causes of child labour in fisheries, fish processing and aquaculture, examined the different forms and types of child labour in both large and small-scale and artisanal fishing operations, shellfish gathering, aquaculture, seafood processing, and work on board fishing vessels and fishing platforms, examined the health and safety hazards of fishing and aquaculture, including the use of hazardous technologies and relevant alternatives, and shared examples of good practice in the progressive elimination of child labour drawn from various sectors and regions. Child labour often reinforces a vicious cycle of poverty and has a negative impact on literacy rates and school attendance and limits children's mental and physical health and development. The workshop participants agreed on a series of recommendations relating to legal and enforcement measures, policy interventions and practical actions including risk assessments to address child labour issues in fisheries and aquaculture. FAO and ILO were called upon for priority actions to assist governments in withdrawing trafficked children and to effectively prohibit slavery and forced labour. Awareness raising among all stakeholders and the preparation of guidance materials were also prioritized by workshop participants. Gender issues needed to be considered in all actions and issues adequately addressed relating to discrimination and exclusion of fishing communities, castes, tribal and indigenous peoples, and ethnic minorities in fisheries and aquaculture.
Using the DMAIC Model to Manage Machine Defects
The Television Handbook
Fundamentals of manufacturing for engineers
Threads of solidarity : women in South African industry, 1900-1980
Improving performance of construction projects in the UAE : multi cultural and decent work perspectives
The Arctic in world affairs : a North Pacific dialogue on the future of the Arctic
Report of the FAO Workshop on Child Labour in Fisheries and Aquaculture in Cooperation with ILO : Rome, 14-16 April 2010.
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Automation, work organization and workers' commitment
Gender equality in global value chains and the role of Aid for Trade in promoting gender equality and women’s employment in developing countries
The Making of the Chinese Industrial Workplace : State, Revolution and Labor Management
The determinants of aggregate productivity : the evolution of micro-structures and productivity within plants in Finnish manufacturing from 1975 to 1994
Men at work
Genders in production : making workers in Mexico's global factories
Industrialization and mass poverty : points from two centuries of debate
Women and work culture : Britain c. 1850-1950
Distance between home and workplace as a factor for job satisfaction in the North-West Russian oil industry
Manufacturing change : interdisciplinary research on new models of operation in Finnish industry
Toward the automatic factory : a case study of men and machines
Oil extraction in extreme remoteness : the organization of work and long-distance commuting in Russia’s northern resource peripheries
Industrialization and labor : social aspects of economic development
Making common sense common practice : models for manufacturing excellence
34th R3-Nordic Contamination Control Symposium Turku, Finland, June 2-4, 2003
Manual for the preparation of industrial feasibility studies
Denmark : single programming document 1994-96 : Objective 4: facilitating the adaptation of workers to industrial change and to changes in production systems
The vernacular workshop : from craft to industry, 1400-1900
Two studies on the structural background of industrial accidents
Beyond the ruins : the meanings of deindustrialization
Studies on wage differentials and labour market transitions
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
