http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1805 pneumonia
pneumonia
Clozapine, infections and immune system
Do wheezing infants grow up to be asthmatic adults? : asthma prevalence in relation to early-life and current risk factors
Severe community- acquired pneumonia – studies on imaging, etiology, treatment, and outcome among intensive care patients
Pneumonia in the elderly : risk factors, clinical efficacy of pneumococcal vaccine and long-term prognosis
Toxoplasma pneumonia in a patient with AIDS : [letters to the editor]
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of respiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
An eleven valent diphtheria and tetanus - conjugated pneumococcal vaccine : immunogenicity and safety in Filipino infants
Pulmonary infection and atherosclerosis in an experimental Chlamydia pneumoniae model
Pocket radiologist : chest : top 100  diagnoses
The introduction of the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine into cameroon's expanded programme on immunisation : would every child be reached?
Changes in survival over time after a first episode of pneumocystis carinii pneumonia for European patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Do vitamins C and E affect respiratory infections?
The effectiveness of education on critical care nurses' knowledge and skills in adhering to guidelines to prevent ventilator-associated pneumonia
Airway responsiveness and inflammation in young children with respiratory symptoms
The effect of physiotherapy on the prevention and treatment of ventilator-associated pneumonia for intensive care patients with acquired brain injury
The respiratory tract is a frequent target of infections caused by a wide range of organisms. The book provides reader-friendly information on aspects of pulmonary infections, including comprehensive accounts of bacterial and viral diseases, therapeutic approaches, molecular and classical culture-related techniques of diagnosis, and explaining the basic cell biological mechanism. The role of oxidative stress, both helpful in fighting invading pathogens and detrimental in yielding to infection is detailed as it is often undervalued and needs focus. The chapters encompass latest developments and applications in bacteriology and virology, preventive and therapeutic tips, and raise attention to implementation of proper antibiotic policies by medical institutions to decrease resistance to antimicrobials. The perennial problem of low influenza vaccination coverage rate is rationalized. The volume will be of interest to both clinicians and biomedical researchers engaged in this exciting field.
Respiratory Health
Community-acquired pneumonia in adult patients with special reference to rapid methods for etiological diagnosis
Abstract.
Inflammatory Disorders
Vitamin C intake and susceptibility to pneumonia
Infectious disease
Pediatric community-acquired pneumonia : a serologic study on etiology, with special focus on newly identified agents
Thoracic emergencies
The tracheobronchial tree is open to the environment surrounding the body. Respiration has thus the essential bearing on general morbidity, vulnerability to disease and immunity. Further, respiratory function shapes the neuropsychological responses to succumbing to disease, controls the mind-to-body interaction and sets the perception of quality of life. The chapters of this book deal with the preventable drivers of poor respiratory health, the role of health information technology, the improvement in health care delivery and the integration of respiratory health and behavioral health services. Innovative strategies to promote prevention, care coordination and care integration as well as to align disease acceptance and quality of life measures also are tackled. Maintaining respiratory health is of rising research interest as a way of preventing a disease or a non pharmacological therapeutic succor. The book will be of interest to clinicians, family practitioners and medical researchers.
Severe community-acquired pneumonia : studies on imaging, etiology, treatment, and outcome among intensive care patients
Lesser known large dsDNA viruses
Pulmonary Infection
Role of pneumococcal virulence genes in the etiology of rerspiratory tract infection and biofilm formation
Summary.
Radiological findings in nephropathia epidemica : analysis of chest radiography, renal ultrasonography and renal magnetic resonance imaging
The mechanistic basis of chronic inflammation remains unclear. The research sheds new light on the immune cells expressing the activation markers HLA-DR and regulatory T cells (Tregs) and the cells expressing Siglec receptors as being key players in the immune system responsiveness to antigens and thus in lung tissue damage of chronic inflammation. The results help understand the mechanisms of action of common drugs used in COPD, such as formoterol, tiotropium, or corticosteroids, and point to novel drug targets. The chapters also deal with brain damaging effects, by far unrecognized, of inhaled corticosteroid therapy, a time-proven management of chronic inflammatory airway conditions; asthma being a case in point. Novel methods, likely less producing side effects, of macrolide antibiotics administration by inhalation are discussed, emphasizing not only bacteriostatic but also anti-inflammatory action.
Long-term outcome of early childhood lower respiratory tract infections : respiratory morbidity, lung function, and health-related quality of life in the 30-year follow-up
Rapid etiological diagnosis of pneumonia in young men
Do vitamins C and E affect respiratory infections ?
Etiology and antimicrobial treatment of pneumonia and other common childhood infections warranting hospitalization
Trophozoite-to-cyst ratio increases during recovery from Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in rats
Acute drug poisoning : outcome and factors affecting outcome
Catching the pneumococcus : studies focusing on carriage, epidemiology and microbiological methods
Childhood community-acquired pneumonia
Cytokines and adhesion molecules in lung inflammation
Pneumococcal pneumonia in children : diagnosis and clinical profile
Infection control in clinical practice
Pneumonia in pre-school children : Terveysnetti
Case definition of pneumococcal pneumonia : a latent class analysis approach
Canine bacterial pneumonia : role of acutephase proteins and viral co-infections
