http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18048 Scientology
Scientology
Scientology 8-80 : the discovery and increase of life energy in the genus homo sapiens
Science of survival : prediction of human behavior
The problems of work : Scientology applied to the workaday world
Dianetics 55! : the complete manual of human communication
Scientology : abuse at the top
Humanitarian : rehabilitating a drugged society
Humanitarian : education, literacy & civilization
WHAT IS SCIENTOLOGY?
Advanced procedure and axioms
"Based on more than two hundred personal interviews with both current and former Scientologists--both famous and less well known--and years of archival research, Lawrence Wright uses his extraordinary investigative skills to uncover for us the inner workings of the Church of Scientology: its origins in the imagination of science-fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard; its struggles to find acceptance as a legitimate (and legally acknowledged) religion; its vast, secret campaign to infiltrate the U.S. government; its vindictive treatment of critics; its phenomenal wealth; and its dramatic efforts to grow and prevail after the death of Hubbard."--From publisher description.
The Cambridge companion to new religious movements
The creation of human ability : a handbook for Scientologists
Self analysis : a simple self-help volume of tests and processes based on the discoveries contained in dianetics
Scientology is one of the wealthiest and most powerful religions to emerge in the past century. This book demonstrates how Scientology has reflected the broader anxieties and obsessions of postwar America, and raises profound questions about how religion is defined and who gets to define it.
New religions emerge as distinct entities in the religious landscape when innovations are introduced by a charismatic leader or a schismatic group leaves its parent organization. New religious movements (NRMs) often present novel doctrines and advocate unfamiliar modes of behavior, and have therefore often been perceived as controversial. NRMs have, however, in recent years come to be treated in the same way as established religions, that is, as complex cultural phenomena involving myths, rituals and canonical texts. This Companion discusses key features of NRMs from a systematic, comparative perspective, summarizing results of forty years of research. The volume addresses NRMs that have caught media attention, including movements such as Scientology, New Age, the Neopagans, the Sai Baba movement and Jihadist movements active in a post-9/11 context. An essential resource for students of religious studies, the history of religion, sociology, anthropology and the psychology of religion.
Sects, cults, and spiritual communities : a sociological analysis
Dianetics today
Adventurer/explorer : daring deeds & unknown realms
Beyond belief : my secret life inside scientology and my harrowing escape
Going clear : scientology, Hollywood, and the prison of belief
Hacker, hoaxer, whistleblower, spy : the many faces of Anonymous
This is an overview of the development of new religions and the controversies surrounding them in late modern society. This is a stimulating, course-friendly overview of the history and development of new religious movements (NRMs) in the late twentieth century. This book explores eight cults and NRMs, including the Church of Scientology, Transcendental Meditation, Unificationism, The Family International, the Ramtha School of Enlightenment, the Branch Davidians, Heaven's Gate, and Wicca. Each chapter reviews the origins, leaders, beliefs, rituals and practices of a NRM, highlighting the specific controversies surrounding this group. This book covers debates including what constitutes an authentic religion, the validity of claims of brainwashing techniques, the implications of experimentation with unconventional sexual practices, and the deeply rooted cultural fears that cults engender.
Scientology 0-8 : the book of basics
Humanitarian : restoring honor & self-respect
Introduction to scientology ethics
Free Zone Scientology and other movement milieaus : a preliminary characterization
The road to total freedom : a sociological analysis of scientology
Dianetics, the original thesis
Scientology : the fundamentals of thought
Cults and new religions : a brief history
Turn off your mind : the mystic sixties and the dark side of the age of Aquarius
The way to happiness : a common sense guide to better living
Blown for good : behind the iron curtain of Scientology
L. Ron Hubbard : a profile
Freedom fighter : articles & essays
Philosopher & founder : rediscovery of the human soul
Scientology 8-8008
Scientology : a new slant on life
What is scientology? : the comprehensive reference on the world's fastest growing religion ; Scientology : theology & practice of a contemporary religion : a reference work
Scientology : a history of man : a list and description of the principal incidents to be found in a human being
Cults : prophecies, practices & personalities
Troublemaker : surviving Hollywood and Scientology
Bare-faced Messiah : the true story of L. Ron Hubbard
Going clear : Scientology, Hollywood, and the prison of belief
Dianetics : letters & journals
The church of scientology : a history of a new religion
Handbook for preclears
