http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1808 music
music
Music in art : international journal for music iconography
Automatic subgenre classification of heavy metal music
Music-related nostalgic experiences of young people living in migration
The art of listening : developing musical perception
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
Our sense that a waltz is "in three" or a blues song is "in four with a shuffle" comes from our sense of musical meter. Hearing in Time explores the metric aspect of our musical experience from a psychological point of view. Musical meter is taken as a musically-specific instance entrainment, that is, our more general ability to synchronize our actions to the rhythms around us. As such, musical meter is subject to a number of fundamental perceptual and cognitive constraints. These constraints are the cornerstones of Hearing in Time's account of musical meter. Hearing in Time also takes into account the fact that listening to music, like many other rhythmic activities, is something that we do a lot. It also approaches musical meter in the context of music as it is actually performed, with nuances of timing and dynamics, rather than as a theoretical ideal. Hearing in Time's approach to meter is not based on any particular musical style or cultural practice, and so it discusses musical examples from a wide range of musical styles and cultures--from Beethoven and Bach to Brubeck and Ghanaian (Ewe) drumming. In taking this broad approach a number of fundamental similarities between a variety of different metric phenomena--such as the difference between so-called simple versus complex or additive meters--become apparent. Hearing in Time is written for musicians, musicologists, music theorists and psychologists who are interested in rhythm and meter. Only a modest ability read a musical score is presumed, and most musical examples are taken from familiar popular and classical repertory.
Rhythmic music education : Jazz - Rock - World music
SMAC 93 : Stockholm Music Acoustics Conference, July 28-August 1, 1993.
MIDI toolbox : MATLAB tools for music research
Fleetwood Mac's distinctive sound, first really captured in the 1977 record Rumours, launched the group into the commercial stratosphere, and over the past three decades they have never looked back. All along the way their dysfunctional relationships have informed their professional success, as well as their personal downfalls. By writing and singing about their problems, Fleetwood Mac has transformed what breaks them apart into what keeps them together. They have turned their dark relationship dilemmas into glittering entertainment. In this highly entertaining chronicle, author Donald Brackett provides readers with a special opportunity to review the band's complicated history and reconsider the personal, dynamic sources of their classic albums and enduring hits. The band drummer Mick Fleetwood and bassist John McVie started in 1967 has gone through more personnel changes and stylistic innovations than any other pop group in our cultural history. The story of the group began when John Mayall and Alexis Korner, the band's mentors, launched a mid-'60s British blues revival. Ex-Mayall players Fleetwood and McVie then went on to form an incendiary band of psychedelic blues under the name Fleetwood Mac. But it was not until hearing a little-known 1973 record from Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks that Mick Fleetwood heard the future sound and true pop potential of his own group.
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Counter transference in music therapy : a phenomenological study on counter transference used as a clinical concept by music therapists working with musical improvisation in adult psychiatry
Guide to rhythmically moving. 2
Guide to rhythmically moving. 1
Between present and past, visible and invisible, and sensation and idea, there is resonance - so philosopher Maurice Merleau-Ponty argued and so Jessica Wiskus explores in "The Rhythm of Thought". Holding the poetry of Stephane Mallarme, the paintings of Paul Cezanne, the prose of Marcel Proust, and the music of Claude Debussy under Merleau-Ponty's phenomenological light, she offers innovative interpretations of some of these artists' masterworks, in turn articulating a new perspective on Merleau-Ponty's philosophy. More than merely recovering Merleau-Ponty's thought, Wiskus thinks according to it. First examining these artists in relation to noncoincidence - as silence in poetry, depth in painting, memory in literature, and rhythm in music - she moves through an array of their artworks toward some of Merleau-Ponty's most exciting themes: our bodily relationship to the world and the dynamic process of expression. She closes with an examination of synesthesia as an intertwining of internal and external realms and a call, finally, for philosophical inquiry as a mode of artistic expression. Structured like a piece of music itself, "The Rhythm of Thought" offers new contexts in which to approach art, philosophy, and the resonance between them.
Ipod touch for dummies
The new Penguin dictionary of music
The Kingfisher book of music
Computer-aided ear-training : a contemporary approach to Kodály's music educational philosophy
Boosting Music Exports : How could the music export office develop the exports of the independent music scene in the Czech Republic?
Brain and music
"Do you remember the idea of like being like just I don't know who you are" : the discursive construction of M.I.A's alternative artist identity on QTV interview and its authentication in YouTube commentary
Scott Pilgrim's precious little life
The inspiration in improvisation : identifying and classifying the approaches to emotion-based musical improvisation
Divided dreamworlds? : the cultural Cold War in East and West
Contemporary research in music learning across the lifespan : music education and human development
Perspectives of new music
Compulsory music course from an enterprise approach (pedagogical approach)
The sacred in music
THE INTERPRETATION OF EARLY MUSIC
This volume surveys the intersection of music and nationalism by tracing its historical development and interpreting its most recent forms. Several types of music are offered as examples of how music becomes a language and agent for nationalism, such as folk music in the 19th century, and popular music in the post-World War II era. The book also looks at areas of music-making that belong to no single genre or repertory, but cross between them and between class and ideological divisions, such as national anthems, military music, nationalist tone poems and national folk-music ensembles in Eastern Europe.
Long way to the top : the role of music booking agents in Finland
Scott Pilgrim vs. the universe
Handbook of music and emotion : theory, research, applications
Knowing jazz : community, pedagogy, and canon in the information age
Ubiquitous musics : the everyday sounds that we don't always notice
Music and emotions
Music in ancient Greece and Rome
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Estonian culture : a magazine of true merit where the good reader can gather information about Estonian culture : theatre, film and music and the progression of any kind of creative thought = Libellus periodicus praeclarus quo, lector benevole, te certiorem facere potes de cultu civili Estonico, velut de litteris, de arte scaenica, musica, cinematographika itemque de motu ingenii omnis generis
Most Popular Jewish Songs
The cultural study of music : a theoretical and methodological introduction
Masks and shadows
The right to play wrong : qualitative study about group music therapy experience of young musicians dealing with music performance anxiety
The art of teaching music
Just vibrations : the purpose of sounding good
Double role of music criticism : a model of the inner structure of the funding of music
Fleetwood Mac : 40 years of creative chaos
Breaking down barriers : teaching to learn and learning to teach in a music conservatory's outreach program
From the Italian girl to cabaret : musical humour, parody and burlesque
Warm summer days
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
The Oxford history of western music
The recording engineer's handbook
Music, technology and education : critical perspectives
Journal of historical research in music education
The Penguin dictionary of music
Music and society today
Effects and justification of loudness war in commercial music
In Hip Hop Genius, Sam Seidel introduces an iteration of hip-hop education that goes far beyond the usual approach of studying rap music as classroom content and looks instead at deeply honoring the knowledge of urban students.
The effects of synchronous music on patients undergoing magnetic resonance imaging
Pro Tools puts professional recording and music production software in the hands of anyone with the appropriate hardware and the knowledge to use it. Musician and recording engineer Jeff Strong guides you through the latest version of this complex program, offering twice the content of the official guide at a lower price. Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and getting your music to the masses. •	The latest version of Pro Tools offers a whole range of new possibilities for the recording artist; this soup-to-nuts guide explains everything you need to know to take full advantage of it. •	Written by a professional musician and recording engineer who has authored two previous editions of this book as well as Home Recording For Musicians For Dummies and Drums For Dummies. •	Eight minibooks cover recording basics, getting started with Pro Tools, recording audio, editing audio, managing MIDI, mixing, mastering, and distributing your music. •	Explains how to configure your computer and attach hardware, proper microphone settings, steps for getting your music to sound the way you want, tips on putting your tracks together professionally, and much more.
Analyzing influences : research on decision making and the music education curriculum
Creative Arts Tanzania : A Development Plan for Art in Tanzania's Music and Creative Arts Sector
Musical creativities in practice
The tangible in music : the tactile learning of a musical instrument
Everyday music listening : absorption, dissociation and trancing
The enjoyment of music : an introduction to perceptive listening
Spotify for dummies
Interpreting music through movement
Culture club : modern art, rock and roll, and other things your parents warned you about
South Indian music. Book 1
How to appreciate music
Computer music : Helsinki
Musical experiences in learning English as a foreign language
Artistic experimentation in music : an anthology
"The year is 1779, and Carlo Morelli, the most renowned castrato singer in Europe, has been invited as an honored guest to Eszterhaza Palace. With Carlo in Prince Nikolaus Esterhazy's carriage, ride a Prussian spy and one of the most notorious alchemists in the Habsburg Empire. Already at Eszterhaza is Charlotte von Steinbeck, the very proper sister of Prince Nikolaus's mistress. Charlotte has retreated to the countryside to mourn her husband's death. Now, she must overcome the ingrained rules of her society in order to uncover the dangerous secrets lurking within the palace's golden walls. Music, magic, and blackmail mingle in a plot to assassinate the Habsburg Emperor and Empress--a plot that can only be stopped if Carlo and Charlotte can see through the masks worn by everyone they meet"--
What Hi-Fi? : sound and vision :e-lehti
Effects of musical valence on the cognitive processing of lyrics
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1980.
Teen spirits : music and identity in media education
The use of technology in music and education can no longer be described as a recent development. Music learners actively engage with technology in their music making, regardless of the opportunities afforded to them in formal settings. This volume draws together critical perspectives in three overarching areas in which technology is used to support music education: music production; game technology; musical creation, experience and understanding. The fourteen chapters reflect the emerging field of the study of technology in music from a pedagogical perspective. Contributions come not only from music pedagogues but also from musicologists, composers and performers working at the forefront of the domain. The authors examine pedagogical practice in the recording studio, how game technology relates to musical creation and expression, the use of technology to create and assess musical compositions, and how technology can foster learning within the field of Special Educational Needs (SEN). In addition, the use of technology in musical performance is examined, with a particular focus on the current trends and the ways it might be reshaped for use within performance practice.
Musical masterpieces in poetry
Wii-bändi : designing an expressive digital musical interface for therapeutic use with disabled people in a group setting
Cue weighting and task processing in melodic classification
Detailed analysis of methods and attitudes of illegal music downloading and copyright infringement
EMR : empirical musicology review
Music and learner autonomy in the EFL classroom
Musically induced ASMR : an amalgamated experience
Artist management for the music business
Feature selection for classification of music according to expressed emotion
A Coney Island of the mind
Music Central 97 [cd-rom]
Encyclopedia of music in Canada = Encyclopédie de la musique au Canada
Meaning of countertransference in a music therapy student's clinical studies - towards a professional perspective
The Oxford handbook of children's musical cultures
The effect of music performance anxiety, context, modality and observers' music expertise on judgment of musical performances
The art of record production : an introductory reader for a new academic field
Case Study: Local Music Marketing in the digital age
Creating a musically expressive performance : a study of vocalists' use of emotions in performance preparation
The Hamlyn Illustrated Encyclopedia of Music
The moon and the sun
Music lovers encyclopedia
Songs in Go for it!3- text- and workbooks
Dance music manual : tools, toys and techniques
Music and the myth of wholeness : toward a new aesthetic paradigm
Musicians and the Internet
Designing an interface concept of an online music store for modern mobile devices : Case Poimuri
iPod & iTunes for dummies
The end of early music : a period performer ́s history of music for the twenty-first century
Musical creativity : multidisciplinary research in theory and practice
Game sound : an introduction to the history, theory, and practice of video game music and sound design
A survey of the traditions of western music by one of the most prominent and provocative musicologists of our time, this book illuminates, through a representative sampling of masterworks, those themes, styles, and currents that give shape and direction to each musical age.
Film, music and induced mixed-emotion
The book examines the key turning points in the history of the Orpheus myth as factors that shaped, and continues to shape, our conceptions of music's powers. From its beginnings in archaic Antiquity to the latest major opera based on it, the story of Orpheus and Eurydice has been used by poets, philosophers, and musicians to express an increasingly complex set of ideas about what music can do. The study follows three threads in the myth's history: changes in form, cultural status, and the resulting visions of the powers of song.
Testing a spectral-based feature set for audio genre classification
La Téléphonie and the universal musical language
"A richly-researched historical fantasy set in a real eighteenth-century Hungarian palace mingles taut political intrigue with a unique romance starring a castrato hero and a widowed noblewoman across rigid class lines"--
Marketing the arts : a fresh approach
3rd International Conference on Music & Emotion : Jyväskylä, June 11-15, 2013, programme, abstracts, proceedings
Music and consciousness : philosophical, psychological, and cultural perspectives
Scott Pilgrim's finest hour
Historical sets, collected editions, and monuments of music : a guide to their contents. Vol. 2, Index
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1983.
Noise music : cognitive psychology, aesthetics and epistemology
An introduction to each of the iPod's onboard applications: connecting to the internet, sending and receiving e-mail, listening to music, watching videos, and synchronizing calendars.  In addition there are hints, tips and suggestions to make the most of the iPod's hidden potential.
Optimal organization of musical playlist for physical exercising
Mortality and music
Individual differences in affective and cognitive processing of musical pitch
The digital musician
The music industry : music in the cloud
Global meditation : authentic music from meditative traditions of the world
Effortless mastery : liberating the master musician within : 1998 seminar at the New York IAJE
Structural and perceptual correlates of the musical peak experiences
The act of musical composition : studies in the creative process
The sense of self of experienced and non-experienced music therapists in musical improvisation : an interpretative phenomenological analysis
Two studies investigating the value of DJing for contemporary music education
Challenging equal temperament : perceived differences between twelve-tone equal temperament and twelve fifth-tones tuning
Self-report measurement of segmentation, mimesis and perceived emotions in acousmatic electroacoustic music
Ancient Voices in Modern Times : Eternal Light - Oulu Early Music Festival Concert
Exploring the perception of expressivity and interaction within musical dyads
Nora Webster : a novel
Acoustic and MIDI orchestration for the contempopary composer : [a practical guide to writing and sequencing for the studio-orchestra]
MIDI Interpreter Software
A treatise of good taste in the art of music
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1982.
Musically-induced emotional peaks
Bad music : the music we love to hate
The effect of tempo of background music on duration of stay and spending in a bar
How music works
The Radio Times music handbook
Brain integrative function driven by musical training during real-world music listening
Sisubeat : the finnzine
The influence of rhythmic and spectro-timbral musical features on gait-related movement
Music and literature in Silver age Russia : Mikhail Kuzmin and Alexander Scriabin
A comprehensive survey of the latest neuroscientific research into the effects of music on the brain * Covers a variety of topics fundamental for music perception, including musical syntax, musical semantics, music and action, music and emotion* Includes general introductory chapters to engage a broad readership, as well as a wealth of detailed research material for experts* Offers the most empirical (and most systematic) work on the topics of neural correlates of musical syntax and musical semantics* Integrates research from different domains (such as music, language, action and emotion both theoretically and empirically, to create a comprehensive theory of music psychology.
Music as discourse : semiotic adventures in romantic music
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1981.
Music in Sweden
Transgression and mundanity : the global extreme metal music scene
Hootch
The sounding symbol : music education in action
Musical gestures : sound, movement, and meaning
A study into the neural processing of natural music in the brains of musicians and non-musicians by means of magnetoencephalography
Hearing in time : psychological aspects of musical meter
The digital songstream : mastering the world of digital music
Advances in social-psychology and music education research
Embodied music cognition and mediation technology
The communicative processes of musicians engaged in synchronous play
Building on the insights of the first volume on Music and Gesture (Gritten & King 2006), the rationale for this sequel volume is twofold: first, to clarify the way in which the subject is continuing to take shape by highlighting both central and developing trends, as well as popular and less frequent areas of investigation; second, to provide alternative and complementary insights into the particular areas of the subject articulated in the first volume. The thirteen chapters are structured in a broad narrative trajectory moving from theory to practice, embracing Western and non-Western practices, real and virtual gestures, live and recorded performances, physical and acoustic gestures, visual and auditory perception, among other themes of topical interest. The main areas of enquiry include psychobiology; perception and cognition; philosophy and semiotics; conducting; and, ensemble work and solo piano playing. The volume is intended to promote and stimulate further research in "Musical Gesture Studies".
'Between two worlds' : comparisons and explorations in oriental and western music cultures
Music therapy in Parkinson's disease
Branding and Visual Identity for a Music-Themed Cafe
Music with the under-fours
The Nivkh people of Sakhalin and their music : my Nivkh journey
"An enthralling collection of nonfiction essays on a myriad of topics--from art and artists to dreams, myths, and memories--observed in #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman's probing, amusing, and distinctive style. An inquisitive observer, thoughtful commentator, and assiduous craftsman, Neil Gaiman has long been celebrated for the sharp intellect and startling imagination that informs his bestselling fiction. Now, The View from the Cheap Seats brings together for the first time ever more than sixty pieces of his outstanding nonfiction. Analytical yet playful, erudite yet accessible, this cornucopia explores a broad range of interests and topics, including (but not limited to): authors past and present; music; storytelling; comics; bookshops; travel; fairy tales; America; inspiration; libraries; ghosts; and the title piece, at turns touching and self-deprecating, which recounts the author's experiences at the 2010 Academy Awards in Hollywood. Insightful, incisive, witty, and wise, The View from the Cheap Seats explores the issues and subjects that matter most to Neil Gaiman--offering a glimpse into the head and heart of one of the most acclaimed, beloved, and influential artists of our time"--
Structural factors in preschool children's emotional expression in music
The use of irony in music is just beginning to be defined and critiqued, although it has been used, implied and decried by composers, performers, listeners and critics for centuries. Irony in popular music is especially worthy of study because it is pervasive, even fundamental to the music, the business of making music and the politics of messaging. Contributors to this collection address a variety of musical ironies found in the 'notes themselves,' in the text or subtext, and through performance, reception and criticism. The chapters explore the linkages between irony and the comic, the tragic, the remembered, the forgotten, the co-opted, and the resistant. From the nineteenth to twenty-first centuries, through America, Europe and Asia, this provocative range of ironies course through issues of race, religion, class, the political left and right, country, punk, hip hop, folk, rock, easy listening, opera and the technologies that make possible our pop music experience. This interdisciplinary volume creates new methodologies and applies existing theories of irony to musical works that have made a cultural or political impact through the use of this most multifaceted of devices.
Classroom application of using visual stimuli in teaching and learning dynamics and pitch
MIRtoolbox : version 1.6.1
Echoes : rock'n'roll magazine
Play it again : an amateur against the impossible
Searching for the universal subconscius : study on music and emotion
Guide to unconventional computing for music
The concise Oxford dictionary of music
Kodály today : a cognitive approach to elementary music education
Music in mood regulation in adolescence : an initial exploration of the Singapore context
Melodic structure and inner self in clinical improvisation
Cover song identification using compression-based distance measures
The Oxford dictionary of music
Composing for the Cinema : the theory and praxis of music in film
Web marketing for the music business
A study of the cognitive-affective response to music
Choosing to listen : how personality is connected to the listening and use of self-chosen music in everyday life
From demo to delivery : the process of production
New perspectives on music and gesture
Music and revolution : cultural change in socialist Cuba
My emotions expressed by music
Recording tips for engineers : for cleaner, brighter tracks
Music adviser : emotion-driven music recommendation ecosystem
This is the sound of irony : music, politics and popular culture
This is a compendium of perspectives on children and their musical engagements as singers, dancers, players, and avid listeners. Contributors from around the world and a diverse array of disciplines provide an interdisciplinary enquiry into the musical lives of children in a variety of cultures, and their role as both preservers and innovators of music.
Applying sound art research in modern electronic music production : glitch, loop, plunderphonics and sound collage as tools of production
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1984.
The complete book of classical music
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
The rhythm of thought : art, literature, and music after Merleau-Ponty
Music : the illustrated guide to music around the world from its origins to the present day
Pro Fide live at the Cathedral Crypt in Helsinki
The evidence of death and dying has been removed from the everyday lives of most Westerners. Yet we constantly live with the awareness of our vulnerability as mortals. Drawing on a range of genres, bands and artists, Mortality and Music examines the ways in which popular music has responded to our awareness of the inevitability of death and the anxiety it can evoke. Exploring bereavement, depression, suicide, violence, gore, and fans' responses to the deaths of musicians, it argues for the social and cultural significance of popular music's treatment of mortality and the apparent absurdity of existence.
In the age of digital music it seems striking that so many of us still want to produce music concretely with our bodies, through the movement of our limbs, lungs and fingers, in contact with those materials and objects which are capable of producing sounds. The huge sales figures of musical instruments in the global market, and the amount of time and effort people of all ages invest in mastering the tools of music, make it clear that playing musical instruments is an important phenomenon in human life. By combining the findings made in music psychology and performative ethnomusicology, Marko Aho shows how playing a musical instrument, and the pleasure musicians get from it, emerges from an intimate dialogue between the personally felt body and the sounding instrument. An introduction to the general aspects of the tactile resources of musical instruments, musical style and the musician is followed by an analysis of the learning process of the regional kantele style of the Perho river valley in Finnish Central Ostrobothnia.
Scott Pilgrim gets it together
Learning from young children : research in early childhood music
Punk aesthetics and new folk : way down the old plank road
The New Oxford History of Music. Vol. 4, The age of humanism 1540 - 1630
Music for early learning : songs and musical activities to support children̕ s development
Issues in music teaching
Scott Pilgrim and the infinite sadness
Writings on Music, 1965-2000
The view from the cheap seats : a collection of introductions, essays, and assorted writings
Developing the musician : contemporary perspectives on teaching and learning
International journal of music education
Race music : black cultures from bebop to hip-hop
Tibet : the last voices from Himalaya : on the 5th decade of the Dalai Lama's exile
Cortical processing of musical pitch as reflected by behavioural and electrophysiological evidence
Mexican indigenous music as a communicative system
The effect of prior information on musical preference rating : how our musical preference is shaped by prior information in an online environment
Brain and body percussion : the relationship between motor and cognitive functions
Music mind games
Sound on sound
Bulletin of the International Kodaly Society
The meaning of music
Scott Pilgrim vs. the world
Taking your iPod touch to the max
Tina Turner : Private Dancer
The Orpheus myth and the powers of music
Joanna Newsom, Will Oldham (a.k.a 'Bonnie Prince Billy'), and Devendra Banhart are perhaps the best known of a generation of independent artists who use elements of folk music in contexts that are far from traditional. These (and other) so called "new folk" artists challenge our notions of 'finished product' through their recordings, intrinsically guided by practices and rhetoric inherited from punk. This book traces a fractured trajectory that includes Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Bob Dylan, psych-folk of the sixties (from Vashti Bunyan to The Incredible String Band), and lo-fi and outsider recordings (from Captain Beefheart and The Residents to Jandek and Daniel Johnston) to contextualise the first substantial consideration of new folk. In the process, Encarnacao reviews the literature on folk and punk to argue that tropes of authenticity, though constructions, carry considerable power in the creation and reception of recorded works. New approaches to music require new analytical tools, and through the analysis of some 50 albums, Encarnacao introduces the categories of labyrinth, immersive and montage forms. This book makes a compelling argument for a reconsideration of popular music history that highlights the eternal compulsion for spontaneous, imperfect and performative recorded artefacts.
A choreographer's handbook
Speech recall and word recognition depending on prosodic and musical cues as well as voice pitch
Music as a trigger for craving : exploring the phenomenon and possible music therapy approaches from a client and music therapist perspective
Renaissance and baroque music : a comprehensive survey
The Musical Experience : Rethinking Music Teaching and Learning
Finnish Music Quarterly
Music bingo
While the divide between capitalism and communism, embodied in the image of the Iron Curtain, seemed to be as wide and definitive as any cultural rift, Giles Scott-Smith, Joes Segal, and Peter Romijn have compiled a selection of essays on how culture contributed to the blurring of ideological boundaries between the East and the West. This important and diverse volume presents fascinating insights into the tensions, rivalries, and occasional cooperation between the two blocs, with essays that represent the cutting edge of Cold War Studies and analyze aesthetic preferences and cultural phenomena as various as interior design in East and West Germany; the Soviet stance on genetics; US cultural diplomacy during and after the Cold War; and the role of popular music as the universal cultural ambassador.An illuminating and wide-ranging survey of interrelated collective dreams from both sides of the Iron Curtain, Divided Dreamworlds? has a place on the bookshelf of any modern historian.
Computer music : Espoo
The New Oxford History of Music. Vol. 3, Ars Nova and the Renaissance 1300 - 1540
The optimal musical pause : the effects of expectancies, musical training, and personality
The music of European nationalism : cultural identity and modern history
Perceived differences between natural and convolution reverberation types in 5.0 surround sound
Music, language, and the brain
Living blues : Espoo
Music to my ear : reflections on music and digressions on metaphysics
Different moment, different tune : how emotional perception of music changes with the time of day
The international cyclopedia of music and musicians
An introduction to music technology
Perception of basic emotions in clinical improvisations : an experimental study
Lift up your hands : Popular songs in sign language
Indian music and the west
In what ways does listening to music shape everyday perception? Is music particularly effective in promoting shifts in consciousness? Is there any difference perceptually between contemplating one's surroundings and experiencing a work of art? "Everyday Music Listening" is the first book to focus in-depth on the detailed nature of music listening episodes as lived mental experiences. Ruth Herbert uses new empirical data to explore the psychological processes involved in everyday music listening scenarios, charting interactions between music, perceiver and environment in a diverse range of real-world contexts. Findings are integrated with insights from a broad range of literature, including consciousness studies and research into altered states of consciousness, as well as ideas from ethnology and evolutionary psychology suggesting that a psychobiological capacity for trancing is linked to the origins of making and receiving of art. The term 'trance' is not generally associated with music listening outside ethnomusicological studies of strong experiences; yet 'hypnotic-like' involvements in daily life have long been recognized by hypnotherapy researchers. The author argues that multiply distributed attention - prevalent in much contemporary listening-does not necessarily indicate superficial engagement. Music emerges as a particularly effective mediator of experience. Absorption and dissociation, as manifestations of trancing, are self-regulatory processes, often operating at the level of unconscious awareness, that support an individual perception of psychological health. This fascinating study brings together research and theory from a wide range of fields to provide a new framework for understanding the phenomenology of music listening in a way that will appeal to both specialist academic audiences and a broad general readership.
Singing and wellbeing : Ancient wisdom, modern proof
Regulating pre-performance psychobiosocial states with music
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1979.
The national music of the world
INTERNATIONAL MUSIC GUIDE 1985.
Pro Tools all-in-one for dummies
Hungarian music news
