http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18084 homiletics
homiletics
How to preach without notes
Preaching and preachers
Words to God, word from God : the psalms in the prayer and preaching of the church
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 18, Expositions of the Psalms 73-98
The cross stands, while the world turns : homilies for the cycles of the year
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 19, Expositions of the Psalms (Enarrationes in psalmos) 99-120
Broken words : reflections on the craft of preaching
Introduction to Christian worship
Setting words on fire : putting God at the center of the sermon
The preacher : 1574
AfricaPraying : a handbook on HIV-AIDS sensitive sermon guidelines and liturgy
For a long time it was thought that there were no Middle Dutch sermons dating from the thirteenth century. It was only after J.P. Gumbert had redated the manuscript from The Hague containing the Limburg Sermons that its contents could be assigned to that century. Most of the "Limburg Sermons" appear to be translations of the "Middle High German Sankt Georgener Predigten". But sixteen of these texts are known only in Middle Dutch, and among these is to be found material drawn from the works of Hadewijch and Beatrijs van Nazareth. Thus the "Limburg Sermons" emerge to take their place in the famous tradition of Brabantine mysticism.
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 20, Expositions of the Psalms (Enarrationes in psalmos) 121-150
The Old English homily : precedent, practice, and appropriation
Preaching liberation ; James H. Harris
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 14, Homilies on the first epistle of John : (Tractatus in epistolam Joannis ad Parthos)
What does a theologian say to young preachers in the early 1930s, at the dawn of the Third Reich? What Karl Barth did say, how he said it, and why he said it at that time and place are the subject of Angela Dienhart Hancock's book. This is the story of how a preaching classroom became a place of resistance in Germany in 1932-33 -- a story that has not been told in its fullness. In that emergency situation, Barth took his students back to the fundamental questions about what preaching is and what it is for, returning again and again to the affirmation of the Godness of God, the only ground of resistance to ideological captivity. No other text has so interpreted Barth's "Exercises in Sermon Preparation" in relation to their theological, political, ecclesiastical, academic, and rhetorical context. - Publisher.
Performance in preaching : bringing the sermon to life
Homilies on the life of Christ
Vital ministry issues : examining concerns and conflicts in ministry
Rhetoric and rhythm in Byzantium : the sound of persuasion
Dialogical preaching : Bakhtin, otherness and homiletics
What do they hear? : bridging the gap between pulpit & pew
Hali meidenhad : an alliterative homily of the thirteenth century
Old English homilies of the twelfth century.. 2. ser
Subversive obedience : truth-telling and the art of preaching
The evangelical rhetoric of Ramon Llull : lay learning and piety in the Christian West around 1300
Pitfalls in preaching
Preaching to a multi-generational assembly
Liturgical preaching : contemporary essays
Liberation preaching : the pulpit and the oppressed
A history of preaching
Conversations with Barth on preaching
The renewed homiletic
Speaking God's words : a practical theology of preaching
Old English homilies and homiletic treatises : (Sawles warde, and Pe wohunge of Ure Lauerd: Ureisuns of Ure Louerd and of Ure Lefdi, &c.) of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries. Ser 1
Finally comes the poet : daring speech for proclamation
Preaching the Atonement
Preaching to a post-everything world : crafting Biblical sermons that connect with our culture
The homiletic writings of Archbishop Wulfstan : a critical study
The liturgical homilies of Narsai
The pastoral Luther : essays on Martin Luther's practical theology
Cyril of Jerusalem
A relevant word : communicating the Gospel to seekers
Best advice for preaching
Preaching with all our souls : a study in hermeneutics and psychological type
Black preaching : the recovery of a powerful art
Transforming Preaching is a basic text for all those approaching the ministry of preaching for the first time. David Heywood roots preaching in a clear understanding of the nature and authority of the word of God; explains how people listen, learn and grow in the Christian life and provides clear guidelines on how to construct a sermon. The reader is also challenged to think beyond the traditional monologue approach to preaching and the book includes a guide to the principles involved in interactive preaching. This new title in the SPCK Library of Ministry series provides a firm foundation on which to grow and develop the reader's preaching skills and will also serve as a useful refresher for those who want to reflect on their ministry.
Theology for preaching : authority, truth, and knowledge of God in a postmodern ethos
The medieval church
A homily on the passion of Christ attributed to Elishe
Modern questions about medieval sermons : essays on marriage, death, history and sanctity
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Books, Volume 17, Expositions of the Psalms 51-72
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Sermons, Volume 8, Sermons 273-305A : on the saints
Preaching and the personal
Karl Barth's emergency homiletic, 1932-1933 : a summons to prophetic witness at the dawn of the third Reich
A Gothic sermon : making a contract with the Mother of God, Saint Mary of Amiens
The preacher King : Martin Luther King, Jr. and the word that moved America
Byzantine hymnography for the Feast of the Entrance of the Theotokos : an intermedial approach
The preacher : 1656
What shall we say? : evil, suffering, and the crisis of faith
Narrative preaching : theory and praxis of a new way of preaching
From prophecy to preaching : a search for the origins of the Christian homily
Homiletic : moves and structures
Proclaiming the Gospel : first-century performance of Mark
The empowered communicator : 7 keys to unlocking an audience
The new interpreter's handbook of preaching
Alive to the word : a practical theology of preaching for the whole church
Teaching preaching as a Christian practice : a new approach to homiletical pedagogy
"Rooted in a clear understanding of the indispensable authority of God's word, Transforming Preaching provides a wealth of practical wisdom and advice for anyone approaching the task of preaching for the first time. It also serves as a useful refresher for all who want to increase the effectiveness of their preaching ministry. Basing his advice on the latest research into the way people listen, learn and grow in the Christian life, David Heywood looks at ways of constructing and delivering more successful sermons, while also providing a stimulating guide to the principles and benefits of interactive preaching." --Publisher's description.
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Sermons, Volume 9, Sermons 306-340A : on the saints
The Limburg sermons : preaching in the medieval Low Countries at the turn of the fourteenth century
The reading and preaching of the Scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Volume 7, Our own time
Changing lives through preaching and worship : 30 strategies for powerful communication
Exploring and proclaiming the Apostles' Creed
De ore Domini : preacher and word in the Middle Ages
"Preaching as a Carnivalesque Dialogue – between the 'Wholly Other' and 'Other-Wise' Listeners" explores the genre of preaching in light of theories of dialogicity and carnivalization developed by Mikhail Bakhtin. The Bakhtinian approach to preaching evokes ways in which historical acts and embodied experiences are transcribed in literary genres. The theories of carnivalization manifest the dynamic, other-oriented, interaction between reflexive texts and embodied acts. Experiences of otherness and difference play a central role in human communication as well as in theological descriptions of the relationship between God and humans. One of the central aims of this book is to explore ways in which 'others', different from the designated preacher, influence contemporary preaching practices and in that sense can be seen as co-authors. As material for this investigation the book provides analyses of four theologians who have contributed significantly to contemporary homiletical developments, namely those of the American homileticians Charles Campbell, John S. McClure, and James H. Harris and the Danish Systematic Theologian, Svend Bjerg. The homiletical analyses lead to the thesis, that the dialogical encounter between author, and addressees, analyzer and analyzed, is one of the conditions of interpretation and communication rather than a disturbance. The communication theoretical and practical theological analyses are discussed in light of Kierkegaard's, Barth's and Jüngel's emphasis on the 'qualitative difference' between God and humans. These concluding reflections suggest ways in which inter-human otherness can function as a dynamically conjoining rather than mutually exclusive difference between God as the 'Wholly Other' and 'other-wise' humans.
Sharper than a two-edged sword : preaching, teaching, and living the Bible
The pastor-evangelist in worship
The open-air pulpit within the precincts of St. Paul's Cathedral known as 'Paul's Cross' can be reckoned among the most influential of all public venues in early-modern England. Between 1520 and the early 1640s, this pulpit and its auditory constituted a microcosm of the realm and functioned at the epicentre of events which radically transformed England's political and religious identities. Through cultivation of a sophisticated culture of persuasion, sermons at Paul's Cross contributed substantially to the emergence of an early-modern public sphere. This collection of 24 essays seeks to situate the institution of this most public of pulpits and to reconstruct a detailed history of some of the more influential sermons preached at Paul's Cross during this formative period. Contributors include: Thomas Dabbs, Ellie Gebarowski-Shafer, Cecilia Hatt, Roze Hentschell, Anne James, Gerard Kilroy, John N. King, Torrance Kirby, Bradford Littlejohn, Steven May, Natalie Mears, Mary Morrissey, David Neelands, Kathleen O'Leary, Mark Rankin, Angela Ranson, Richard Rex, John Schofield, Jeanne Shami, P.G. Stanwood, Susan Wabuda, John Wall, Ralph Werrell, and Jason Zuidema.
Communicate with power : insights from America's top communicators
Preaching and pastoral care
Preaching the memory of virtue and vice : memory, images, and preaching in the late Middles Ages
Getting into character : the art of first-person narrative preaching
Christian language in the secular city
The epistemic power of metaphor: a rhetorical model for homiletics
Preaching to postmoderns : new perspectives for proclaiming the message
Preaching : an essential guide
A reader on preaching : making connections
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 16, Expositions of the Psalms 33-50
Preaching the Gospel without easy answers
Finding the plot : preaching in a narrative style
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 15, Expositions of the Psalms 1-32
Proclaiming God's word today : preaching concerns in the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of North and South America
Paul's Cross and culture of persuasion in England, 1520-1640
Thinking about preaching
The person in the pulpit : preaching as caring
The future of preaching
Concise encyclopedia of preaching
As one without authority
Preaching & teaching with imagination : the quest for biblical ministry
Feasting on the Word : preaching the revised common lectionary. Year B, Volume 2, Lent through Eastertide
Preaching in an age of globalization
The Oxford handbook of the early modern sermon
Strategies for preaching Paul
The homilies of Proclus are a valuable source for the christological issues of the fifth century and formed an important basis for the subsequent formulation of the orthodox faith at Chalcedon in 451, yet they have not received as much attention as the works of Cyril of Alexandria. For the first time in English the twenty-seven homilies of Proclus that deal with the life of Christ are presented.
Care-full preaching : from sermon to caring community
Homilies on Joshua
Speaking the truth : preaching in a pluralistic culture
The folly of preaching : models and methods
A captive voice : the liberation of preaching
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Sermons, Volume 11, Sermons discovered since 1990
"Strategies for Preaching Paul provides preachers with three strategies for preaching the Pauline readings in the Sunday Lectionary for Mass during Ordinary Time. The first shows preachers how to make use of the historical and literary background to the text. The second shows them how to interpret the text within its wider literary context. The final strategy suggests the important theological themes that should be preached".
Proclaiming the Gospel : preaching for the life of the church
Preaching? : simple teaching on simply preaching
Redemptive transformation in practical theology : essays in honor of James E. Loder, Jr
The Dean and his God : John Donne's concept of the Divine
"Rhetoric and Rhythm in Byzantium takes a fresh look at rhetorical rhythm and its theory and practice, highlighting the close affinity between rhythm and argument. Based on material from Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic homilies and from Byzantine rhetorical commentaries, the book redefines and expands our understanding of both Byzantine and Old Church Slavonic prose rhythm. It positions rhetorical rhythm at the intersection of prose and poetry and explores its role in argumentation and persuasion, suggesting that rhetorical rhythm can carry across linguistic boundaries, and in general aims to demonstrate the stylistic and argumentative importance of rhythm in rhetorical practice. Along the way, it challenges the entrenched separation between content and style and emphasizes the role of rhythm as a tool of invention and a means of creating shared emotional experience"--
Preaching as testimony
The reading and preaching of the scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Vol. 1, The biblical period
Transforming preaching : the sermon as a channel for God's word
Preaching like a woman
We have heard that God is with you : preaching the Old Testament
Before the king's majesty : Lancelot Andrewes and his writings
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Homilies, Volume 12, Homilies on the Gospel of John 1-40
On the preparation and delivery of sermons
Homiletics
Speculum sermonis : interdisciplinary reflections on the medieval sermon
Mastering contemporary preaching
Cadences of home : preaching among exiles
The reading and preaching of the scriptures in the worship of the Christian church. Vol. 2, The ancient church
The works of Saint Augustine : a translation for the 21st century. Part III, Sermons, Volume 10, Sermons 341-400 : on liturgical seasons
Once upon a gospel : inspiring homilies and insightful reflections
Preaching
Preaching and the Personal' is a collection of papers that have been presented at the Society of Biblical Literature in sessions sponsored by the Homiletics and Biblical Studies section. The Homiletics and Biblical Studies section encourages dialogue among scholars in both fields who share an interest in critical exegesis, its various methods, and the unique hermeneutical and theological problems inherent to the relationship between biblical interpretation and proclamation. The concept for this book began with the panel discussion ''Preaching and the Personal: Prophecy, Witness and Testimony'' at the 2010 meeting in Atlanta. Each paper explores various ways the personal can be found in the biblical text, in the preacher, and in the congregation.
Pastoral counseling and preaching : a quest for integrated ministry
Preaching words : 144 key terms in homiletics
Celebrating the word : homilies for the Sundays of the year, cycles A, B, and C, with introductions on the nature of the liturgical homily, its preparation, and its delivery
