http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18062 cannibalism
cannibalism
Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way-except their craving for human flesh. Ken Kaneki is an ordinary college student until a violent encounter turns him into the first half-human half-ghoul hybrid. Trapped between two worlds, he must survive Ghoul turf wars, learn more about Ghoul society and master his new powers. Six months after their Aogiri Tree Operation, the CCG continues their investigation of the Gourmet and the Binge Eater. Kaneki and his colleagues search for Rize's true identity brings them face-to-face with the mysterious Madame A.
Alive : the story of the Andes survivors
Ashes
Cannibalism in the animal kingdom
The Texas chain saw massacre : 2-disc ultimate collector's edition
From the enemy's point of view : humanity and divinity in an Amazonian society
Sorties into hell : the hidden war on Chichi Jima
Body trade : captivity, cannibalism and colonialism in the Pacific
Chew. Vol. 2 : International flavor
Chew. Vol. 1 : Taster's choice
The newly awakened Kaneki unleashes his monstrous strength to protect his friend Touka and finds himself irrevocably changed. Kaneki sets out on his own, determined to find out the truth behind what's happening to him--and what the Aogiri Tree organization actually is.
The Savages
Sweeney Todd : Fleet Streetin paholaisparturi
An intellectual history of cannibalism
The collectors of lost souls : turning Kuru scientists into whitemen
The abominable mr. Seabrook
Eat thy neighbour : a history of cannibalism
The Texas chain saw massacre : 2 disc special edition
The blood sacrifice complex
Dexter is delicious
Tokyo Ghoul. 6
Ilongot headhunting 1883-1974 : a study in society and history
Survival of the dead
Subversive pleasures : Bakhtin, cultural criticism, and film
We are what we are
Origins of sacrifice : a study in comparative religion
The colony
Nahan = Call to arms
A perverse history of the human heart
Famished
Tokyo Ghoul. 3
Wanting
Tokyo Ghoul. 1
Split second
The nature of human aggression
Cannibal old me : spoken sources in Melville's early works
Flesh and blood : a history of the cannibal complex
Cannibal democracy : race and representation in the literature of the Americas
Eat Me : a natural and unnatural history of cannibalism
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children
Cannibalism and the colonial world
Cannibal talk : the man-eating myth and human sacrifice in the South Seas
Food : a history
Scarlet memorial : tales of cannibalism in modern China
"Cannibalism. It's the last, greatest taboo: the stuff of urban legends and ancient myths, airline crashes and Captain Cook. But while we might get a thrill at the thought of the black widow spider's gruesome mating habits or the tragic fate of the nineteenth-century Donner Party pioneers, today cannibalism belongs to history - or, at the very least, the realm of the weird, the rare and the very far away. Doesn't it? Here, zoologist Bill Schutt digs his teeth into the subject to find an answer that is as surprising as it is unsettling. From the plot of Psycho to the ritual of the Eucharist, cannibalism is woven into our history, our culture - even our medicine. And in the natural world, eating your own kind is everything from a survival strategy - practised by polar bears and hamsters alike - to an evolutionary adaption like that found in sand tiger sharks, who, by the time they are born, will have eaten all but one of their siblings in the womb. Dark, fascinating and endlessly curious, Eat Me delves into human and animal cannibalism to find a story of colonialism, religion, anthropology, dinosaurs, ancient humans and modern consequences, from the terrible 'laughing death' disease kuru to the BSE crisis. And - of course - our intrepid author tries it out for himself."
Doghouse
Cannibal writes : eating others in Caribbean and Indian Ocean women's writing
Cannibalism in China
Fresh meat
Spoiling the cannibals' fun? : cannibalism and cannibalisation in culture and elsewhere
Hans Staden's true history : an account of cannibal captivity in Brazil
Man corn : cannibalism and violence in the Prehistoric American Southwest
Scenes of the apple : food and the female body in nineteenth- and twentieth-century women's writing
Cannibal fictions : American explorations of colonialism, race, gender and sexuality
We are all cannibals and other essays
Cannibalism in the Dynastic histories
In the early twentieth century, travel writing represented the desire for the expanding bourgeoisie to experience the exotic cultures of the world past their immediate surroundings. Journalist William Buehler Seabrook was emblematic of this trend – participating in voodoo ceremonies, riding camels cross the Sahara desert, communing with cannibals and most notably, popularizing the term “zombie” in the West. A string of his bestselling books show an engaged, sympathetic gentleman hoping to share these strange, hidden delights with the rest of the world. He was willing to go deeper than any outsider had before. But, of course, there was a dark side. Seabrook was a barely functioning alcoholic who was deeply obsessed with bondage and the so-called mystical properties of pain and degradation. His life was a series of traveling highs and drunken lows; climbing on and falling off the wagon again and again. What led the popular and vivid writer to such a sad state?
Kaneki is captured and then tortured by Yamori, one of Aogiri Tree organization's most sadistic members. To survive the interrogation, Kaneki will have to finally surrender to the Ghoul inside him, but if he does, it will change him permanently and push him even further away from being human.
Tokyo Ghoul. 5
Psychological anthropology
Miss Peregrine's home for peculiar children : the graphic novel
Terror at sea : true tales of shipwrecks, cannibalism, pirates, fire at sea, and other dire disasters in the 18th & 19th centuries
The man-eating myth : anthropology & anthropophagy
Cannibalims in cockerels and pheasants
The ethnography of cannibalism
"Postcolonial and diaspora studies scholars and critics have paid increasing attention to the use of metaphors of food, eating, digestion, and various affiliated actions such as loss of appetite, indigestion, and regurgitation. As such stylistic devices proliferated in the works of non-Western women writers, scholars connected metaphors of eating and consumption to colonial and imperial domination. In Cannibal Writes, Njeri Githire concentrates on the gendered and sexualized dimensions of these visceral metaphors of consumption in works by women writers from Haiti, Jamaica, Mauritius, and elsewhere. Employing theoretical analysis and insightful readings of English- and French-language texts, she explores the prominence of alimentary-related tropes and their relationship to sexual consumption, writing, global geopolitics and economic dynamics, and migration. As she shows, the use of cannibalism in particular as a central motif opens up privileged modes for mediating historical and sociopolitical issues. Ambitiously comparative, Cannibal Writes ranges across the works of well-known and lesser known writers to tie together two geographic and cultural spaces that have much in common but are seldom studied in parallel"--
I think I'll eat your heart : posthuman queerness in Hannibal
Frank Lestringant is one of the foremost authorities on European encounters with the New World. This book is a fascinating account of the existence of New World cannibalism and the images it conjured up for Europeans from the Renaissance to the nineteenth century. Drawing on previously unavailable sources, Lestringant describes how European voyagers, divines and missionaries encountered the cannibalistic cultures and represented them in their journals and writings. Mapping the origins and evolution of the word 'cannibal', Lestringant describes the symbolic uses of cannibalism by authors, political theorists and theologians. In a wide-ranging discussion he surveys the myth and the reality of the cannibal, and explores the deployment of the image in European literature and legend. Lestringant argues that sixteenth-century travellers and writers turned the figure of the man-eating savage of the Americas into a positive figure, a hero who devoured his defeated enemy in accordance with custom and not in order to satisfy some cruel instinct. Two centuries later the philosophers of the Enlightenment used the figure of the cannibal in their fight against the colonialists and Catholics. But the positive image of the cannibal suffered a reversal at the end of the eighteenth century, becoming a hateful figure and arousing the primitivist dreams of Sade and Flaubert. Written in a lively and accessible style, this engaging book will be welcomed by students and researchers in a wide range of discipines - early modern history, European literature, anthropology and religious studies - as well as anyone interested in the history of cannibalism.
On the bone
The fifth sun : Aztec gods, Aztec world
Cannibalism. It's the last, greatest taboo: the stuff of urban legends and ancient myths, airline crashes and Captain Cook. Today cannibalism belongs to history - or, at the very least, the realm of the weird, the rare and the very far away. Bill Schutt digs his teeth into the subject to find an answer that is as surprising as it is unsettling.
Resurrecting Cannibals : the Catholic Church, Witch-hunts, and the production of pagans in Western Uganda
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 3
Night of the living dead
Season to taste, or, how to eat your husband
As a weasel sucks eggs : an essay on melancholy and cannibalism
Empire islands : castaways, cannibals, and fantasies of conquest
Examines the role of the cannibal in the arguments of philosophers, from the classical period to modern disputes about such wide-ranging issues as vegetarianism and the right to private property. This title shows how the cannibal is, before anything else, a theoretical creature, one whose fate sheds light on the decline of theories of natural law.
Tokyo ghoul. 7
Tokyo ghoul. 8
The inferior
Black house
Cannibals : the discovery and representation of the cannibal from Columbus to Jules Verne
Tokyo Ghoul. 4
Cannibalism and conflict in Formica ants
Lord of darkness
Tokyo Ghoul. 2
Bones and all
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Cannibalism : from sacrifice to survival
The position of women in primitive societies, and other essays in social anthropology
Eat me: a natural and unnatural history of cannibalism
Ghouls live among us, the same as normal people in every way... except their craving for human flesh.
Prehistoric cannibalism at Mancos 5MTUMR-2346
The republic of wine : a novel
Taming cannibals : race and the Victorians
Evolutionary ecology of Arctic char (Salvelinus alpinus (L.)) : intra- and interspecific interactions in circumpolar populations
Tokyo ghoul. 9
Tokyo ghoul. 10
Tales of the peculiar
Chew : the omnivore edition. Vol. 4
The cannibal within
Kin recognition and avoidance of kin cannibalism in the wolf spider Hygrolycosa rubrofasciata
Cannibal holocaust
Divine hunger : cannibalism as a cultural system
Cannibalism in laying hens : characteristics of individual hens and effects of perches during rearing
