http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p180 Latin American popular music
Latin American popular music
Latin : Eb, alto saxophone, baritone saxophone : Improvise with..
Salsa masters : the best of today's new style Salsa music - greatest hits of English Salsa
More classic albums
Latin dreams
World beat rhythms : Beyond the drum circle. Brazil
South America, take it away! : 24 latin hits
The best of Latin music
Further on the way
Play timbales now : the basics & beyond
Lif Up Yuh Leg An Trample : The Soca Train from Port of Spain
Authentic bongo rhythms
The Latin-American fiddler : for violin and piano with optional violin accompaniment, easy violin and guitar
The romantic sound of Xavier Cugat & his orchestra
Brothers Of Brazil
Acoustic
Latin playground
I'm fine, how are you?
The best of Latin standards
Hang on little tomato
The unheard Xavier Cugat : From trancriptions discs 1936-1937 and radio broadcasts 1934-1935
A thousand nights and a night. 1 : Red night
Embrace the chaos
Mongo Explodes : Watermelon Man
Salsa! : the rhythm of Latin music
Popular musics of the non-western world : An introductory survey
London is the place for me : Trinidadian calypso in London, 1950-1956
Guitar indigo latin [CD] : Besame mucho
Afro Latin beat
Calypso breakaway 1927 - 1941
The Latin American songbook
Young, gifted & brown : Joe's sweetest soul singin'
Sound loaded
Mambo! : Xavier Cugat and his Orchestra, volume 2
Latin playground : Putumayo kids presents
La nueva coleccion de musica latina = The new latin music collection
Caribbean beat. Vol. V
The rough guide to latino nuevo
Fania Records 1964 - 1980 : the original sound of latin New York
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 3.
Party in space
Latin : Improvise with today's top artists! : C Bass Clef
Saffron and soul ; Shuckin' and jivin'
Buster's Spanish rocket ship
Purest of pain
Breakin' out
Sergio Mendes presents Lobo
Frente Cumbiero meets Mad Professor
Sparromania! : wit, wisdom and soul from the king of calypso 1960-1976
The soul of Spanish Harlem : beautiful soul music from the heart of New York's Spanish Harlem
A retrospective
Sympathique
Celebration
California soul : rare funk, jazz & latin groove from the West Coast 1965-1981
AUTHENTIC CONGA RHYTHMS
Tito Puente's drumming with the Mambo King
Rose and charcoal
High priest of mi minor : Knockdown calypsos
Guitar Method
Bassic Instinct No3 : Listen to the sound of stereo deluxe
Working the inner clock for drumset
Best in latin music
Brazilian music for acoustic guitar
Master stickfighter in New York!
The very best of Latin America
Favorite latin songs [Nuottijulkaisu] : for all organs, portable keyboards & guitar
The remixes
Latin American Rhythm Instruments
A thousand nights and a night. 2 : Shadow nights
Calypso invasion
Unwrapped
Learn - play bongos with Mr. Bongo
Latin mega hits : 40 sizzling original hits for latin dancing. 2.
Tropical campfires
Latin moods
Riot!
Build up
The real latin piano and the introduction to afro peruvian montunos. Volume 1
The latin real easy book : salsa/afro-cuban, brazilian music, latin jazz
Cuba : your passport to a new world of music
