http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18043 gardeners
gardeners
Green retreats : women, gardens, and eighteenth-century culture
Lancelot Brown changed the face of eighteenth-century England, designing country estates and mansions, moving hills and making flowing lakes and serpentine rivers, a magical world of green. This biography paints a picture of the man, his work, his happy domestic life, and his crowded world.
RHS Chelsea flower show : a centenary celebration
Bees in urban community gardens - local versus landscape determinants
Gardeners, gurus and grubs : the stories of garden inventors and innovations
Dictionary of British and Irish botanists and horticulturists : including plant collectors and botanical artists
Piet Oudolf is a renowned Dutch gardener and landscape designer at the forefront of the New Perennial movement. This volume presents how Oudolf's career has grown in tandem with Hummelo, his personal design and plant-propogation garden and former nursery run by his wife Anja, for over three decades. It provides detailed insight into how his beloved naturalistic aesthetic, based heavily on the use of perennial plants, has continued to develop.
Consider the lily
Plants, people & places : the plant lover's companion
Jasper and the green marvel
A secret garden
Renewable natural resources sector : national core curriculum in agriculture, horticulture, forestry, fishery and other renewable natural resources on the upper secondary level
Hummelo : a journey through a plantsman's life
In the century between the accession of Elizabeth I and the restoration of Charles II, a horticultural revolution took place in England. Packed with illustrations from the herbals, design treatises, and practical manuals that inspired these men - and occasionally women, this book charts how England's garden grew.
The garden of reading : an anthology of twentieth-century short fiction about gardens and gardeners
The orchid thief
The orchardist : a novel
It's no joke being deaf : The autobiography of a man of many skills, but born deaf
The Morville hours
Lives of the great gardeners
Mister Owita's guide to gardening : how I learned the unexpected joy of a green thumb and an open heart
The omnipotent magician : Lancelot 'Capability' Brown, 1716-1783
The making of the English gardener
Seven deadly sins of gardening andd the vices and virtues of gardeners
Throughout history great gardeners have risen from all walks of life. What they all have in common is the ability to take an idea and develop it in a new manner relevant to their times. The book is divided into several sections. 'Gardens of Ideas' moves from the politically allusive gardens of 18th-century England made by men such as William Kent, to Charles Jencks' Scottish garden inspired by 21st-century cosmography. 'Gardens of Straight Lines' explores the lives of the great formalist gardeners, from Le Notre at Versailles to the rational English minimalism of contemporary designer Christopher Bradley-Hole. 'Gardens of Curves' begins with that great exponent of the English landscape garden, 'Capability' Brown, and leads to the extraordinary Brazilian designer Roberto Burle Marx. Finally, 'Gardens of Plantsmanship' moves from the father of naturalistic planting, William Robinson, to the sweeping prairies of New York's favourite Dutch designer, Piet Oudolf. With an outstanding text by the award-winning gardens writer Stephen Anderton, this book will appeal to garden lovers everywhere.
Virgins weeders and queens : a history of women in the garden
"Green Retreats presents a lively and beautifully illustrated account of eighteenth-century women in their gardens, in the context of the larger history of their retirement from the world - whether willed or enforced - and of their engagement with the literature of gardening. Beginning with a survey of cultural representations of the woman in the garden, Stephen Bending goes on to tell the stories, through their letters, diaries and journals, of some extraordinary eighteenth-century women including Elizabeth Montagu and the Bluestocking circle, the gardening neighbours Lady Caroline Holland and Lady Mary Coke, and Henrietta Knight, Lady Luxborough, renowned for her scandalous withdrawal from the social world. The emphasis on how gardens were used, as well as designed, allows the reader to rethink the place of women in the eighteenth century, and understand what was at stake for those who stepped beyond the flower garden and created their own landscapes"--Provided by publisher.
The Saint Zita Society
