http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18092 outdoor advertising
outdoor advertising
Marketing across cultures
Marketing aspects of international business
How to write great copy : learn the unwritten rules of copywriting
New retail
How changed consumer behaviour affects the use of digital signage in outdoor advertising
Global marketing : foreign entry, local marketing and global marketing
Contemporary advertising and integrated marketing communications
Advertising outdoors watch this space!
Advertising strategy : creative tactics from the outside/in
Includes a glossary of advertising terms.
Essentials of marketing communications
Effects of roadside advertisements on road safety
Impacts of Outdoor Advertising in St. Petersburg: Affectivity and visibility of mobile phone billboards
There are several different ways of advertising. Advertising can be divided in at least 3 major categories - yet each one of these three categories can be divided to their own sub-categories. The most effective form of advertising is considered to be outdoor advertising because of its visibility. It is extremely hard to avoid outdoor advertising because it can be located anywhere and therefore it gives an opportunity to reach more consumers than by any other form of advertising. It has been criticized though that billboards decrease, for example, traffic safety. The aim of this thesis was to find out attitudes towards outdoor advertising and especially billboards among the people living in St. Petersburg. The aim was also to figure out whether billboards affect on their buying behavior in the mobile phone markets and which mobile phone brand is considered to be the most visible billboard advertiser. In order to get valid research results, it was important that the research was made in St. Petersburg as quantitative study with the help of a questionnaire. Results show that the attitudes towards outdoor advertising in fact are not negative. Billboards are considered to be a good form of advertising, yet they are not affecting on buying behaviour in the mobile phone market. It is also believed that billboards are not decreasing traffic safety, but they might devaluate integrity of, for example, sacred destinations such as churches.
Contemporary Euromarketing : entry and operational decision making
Marketing to China : one billion new customers
Critique of commodity aesthetics : appearance, sexuality and advertising in capitalist society
Advertising is dead : long live advertising
Outdoor advertising in the eyes of companies : companies' experiences and opinions about outdoor advertising
Global marketing and advertising : understanding cultural paradoxes
Political communication and social theory
Advertising outdoors : Watch this space!
Expectations and the food industry : the impact of color and appearance
Guerrilla advertising : unconventional brand communication
Doing business abroad : how to start trading successfully in international markets
European marketing data and statistics 2001.
Marketing for Dummies
International marketing
Baltic media book. 2000.
CityInfo Boards : a new marketing communications tool
Outdoor advertising ...for hotels and motels : when, where, why, how
Advertising : principles & practice
Customer relationship marketing
Foundations of marketing
The unwritten rules of copywriting : a guide to better press, poster, TV, radio and Web site advertising
1. Advertising and the marketing function. 2. Types of advertising. 3. The advertising agency. 4. Advertising media: above-the-line. 5. Advertising media: below-the-line. 6. Sales promotion. 7. Sponsorship. 8. Direct mail. 9. Direct response marketing. 10. Exhibitions. 11. Copywriting. 12. Layout and typography. 13. Printing processes. 14. Public relations. 15. Advertising on the Internet. 16. Corporate advertising. 17. Advertising research. 18. Law and ethics of advertising. 19. Planning and executing an advertising campaign.
Study abroad : perspectives and experiences from business schools
Guerrilla advertising 2 : more unconventional brand communications
International marketing : strategy, planning, market entry and implementation
Advertising is dead : long live advertising!
Billboard : Art on the road
Kanban : the art of the Japanese shop design
Advances in international marketing. Vol. 7(1996), Marketing in Asia Pacific and beyond
Persuasive advertising : evidence-based principles
Marketing Oulu Polytechnic ́́s degree programme in international business to foreign students
The art of self invention : image and identity in popular visual culture
Advertising today
Effectiveness evaluation of outdoor advertising campaign : the case study of IKEA Kuopio
The One Show : advertising's best print, radio, television and innovative media
Sex in public : women, outdoor advertising and public policy
International marketing : strategy planning, market entry & implementation
Selling to India's consumer market
Street graphics Tokyo
The little blue book of advertising : fifty-two small ideas that can make a big difference
Times of the signs : communication and information: a visual analysis of new urban spaces
