http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18022 political philosophy
political philosophy
The public interest
Nietzsche and the north
Between philosophy and politics : the alienation of political theory
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2003, vol. 7.
Power and politics in poststructuralist thought : new theories of the political
Individualism and political disorder
The myth of the strong leader : political leadership in modern politics
Selected writings in sociology & social philosophy
What is populism?
Current controversies in political philosophy
Political philosophy and time : Plato and the origins of political vision
The roots of American loyalty
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2000, vol. 4.
A philosophy of concrete life : Carl Schmitt and the political thought of late modernity
Aquinas : selected political writings
The political philosophy of Michel Foucault
Literature and the political imagination
Multitude in motion : re-readings on the political philosophy of Thomas Hobbes
Is Rancière anarchist? : an approach to Rancière's political thought
An analysis of the concept of citizenship : legal, political and social dimensions
Toleration, neutrality, and democracy
Women in political theory
A history of women's political thought in Europe, 1400-1700
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1997.
The essays collected in this book address legislation from the viewpoint of legal theory and provide an overview of current research in legisprudence as a new scholarly approach to lawmaking. The overall focus of the volume is on the justification of legislation, with a special emphasis on the intricate notion of legislative rationality. With the rational justification of legislation as their central theme, the essays elaborate on the foundations and bounds of legislation and the search for a more principled lawmaking, discuss the role of legislation within the framework of democratic constitutionalism, analyze legislation as implementation of constitutional law, and explore how legislative argumentation in parliament can be construed as a source of justification of laws.
Problems of political philosophy
Paul Ricoeur : the promise and risk of politics
European political thought since 1945
Democracy's edges
Wild materialism : the ethic of terror and the modern republic
Political philosophy: a history of the search for order
Equality, moral incentives, and the market : an essay in utopian politico-economic theory
Agamben and politics : a critical introduction
Nomos : yearbook of the American Society for Political and Legal Philosophy
Rethinking obligation : a feminist method for political theory
The social contract
Advice for the sultan : prophetic voices and secular politics in medieval Islam
Routledge international handbook of contemporary social and political theory
The just society
The end of power : from boardrooms to battlefields and churches to states, why being in charge isn't what it used to be
Readings in social and political philosophy
Lectures on Kant's political philosophy
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2002, vol. 6.
The political thought of Hannah Arendt
Writings on the Empire : Defensor minor and De translatione Imperii
Social contract : essays by Locke, Hume, and Rousseau
The labyrinth of politics : a conceptual approach to the modes of the political in the Scottish enlightenment
Power : a new social analysis
Political philosophy
A genealogy of sovereignty
Landmarks revisited : the Vekhi symposium 100 years on
Aspects of political theory : classical concepts in an age of relativism
Bruno Latour : reassembling the political
Economic and philosophic manuscripts of 1844
Unity and diversity in knowledge society : epistemology and philosophy of sciences & ethics, social and political philosophy & economic theories and practices
Anarchism and its aspirations
Citizenship : the history of an idea
The birth of biopolitics : lectures at the Collège de France, 1978-1979
Political writings
Social science and political theory
Political philosophies
Liberalism, citizenship and autonomy
A history of political philosophy
Philosophy, politics and society : (second series)
States and mind : reflections on their interaction in history
"ACSM's Health/Fitness Facility Standards and Guidelines" presents the current standards and guidelines that help health and fitness establishments provide high-quality service and programme offerings in a safe environment. This fourth edition includes new standards and guidelines for pre-activity screening, orientation, education and supervision. A key benefit to the new edition is that it will assist health and fitness facility managers, owners and staff in keeping to a standard of operation, client care and service that will assist members and users in caring for their health through safe and appropriate exercise experiences.
The self and the political order
Philosophy for militants
Anarchism and other essays
Between past and future : Six Exercises in Political Thought
Exceptions, Distinctions, and Processes of Identification : The 'Concrete Thought' of Carl Schmitt and US Neoconservatism as Seen through Readings of Kenneth Burke and Jacques Derrida
Terror was central to the Nazi regime, and the Nazi concentration camps were places of horror where prisoners were dehumanized and robbed of their dignity and where millions were murdered. How did prisoners cope with the brutal and degrading conditions of life within the camps? In this highly original book Maja Suderland takes the reader inside the concentration camps and examines the everyday social life of prisoners - their daily activities and routines, the social relationships and networks they created and the strategies they developed to cope with the harsh conditions and the brutality of the guards. Without overlooking the violence of the camps, the contradictions of camp life or the elusive complexity of the multicultural prisoner society, Suderland explores the hidden social practices that enabled prisoners to preserve their human dignity and create a sense of individuality and community despite the appalling circumstances. This remarkable account of social life in extreme conditions will be of great interest to students and scholars in history, sociology and the social sciences generally, as well as to a wider readership interested in the Holocaust and the concentration camps.
The Routledge companion to nineteenth century philosophy
The idea of political theory : reflections on the self in political time and space
Morals and politics : theories of their relation from Hobbes and Spinoza to Marx and Bosanquet
The idea of the public sphere : a reader
A theory of political obligation : membership, commitment, and the bonds of society
In Advice for the Sultan Neguin Yavari excavates multiple, conflicting strands of Islamic political thought from the medieval past to the present, reassessing these ideas and their impact over the longue duree. Her aim is to revise our understanding of the relation- ship between modern history and the current master narratives of both Western and Islamic histories of political thought. She does this by re-examinating Islamic advice literature, bringing it to life in novel ways. Yavari argues that if read laterally and closely, it promotes secular values such as reason and moderation as the most effective safeguard against political instability and divine rebuke. Related questions raised in this book include, can Islamic political thought be folded into the discipline of intellectual history? How do we write the history of political thought when its end-product is not seen as the march of a manifest destiny, or progressive secularisation, or the promotion of liberal values, such as is the case with the Islamic world today? Is it possible to read texts for context if the values adumbrated in them do not take hold in society, or to study those that produce political communities that differ radically from those that emerged in eighteenth- and the nineteenth-century Europe?
"Right of death and power over life" : an analysis of Michel Foucault's conceptions of power and violence
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 2001, vol. 5.
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1999, vol. 3.
Averroes on Plato's republic
The nineteenth century is a period of stunning philosophical originality, characterised by radical engagement with the emerging human sciences. Often overshadowed by twentieth century philosophy which sought to reject some of its central tenets, the philosophers of the nineteenth century have re-emerged as profoundly important figures. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is an outstanding survey and assessment of the century as a whole. Divided into seven parts and including thirty chapters written by leading international scholars, the Companion examines and assesses the central topics, themes, and philosophers of the nineteenth century, presenting the first comprehensive picture of the period in a single volume: * German Idealism * philosophy as political action, including young Hegelians, Marx and Tocqueville * philosophy and subjectivity, including Schopenhauer, Kierkegaard and Nietzsche * scientific naturalism, including Darwinism, philosophy of race, experimental psychology and Neo-Kantianism * utilitarianism and British Idealism * American Idealism and Pragmatism * new directions in Mind and Logic, including Brentano, Frege and Husserl. The Routledge Companion to Nineteenth Century Philosophy is essential reading for students of philosophy, and for anyone interested in this period in related disciplines such as politics, history, literature and religion.
Nation-states : consciousness and competition
Fifty major political thinkers
A history of the political philosophers
Friedrich Nietzsche and the politics of transfiguration
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. 2012/2013, vol. 16
Liberal democracy and its critics : perspectives in contemporary political thought
Redescriptions : political thought, conceptual history and feminist theory. Vol. 19.1
Hume's moral and political philosophy
Finnish yearbook of political thought. 1998, vol. 2.
The law of the common
Crossing the borders of justice : a philosophical study of climate change, justice and environment
Hatred of democracy
Cambridge translations of Renaissance philosophical texts. Vol. 2, Political philosophy
The conquest of bread
The triangular relationship between the social, the political and the cultural has opened up social and political theory to new challenges. The social can no longer be reduced to the category of society, and the political extends beyond the traditional concerns of the nature of the state and political authority. This Handbook will address a range of issues that have recently emerged from the disciplines of social and political theory, focusing on key themes as opposed to schools of thought or major theorists. It is divided into three sections which address: the most influential theoretical traditions that have emerged from the legacy of the twentieth century the most important new and emerging frameworks of analysis today the major theoretical problems in recent social and political theory. The Routledge International Handbook of Contemporary Social and Political Theory encompasses the most up-to-date developments in contemporary social and political theory, and as such is an essential research tool for both undergraduate and postgraduate students, as well as researchers, working in the fields of political theory, social and political philosophy, contemporary social theory, and cultural theory.
Power, Paidea & Pythagoreanism : Greek identity, conceptions of the relationship between philosophers and monarchs and political ideas in Philostratus' Life of Apollonius
Man and the state : modern political ideas
World without violence
Inside concentration camps : social life at the extremes
The quality of freedom
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history. 2004, vol. 8
Complications : communism and the dilemmas of democracy
Dissensus : on politics and aesthetics
Philosophy as cultural politics
What is to be done (with critical legal theory)?
Hans Kelsen's Defence of Democracy
A political philosophy
A history of political theory
Conservative texts : an anthology
The rationality and justification of legislation : essays in legisprudence
The political testament of Cardinal Richelieu
Time: now! : peace through faith in widest freedom : the political ideas of Salvador de Madariaga.... : his efforts to educate, lead and "save" mankind
The constitution of the polis
Dispersing and Re-Configuring Sovereignty
The urgency of theory
Redescriptions : yearbook of political thought and conceptual history
The political animal : biology, ethics and politics
Peter Laslett and the contested concept of political philosophy
Justice and interpretation
A new paradigm of the African state : fundi wa Afrika
Liberty : Its Definition, Value and Measurement
The rebel
Maxims and reflections (Ricordi)
Science, logic, and political action
