http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1803 SARS
SARS severe acute respiratory syndrome
An epidemic of rumors : how stories shape our perception of disease
The social construction of SARS : studies of a health communication crisis
A literature review of trust and reputation management in communicable disease public health : insights into health communication
Murderous contagion : a human history of disease
"In An Epidemic of Rumors, Jon D. Lee examines the human response to epidemics through the lens of the 2003 SARS epidemic. Societies usually respond to the eruption of disease by constructing stories, jokes, conspiracy theories, legends, and rumors, but these narratives are often more damaging than the diseases they reference. The information disseminated through them is often inaccurate, incorporating xenophobic explanations of the disease's origins and questionable medical information about potential cures and treatment. Folklore studies brings important and useful perspectives to understanding cultural responses to the outbreak of disease. Through this etiological study Lee shows the similarities between the narratives of the SARS outbreak and the narratives of other contemporary disease outbreaks like AIDS and the H1N1 virus. His analysis suggests that these disease narratives do not spring up with new outbreaks or diseases but are in continuous circulation and are recycled opportunistically. Lee also explores whether this predictability of vernacular disease narratives presents the opportunity to create counter-narratives released systematically from the government or medical science to stymie the negative effects of the fearful rumors that so often inflame humanity. With potential for practical application to public health and health policy, An Epidemic of Rumors will be of interest to students and scholars of health, medicine, and folklore"--
Expert Consultation on Community-based Veterinary Public Health Systems : [Rome, 27-28 October 2003]
The nidoviruses : toward control of SARS and other nidovirus diseases
SARS : how a global epidemic was stopped
SARS and human rights in a postmodern context : a case study of Toronto
Pandemics : what everyone needs to know /.
Internet discourse and health debates
SARS prevention campaign and the limits of media mobilization
The lighthouse
Abstract.
Migration and health in Asia
SARS in China : prelude to pandemic?
The world health report 2003 : shaping the future
The biology of emerging viruses : SARS, avian and human influenza, metapneumovirus, Nipah, West Nile, and Ross River virus
Tourism, security and safety : from theory to practice
When disease makes history : epidemics and great historical turning points
Twenty-first century plague : the story of SARS
Coronavirus replication and reverse genetics
Fourth futures forum of high-level decision-makers : tools for decision-making in public health, Brussels, Belgium, 16-17 June 2003.
Tourism development : issues for a vulnerable industry
Population dynamics and infectious diseases in Asia
Crisis motivation through human resource functions adjustment : case study: SARS in Novotel Xinhua Wuhan
Chinese law on SARS
Tourism in turbulent times : towards safe experiences for visitors
Narrative research in health and illness
Vietnam : a guide to economic and political developments
SARS coronavirus : the role of accessory proteins and nitric oxide in the replication cycle
SARS : clinical trials on treatment using a combination of traditional Chinese medicine and Western medicine
Emerging infections : an atlas of investigation and management
