http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18079 postponement
postponement
Still procrastinating? : the no-regrets guide to getting it done
The now habit : a strategic program for overcoming procrastination and enjoying guilt-free play
Construction project time management in Iran
Wait : the art and science of delay
The drop
Postponement in fashion retailing : a case study of H&M
End procrastination now! : Get it done with a proven psychological approach
Postponing births : comparing reasons among women in St Petersburg, Estonia and Finland
The procrastinator's handbook : mastering the art of doing it now
The drop : a novel
"In this book, the author provides an understanding of why some people habitually, compulsively, and chronically delay the start or completion of tasks to the point that they become upset and worried about meeting the deadline. Many of the procrastination books currently available focus on time-management techniques, but Dr. Ferrari, a procrastination expert and media personality, believes these books just scratch the surface of the issue. In this book, he shares more than two decades of research on the causes and consequences of chronic procrastination"--Provided by publisher.
"Still Procrastinating? is based on science - not opinion or popular misconceptions about procrastination- and these results are written in an engaging way in order to help readers understand the problem and find solutions. Ferrari shows that for many men and women chronic procrastination is not about poor time management, but about self-sabotaging tendencies which handicap them from reaching their full potential. Procrastination is a learned behavior, so it can be unlearned, too. Preface Chapter 1: Everyone Procrastinates, But NOT Every One is a Procrastinator Chapter 2: "I'm Better Under Pressure" : The Arousal Procrastinator Myth Chapter 3: Indecision: Decisional Procrastination Chapter 4: Why Self-regulation Fails: How You're Your Own Worst Enemy Chapter 5: Perfection is Pure Fiction Chapter 6: Technology: Making It Easier to Procrastinate? Chapter 7: Why the Time of Day Matters to Procrastinators Chapter 8: The RRR of Procrastination: Reactance, Revenge, and Regret Chapter 9: Social Support: Getting By With A Little Help From My Friends? Chapter 10: Academic Procrastination: Why Students Delay, and What it Means for the Rest of Their Lives Chapter 11: Procrastination at Work Chapter 12: Procrastination and Personality Styles Epilogue References"--Provided by publisher.
