http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18055 genealogy
genealogy
Performing the author/mother/merchant/wife: moving subject positions in Minna Canth's autobiography
The Uralic-Yukaghir lexical correspondences : genetic inheritance, language contact or chance resemblance?
The Tolstoys : genealogy and origin
"I was a woman who was not a woman" : power and gendered speech in Scarpetta and the Scarpetta Factor
Jotailan jutut : family bulletin
Heartwishes : an edilean novel
Handbook for doing Finnish American family history
Gender differences in the occurrence, prognosis and risk factor control of cardiovascular disease
Familial forms : politics and genealogy in seventeenth-century English literature
The Glass castle : a memoir
Ugly girls on stage : Riot Grrrl reflected through misrepresentations
Epidemiological study on trends and characteristics of suicide among children and adolescents in Finland
The author describes how his family was haunted by the disappearance of six relatives during the Holocaust and how he embarked on a determined search to find the remaining eyewitnesses to his lost ancestors' fates.
Gender for sale : advertising design as technologies of gender
How to trace your ancestors using a computer for the older generation
Theoretical perspectives on gender and development
The Nazi ancestral proof : genealogy, racial science, and the final solution
Gender, identity and representation in video games : an elective discourse-oriented course for Finnish EFL upper secondary school students
Studies in Athenian politics and genealogy
Genealogy for the first time : research your family history
The Windsors : a dynasty revealed
This unique work is the first comprehensive genealogical chart of virtually all of the named figures of Greek mythology that can be shown to be related. The product of more than 35 years of research, the book includes a 72-page continuous chart that links 3,673 named figures into a single "family tree" spanning 20 generations and an 80-page index that provides a citation to an authoritative ancient source for each relationship.
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Family ties
Mystery of mothers on the labour market : comparison of the differences in labour market participation of married mothers with small children in Germany and Finland during the 1990's
The weight of images : affect, body image and fat in the media
A modern royal marriage : Prince William of Wales &​ Catherine Middleton
The family of Petter Hällström. 9, The history of Petter Hällström's family
Tracing your family tree : in England, Scotland and Wales : discover your roots ans explore your family's history
The Konradiner : a study in genealogical methodology
Glencoe and the Indians : a real-life-family saga which spans two continents, several centuries and more than thirty generations to link Scotland's clans with the native peoples of the American West
Finnish genealogical research
Huset Glücksborgs slægtstavle = Genealogical table of the House of Glücksborg
Journeys in time
Tutkimus Jolman suvusta = The Jolma family : a genealogical research
Gendering the militarisation of war on terrorism : discourses and representations of masculinities and femininities
Is it really gender? : an empirical investigation into gender effects in technology adoption through the examination of individual differences
The Palgrave handbook of childhood studies
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
The mistress's daughter
The monsters of Templeton
From Latterbach to Oitti : a genealogical survey of Simmental cheesemaker immigrants to Russia and Finland, 1814-1848
Edith Södergran's Modern Virgin : Overcoming Nietzsche and the Gendered Narrator
Young People as a Customer Segment for Travel Agency Services
Gendering citizenship in Western Europe : new challenges for citizenship research in a cross-national context
The Tchaikovsky handbook : a guide to the man and his music. Vol. 2, Catalogue of letters; genealogy; bibliography
'I won't have time to be lonely,' Lisa snapped. 'I have a career to think of.' : empowerment and agency in Sushi for Beginners and The Other Side of the Story by Marian Keyes
International Genealogical Index 1988
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Paths from socioemotional behavior in middle childhood to personality in middle adulthood
Indifferent Gender Preferences among Childless Beijing Citizens
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
The golden book of India : a genealogical and biographical dictionary of the ruling princes, chiefs, nobles, and other personages, titled or decorated of the Indian empire
Womanly wiles : an analysis of women's power in four novels by Jane Austen
Choreography of touches, glances and movements between hosts and assistans on television
About the self and the time : on the autobiographical texts by É. Gerštejn, T. Petkevič, E. Bonnèr, M. Pliseckaja and M. Arbatova
A genealogical chart of Greek mythology : comprising 3,673 named figures of Greek mythology, all related to each other within a single family of 20 generations
The search for ancestors : a Swedish-American family saga
The age of the mutations in the Finnish disease heritage : a genealogical and linkage disequilibrium study
Is Coeducation An Untouchable Dogma? : Breaking Ground in the Introduction of Single-Sex Education
Spanish in a week
Gender, nation, narration : critical readings of cultural phenomena
Changing uses in the genealogical research in Finland
Teisko ancestry
Politicising parenthood in Scandinavia : gender relations in welfare states
Changes of the prevalence of adolescent mental problems during the last decade (2003-2013)
The Kennedys
How to trace your family history on the Internet
Discrimination against men : appearance and causes in the context of a modern welfare state
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics:causal inference from observational studies
Genealogy as a complementary approach method in search for susceptibility genes for migraine
Linguistic survival strategies in Geoffrey Chaucer's Clerk's tale, William Shakespeare's Othello and Elizabeth Cary's The tragedy of Mariam
Feminine empowerment in Cathy Kelly's romance novels Never too late, Someone like you, Just between us
Hunger, consumption, and identity in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels
The counts of Falkenstein : noble self-consciousness in twelfth-century Germany
Broken lines : genealogical literature in late-medieval Britain and France
International genealogical index : Sweden
Rantsilan Linnan suku 1777-1994 = The family of Linna in Rantsila 1777-1994
Land use rights and gender in Ovamboland, North- Central Namibia, since the 1930s
Sexually transmitted diseases : knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Children's media barometer 2010 : the use of media among 0-8-year-olds in Finland : an English summary of the original Finnish report
Life's turning points and generational consciousness
Castrén-suku 2012 = Släkten Castrén = The Castrén family tree
The empire : the rise of the house of Wallenberg
Tracing your Swedish ancestry
Creating intergenerational contact between Oulunkylä English Kindergarten and Kustaankartano Centre for the Elderly
Epidemiological applications of quantitative serum NMR metabolomics : causal inference from observational studies
The Niilo Tuoma Ylihurula Konstenius family in picture
For all time : a complete guide to writing your family history
Släktkrönika för Lijnwäfware Erich Sundbergs släktförening = Family chronicle for descendents of Lijnwäfware Erich Sundberg
Genealogy across the boundaries : immigrant family history and genealogical research : some observations
This Discussion Paper explores the debates, theoretical perspectives and current trends in gender, conflict and post-conflict reconstruction, and security sector reform (SSR) in Africa. It provides a broad overview of and critical insights into the gender-conflict-security nexus, capturing the trends in the discourses, identifying the gaps in the literature and prioritising issues and areas for future research. This Discussion Paper is essential reading for all those with a deep interest in gender, peace, development and security in Africa, particularly gender scholars, students, activists and practitioners.
Performing ethnicity, performing gender : transcultural perspectives
Sourcebook for Jewish genealogies and family histories
Explore your family's past
This collection of essays investigates elements of the human voice and performance, and their implications for gender and sexuality. The chapters address affect, pleasure, and memory in the enjoyment of musical and theatrical performance. Rosenberg also examines contemporary feminist performance, anti-racist interventions, activist aesthetics, and political agency especially with regard to feminist and queer interpretations of opera and theatre. She contextualizes her work within broader developments in gender and queer studies, and within the feminist movement by highlighting important contributions of artists who draw from the above to create performance. The book will be welcomed by opera and theatre lovers, students, academics, and the wider public that is interested in the performing arts and its queer feminist potential.
Role of Wnt4 signaling in mammalian sex determination, ovariogenesis and female sex duct differentiation
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Gender and security in Africa : an Overview
Caribbean journeys : intersections of female identity in the novels of Michelle Cliff
The ABC of gender equality in education : aptitude, behaviour, confidence
Discovering your family history
The power dance in research interview. Manifesting power and powerless
”Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff”. Masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Looking to the family
Kesäsestä maailmalle : Anders Wikströmin jälkeläisiä 8 sukupolvea = From Kesänen all over the world : 8 generations of Anders Wikström's descendants / Hannu Rouhu
The Medici
Luce Irigaray's philosophy of feminine being : body, desire and wisdom
The game educator's handbook : revised international edition
From women to gender : a diachronic exploration of participant representation in texts from the United Nations
Släktkrönika för Lijnwäfware Erich Sundbergs släktförening 2010 = Family chronicle for descendants of lijnwäfware Erich Sundberg 2010
Photography as family ritual : visual narratives in a Finnish family photo album
Find info like a pro. Volume 1, Mining the Internet's publicly available resources for investigative research
The 1693 census of the Swedes on the Delaware : family stories of the Swedish Lutheran Church members residing in Pennsylvania, Delaware, West New Jersey & Cecil County, Md. 1638-1693
Representations of changing masculinities in two novels by Tony Parsons
Native American DNA : tribal belonging and the false promise of genetic science
The global politics of celebrity humanitarianism
Roots in Sweden : the genealogist's guide to the Swedish archives
Tracing your aristocratic ancestors : a guide for family historians
Calendar of the fine rolls of the reign of Henry III : preserved in The National Archives
Gender identity as constructed in The Diary of Anaïs Nin of 1931-1934
The genealogist's Internet : the essential guide to researching your family history online
Gender in call centre work
The lost : a search for six of six million
Don't be quiet, start a riot! : essays on feminism and performance
Becoming valuable selves : self-promotion, gender and individuality in late capitalism
Oxford companion to family and local history
Finding our fathers : a guidebook to Jewish genealogy
Family history of Rundman, USA (1968)
Religion : the basics
The research presented in this volume is very recent, and the general approach is that of rethinking popular musicology: its purpose, its aims, and its methods. Contributors to the volume were asked to write something original and, at the same time, to provide an instructive example of a particular way of working and thinking. The essays have been written with a view to helping graduate students with research methodology and the application of relevant theoretical models. The team of contributors is an exceptionally strong one: it contains many of the pre-eminent academic figures involved in popular musicological research, and there is a spread of European, American, Asian, and Australasian scholars. The volume covers seven main themes: Film, Video and Multimedia; Technology and Studio Production; Gender and Sexuality; Identity and Ethnicity; Performance and Gesture; and, Reception and Scenes and The Music Industry and Globalization. "The Ashgate Research Companion" is designed to offer scholars and graduate students a comprehensive and authoritative state-of-the-art review of current research in a particular area. The companion's editor brings together a team of respected and experienced experts to write chapters on the key issues in their speciality, providing a comprehensive reference to the field.
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
How to respond to the needs of working parents has become a pressing social policy issue in contemporary Western Europe. This book highlights the politicising of parenthood in the Scandinavian welfare states - focusing on the relationship between parents and the state, and the ongoing renegotiations between the public and the private. Drawing on new empirical research, leading Scandinavian academics provide an up-to-date record and critical synthesis of Nordic work-family reforms since the 1990s. A broad range of policies targeting working parents is examined including: the expansion of childcare services as a social right; parental leave; cash benefits for childcare; and working hours regulations. The book also explores policy discourses, scrutinises outcomes, and highlights the similarities and differences between Nordic countries through analysis of comparative statistical data and national case studies. Set in the context of economic restructuring and the growing influence of neo-liberal ideology, each chapter addresses concerns about the impact of policies on the gender relations of parenthood. "Politicising Parenthood in Scandinavia" is a timely contribution to ongoing policy debates on welfare state models, parenthood and gender equality. It will be of particular interest to students and teachers of welfare studies, family policy and gender studies.
Tracing your seafaring ancestors : a guide to maritime photographs for family historians
The rise and fall of the house of Windsor
The Oxford dictionary of local and family history
Heraldry : past to present
Internal entrepreneurship – a Trojan horse of the neoliberal governance of education? : Finnish pre- and in-service teachers' implementation of and resistance towards entrepreneurship education
Summary.
Google  your family tree : unlock the hidden power of Google
Introduction
A Vietnamese family chronicle : twelve generations on the banks of the Hat River
The organizing of family associations in Finland before and after 1977
A long journey : a documentary novel of a family̕ s history
In agrarian economies arable land is the most important form of property and productive resource, so that access to land defines the political and social status of a member of society. This paper examines changes in property and particularly land use rights in North-Central Namibia, paying special reference to gender inequality in access to land. The problem is approached by exploring the coping strategies of widowed and divorced persons after the dissolution of their marriage. Where property rights and gender inequality have traditionally been investigated on the basis of administrative records, survey data or oral information, this paper approaches such problems from a new perspective, through life histories of the Christian population transcribed from parish registers of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia. Linking of the parish register data to anthropological, ethnographic, socio-economic and cultural information markedly widens our scope for discussing rights over communal lands. The paper shows that remarriage was a real solution for many widows and divorced women in the 1930s and 1940s if they were at the best childbearing age. A dramatic decrease in the remarriage rate occurred from the mid-1950s onwards, however, which was related to socio-economic changes in society.
Son preference, leading to skewed sex ratios at birth, is an important feature of contemporary Chinese demography, as well as being a critical policy issue. Using a 2006 representative survey, this article explores preferences for boys and girls among childless young adults in a district of Beijing who have a stated one child as their ideal number of children (though they may be eligible to bear more). The descriptive analysis finds no evidence of son-preference; rather an overall indifference to gender. A multivariate analysis provides some indicative evidence of indifference regarding predictors of desiring a girl, a boy or either. gs.
Gendered citizenship in Sudan : competing perceptions of women's civil rights within the family laws among northern and southern elites in Khartoum
Representations of Finnishness in Sweden
This is a collectively written, inter-disciplinary, thematic cross-national study which combines conceptual, theoretical, empirical and policy material in an ambitious and innovative way to explore a key concept in contemporary European political, policy and academic debates. The first part of the book clarifies the various ways that the concept of citizenship has developed historically and is understood today in a range of Western European welfare states. It elaborates on the contemporary framing of debates and struggles around citizenship. This provides a framework for three policy studies, looking at: migration and multiculturalism; the care of young children; and home-based childcare and transnational dynamics. The book is unusual in weaving together the topics of migration and childcare and in studying these issues together within a gendered citizenship framework. It also demonstrates the value of a multi-level conceptualisation of citizenship, stretching from the domestic sphere through the national and European levels to the global. The book is aimed at students of social policy, sociology, European studies, women's studies and politics and at researchers/scholars/policy analysts in the areas of: citizenship; gender; welfare states; and, migration.
"A girl doesn't get a man by being brainy" : aspects of gender in Roald Dahl's Matilda and its Finnish and Swedish translations
International genealogical index (IGI) 1988
Conversation and gender
Tracing your family history
Heraldry : for the local historian and genealogist
The Nyman family of Espoo and Ähtävä
Children's media barometer 2011 : media use among 7-11-year-old children and their experiences on media education : an english summary of the original Finnish report
Generational Transition on a Farm
Abstract: "Big, strong, brave, - all kinds of stuff" : masculinities, power hierarchies, and violence in school.
Gender questions and current challenges for Luther and Reformation studies
The elder and the younger : foreign and autochthonous origin and hierarchy in the Cook Islands
This dissertation is an interdisciplinary study within a comparative Nordic-Germanic framework that proposes new approaches to reading representations of gender in European literary modernism and philosophy via the works of Finland-Swedish poet Edith Södergran and Friedrich Nietzsche. I posit that Södergran's avant-garde poetry presents feminine, masculine, and androgynous narrators that subvert the function of misogyny in Nietzsche's philosophy, which she had fervently read and incorporated into her writing. Surely, Södergran must have faced obstacles as she confronted Nietzsche's ostensible ad feminam; however, her progressive poetry, I contend, illustrates how Nietzsche's own discourse is constructed by androgynous rhetoric that exhibits paradoxically helpful appropriations of the female body. I therefore suggest that Södergran's reception of Nietzsche ushers in a transvaluation of the "modernist body" that overcomes the cultural body of Man and Woman as she opens up philosophical discourse with the feminine other in Nietzsche's otherwise phallocentric discourse. Using a shared framework of post-structural feminist theory, narratology, and poetry criticism, this dissertation attempts to overturn long-standing interpretations of Nietzsche's philosophy and to revise Södergran's mythologized biography and traditional analyses of her poetry. In chapter one, I attempt to separate Edith Södergran from her romanticized biography and refigure the female writing subject in history in a way that de-emphasizes her glorified, personal afflictions and instead elucidates Södergran's creative efforts to redefine gender. In chapter two, I posit that Södergran's lyrical narrator is not an exclusively female subject but a speaker that is multiple: Södergran's narrators are voiced by female, male, and androgynous bodies; which leads to a type of transgendered experience of narration. Chapter three focuses on Nietzsche's representations of women that I suggest influenced Södergran's writing. I attempt to show that Nietzsche's misogyny is actually a latent discussion of the cultural body that has been constructed and maintained by Western caricatures of femininity and masculinity. In chapter four, I examine the paradoxical representations of women in Also Sprach Zarathustra [Thus Spoke Zarathustra]. I look at what Zarathustra's hyper-masculine rhetoric can mean to a female reader who may be seeking ways to demystify essentialist constructions of sexual difference, and I explore the implications that Zarathustra's prophecy of the Übermensch--an advanced, idealistic human being--has for the human body. In the final chapter, I look at the narratological techniques that Södergran and Nietzsche employ in their poetry. Through a combined narratological and feminist approach, I suggest that Södergran and Nietzsche meticulously construct disruptive archetypes of the cultural body via multi-gendered narrative voices. I argue that Nietzsche and Södergran transcend normative narrative devices and introduce unprecedented post-gendered bodies and voices into the European modernist tradition. Their particular depictions of the post-gendered body thus resonate with contemporary theories and philosophical discussions of sex and gender.
The Ashgate research companion to popular musicology
Sexually transmitted diseases: knowledge base and attitudes of young adults in an institute of higher education about sexually transmitted diseases, Finland
Bloodline of the Holy Grail : the hidden lineage of Jesus revealed
A guide to collecting and preserving Finnish American history : a message from the United Fund for Finnish American Archives
The limits of fantasy : a comparative study of the representations of gender, ethnicity and class in the console fantasy role-playing games Lost Odyssey and Final Fantasy XIII
Bloodless genealogies of the French Middle Ages : translatio[n], kinship, and metaphor
Possible subversions : the narrative construction of identity in Agnes Smedley's Daughter of Earth
School differences and inequities in educational outcomes : PISA 2000 results of reading literacy in Finland
International genealogical index : Finland. Turku/Pori, Uusimaa, Vaasa, Viipuri
A family of no prominence : the descendants of Pak Tŏkhwa and the birth of modern Korea
Sex differences in cognitive functions : a study of same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs
International business plan : Martima Ky
Descendants and ancestors of Pasha Saleh Mohsin Al-Athel & relatives
The digital age and local studies
The Finnish success in Pisa - and some reasons behind it : Pisa 2000
Men and women of the forest : livelihood strategies and conservation from a gender perspective in Ranomafana National Park, Madagascar
Udd family history
A greasy-skinned worker : gender, class and work in the 20th-century life story of a female labourer
Abstract: The modern nation and missing genders.
A bishop and his world before the Gregorian reform : Hubert of Angers, 1006-1047
Heartwishes
Text authenticity in international reading literacy assessment : focusing on PISA 2000
Rethinking national literatures and the literary canon in Scandinavia
"A sexist, misogynist dinosaur"? : the changing representations of James Bond's masculinity
Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death worldwide and type 2 diabetes is reaching a global epidemic. Epidemiological studies have identified numerous risk factors and pharmacotherapies in relation to these cardiometabolic diseases. However, the detailed molecular mechanisms of these risk factors and drug therapies generally remain incompletely understood. Elucidating the underlying molecular effects would be essential for better understanding of the disease pathogenesis and also for discovering new therapeutic targets. Quantitative serum metabolomics, which allows for simultaneous quantification of multiple circulating metabolic measures, provides a hypothesis-free approach to systematically inspect the metabolic changes in response to endogenous and exogenous stimuli. Metabolomics thus presents a valuable tool to study the detailed molecular effects of disease risk factors and drug therapies. However, current metabolomics studies are mostly conducted in small cross-sectional studies and the causal relations of the risk factors on the metabolic measures are generally unclear, providing limited public health impact. The present thesis serves as a proof-of-concept to illustrate that well-designed observational studies can be used to infer causality. With the exemplars of assessing molecular effects of two risk factors (body mass index and sex hormone-binding globulin) and two drug therapies (statins and oral contraceptives), the thesis demonstrates that an improved causal inference can be achieved in observational studies via the combination of multiple study designs, including cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomization analysis. This robust study design approach together with metabolomics data can be also extended to study the molecular effects of other risk factors and drug therapies. With an improved molecular understanding of a wide range of risk factors and therapies, better understanding of disease pathogenesis is ensured.
Early Suise Creek immigrants, Kent, Washington
Lanton sukututkimus = The Lantto family : a genealogical research
The politics and policies of reproductive agency
International genealogical index  (IGI) 1984
Pirates on the Alps : a corrected and expanded 2nd edition, illustrated summary of the coming "Lütziger world history" chapters 1-3
Our people : a tight-knit family under the same protective roof : a critical study of gendered conceptual metaphors at work in radical right populism
Conversation analysts have begun to challenge long-cherished assumptions about the relationship between gender and language, asking new questions about the interactional study of gender and providing fresh insights into the ways it may be studied empirically. Drawing on a lively set of audio- and video-recorded materials of real-life interactions, including domestic telephone calls, children's play, mediation sessions, police-suspect interviews, psychiatric assessments and calls to telephone helplines, this volume is the first to showcase the latest thinking and cutting-edge research of an international group of scholars working on topics at the intersection of gender and conversation analysis. Theoretically, it pushes forward the boundaries of our understanding of the relationship between conversation and gender, charting new and exciting territory. Methodologically, it offers readers a clear, practical understanding of how to analyse gender using conversation analysis, by presenting detailed demonstrations of this method in use.
Family memoirs from Venice (15th-17th centuries)
Kenneth Sutherland 3. : Lord Duffus and his arms
Genealogy as a form of mythic discourse : the case of the Phaecians
The secret rooms
