http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18100 disaster psychology
disaster psychology
Trauma psychology : issues in violence, disaster, health, and illness. Vol. 2, Health and illness
Trauma psychology : issues in violence, disaster, health, and illness. Vol. 1, Violence and disaster
When a community weeps : case studies in group survivorship
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 2, Practices and programs
Desolation and enlightenment : political knowledge after total war, totalitarianism, and the Holocaust
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 1, Fundamentals and overview
Collective trauma, collective healing : promoting community resilience in the aftermath of disaster
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 4, Interventions with special needs populations
The rapture
Facing hazards and disasters : understanding human dimensions
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Introduction to international disaster management
Madness in international relations : psychology, security, and the global governance of mental health
The Ashgate research companion to moral panics
Mental health and disasters
Never saw it coming : cultural challenges to envisioning the worst
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Unclaimed experience : trauma, narrative, and history
Nature and madness
A bolt from the blue : coping with disasters and acute traumas
Disaster psychiatry : intervening when nightmares come true
Children and disasters : a practical guide to healing and recovery
"Madness in International Relations provides an important and innovative account of the role of psychology and psychiatry in global politics, showing how mental health governance has become a means of securing various populations, often with questionable effects.Through the analysis of three key case studies Howell illustrates how such therapeutic interventions can at times be coercive and sovereign, at other times disciplinary, and at still other times benevolent, though not benign. In each case a diagnostic competition is traced, that is, a contestation over how best to diagnose and treat the population in question. The book examines the populations of Guantanamo Bay, post-conflict societies and western militaries, identifying how these diagnostic competitions ultimately rest on shared assumptions about the value of psychology and psychiatry in managing global security, about the value of achieving security through mental health governance, and ultimately about the medicalization of security.This work will be of great interest to all scholars of International relations, critical theory and security studies"--Provided by publisher.
Unexpected consequences : why the things we trust fail
A paradise built in hell : the extraordinary communities that arise in disasters
Ecology of fear : Los Angeles and the imagination of disaster
Children during the Nazi reign : psychological perspective on the interview process
Community-based psychological first aid : a practical guide to helping individuals and communities during difficult times
The human contribution : unsafe acts, accidents and heroic recoveries
Handbook of international disaster psychology. Volume 3, Refugee mental health
