http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18108 motor-traffic ways
motor-traffic ways
Potential for greenhouse gas emission reductions by using biomethane as a road transportation fuel
Driving through a road environment : effects on visual perception, state of activation and subjective appraisal
Moottoriajoneuvot 2005 = Motorfordon = Motor vehicles in Finland
Traffic & highway engineering
Influence of transport infrastructure on nature
Driving spaces : a cultural-historical geography of England's M1 Motorway
New road types : summary on test roads in Finland
Crash violence within the road transport system : summary report
The Multiannual Roadmap for the EGVI contractual Public Private Partnership (2014-2020) is the document of reference for the establishment of the European Green Vehicles Initiative. The text is based on the outcome of a consultation process launched in 2012, involving the stakeholders from ERTRAC, EPoSS and SmartGrids, and takes into account the relevant roadmaps prepared by these three European Technology Platforms. The document presents the elements of context calling for the creation of the EGVI PPP, in continuity of the Green Cars Initiative, and explains the long-term vision developed by the industrial sectors involved. The Roadmap also defines the scope of the Initiative, which aims at accelerating research, development and demonstration of technologies allowing the efficient use of clean energies in road transport, and outlines the research and innovation strategy implemented with a view to increasing the energy efficiency of vehicles and alternative powertrains. It describes the governance model of the contractual public private partnership and includes - in annex - the full list of members involved in the European Green Vehicles Initiative Association.
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2001.
Driving Europe : building Europe on roads in the twentieth century
Commercial road vehicles
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Infrastructural urbanism : addressing the In-between
Safety study on level crossing accidents : a shortened version
Traffic emissions in Russia and the Baltic States : St.Petersburg, Leningrad Oblast, Republic of Karelia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
Calculating emissions of a transport network
Creating green roadways : integrating cultural, natural, and visual resources into transportation
Principles of highway engineering and traffic analysis
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2003.
Traffic safety of vulnerable road users in urban areas.
The illustrated science encyclopedia : transport : a journey of discovery that explores how humans have developed ways of travelling on the sea, on land and in the air
COST 331 : requirements for horizontal road marking : final report of the action
The rise and rise of road transport, 1700-1990
[Summary]: Highway no. 3 : from a 'Turku-and-Vyborg' Finland to a 'Helsinki-and-Tampere' Finland.
Detection and traffic : kirjallisuusreferaatti
Kitchin's road transport law 1981 : a summary of the legislation affecting the construction, equipment and use of motor vehicles
European Green Vehicles Initiative : multiannual roadmap for the contractual PPP under horizon 2020
Abstract: Crash violence within the traffic system : risks and their reduction on regional and connecting roads.
Moottoriajoneuvot 2004 = Motor vehicles in Finland
Why does policy change? : lessons from British transport policy 1945-99
Transport and the environment
Vulnerable road users in the Asian and Pacific Region
The effects of motorways on the national economy
Moottoriajoneuvot = Motor vehicles in Finland. 2002.
