http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18114 mouldings
mouldings
Supernosh : 350 dishes with 1500 wines
The Liszts
Top 40 charts : every chart, every week
The waiter
Menus : analysis and planning
British hit singles
Today's special is ..
Menu Design : merchandising and marketing
A cook's tour of Rome
Essential table service : for restaurants
Towards the best A++ rating : productivity of research and teaching in Finnish universities
Catering : for bridal showers and all pre-nuptial parties, weddings, bar mitzvahs, anniversary parties, business and club lunches, breakfasts, lunches, teas, dinners
Menu design merchandising and marketing
Esquire's handbook for hosts
The infinity of lists : from Homer to Joyce
Starting a restaurant business in Saint-Petersburg - Guide for Finnish entrepreneurs
The checklist manifesto : how to get things right
First slice your cookbook
Safe patients, smart hospitals : how one doctor's checklist can help us change health care from the insie out
The wine and food menu book
Virgin book of top 40 charts
French menus for parties
Madhur Jaffrey's Indian Cookery
Menu design 2  : marketing the restaurant through graphics
Menue engineering : apractical guide to menue analysis
30 years of NME album charts
Themes, Dreams, and Schemes : banquet menu ideas, concepts, and thematic experiences
Ranking lists and European Framework Programmes:  Does university status matter for performance in Framework Programmes?
How to create food and beverage menus
Fundamentals of menu planning
40 years of NME charts
A million menus for dining and entertaining at home
Top 10 of London : over 250 lists about London that will simply amaze you!
Hit singles : Top 20 charts from 1954 to the present day
A la Carte : a tour of dining history
New menus from Simca's cuisine
Managing service in food and beverage operations
Management by menu
Literature lover's book of lists : serious trivia for the bibliophile
The Complete guide to trim & finish carpentry : installing moldings, wainscoting & decorative trim
Volume feeding menu selector
The subject of this Bachelor's thesis is Almaco Group Oy's material logistics in a ship refurbishment project. The objective was to study the current logistics chain and to find out the bottlenecks of material packing and material packing markings as well as to find solutions to the problems that were detected. The need for the research was noticed when the refurbishment project in Singapore was underway. The material packing lists were incomplete and the packing of materials delicate to moisture and hits was insufficient. The focus of this thesis is on the development of packing lists, labels, and improvement of packing materials. The research is based on the writer's own experience as a project assistant in the project in Singapore and interviewing the people who are responsible for the logistics of the company. Solutions for problems arisen were searched by studying the essential information. The theory chapter of the thesis includes information about logistics and the importance of successful logistics to companies in general. Theory, interviews and the writer's own conclusions were used to create improvement suggestions to the packing lists, as well as to sufficient packing. The main emphasis in the thesis was on financial savings, because improvements should always create savings for the company. A model for the packing lists making the project work faster and simpler was created in the thesis. In material packing the emphasis was on clarifying the ways different materials are packed. Furthermore, methods for the delivery of large amounts as well as the packing of materials delicate to moisture and hits were presented. The company needs to engage in carrying out the changes presented in the thesis in order to see whether they will bring results and financial benefits. This will require carrying the changes out in a few projects.
The world's best restaurants / editor Emma Jones
The cyclical menu for greater variety, easier planning, better cost control
A Blanc Christmas
THE NEW MUSICAL EXPRESS ROCK'N'ROLL YEARS
The new book of rock lists
Rankings and accountability in higher education : uses and misuses
The French menu cookbook : the food and wine of France-season by delicious season-in beautifully composed menus for American dining and entertaining by an American living in Paris and Provence
The to-do list
40 years of new musical express charts
Accuracy in menus
Cordon Bleu cookbook : recipes for freezing and entertaining
The Virgin book of top 40 charts
A Million menus
Horrid Henry's A-Z of everything horrid
Menu planning/merchandising
Food in 5 languages : an international menu guide : English, German, French, Italian, Spanish
The best I ever tasted !
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
Global university rankings : challenges for European higher education
Martha Stewart's quick cook menus : fifty-two meals you can make in under an hour
Olympic victor lists and ancient Greek history
Cooking for occasions
The Selection and Use of Essential Medicines : Report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO Model List of Essential Medicines and the 3rd WHO Model List of Essential Medicines for Children)
Menu marketing and management : competency guide
Logistics in a ship Refurbishment project : development of packing lists and materials
Menu : pricing & strategy
Restaurant graphics from matchbooks to menus
Menu design 3 : marketing the restaurant as a total graphic environment
"This publication contains all my articles originally published in University world news, the Philippine daily inquirer and the Asian journal of university education plus a selection of posts from University ranking watch ..."--Preface p. 7.
Intermittent versus continuous androgen deprivation in patients with advanced prostate cancer : the FinnProstate study VII
The waiter's handbook
The French menu cookbook : the food and wine of France -season by delicious season- in beautifully composed menus for American dining and entertaining by an American living in Paris and Provence
Great dinners from LIFE
Reveals the surprising power of the ordinary checklist now being used in medicine, aviation, the armed services, homeland security, investment banking, skyscraper construction, and businesses of all kinds.
40 years of NME charts : The complete NME singles charts
Entertaining
Menu design : merchandising and marketing
Watching the rankings : selected writings on international university rankings and related topics
New combinations in Acmispon (Leguminosae, Loteae)
Student Satisfaction and Academic Rankings: Do They Correlate?  : Study Advisory as an Alternative to Academic Rankings.
Chimpanzees for tea!
This book, published in 2008, is a comprehensive examination of Olympic victor lists. The origins, development, content, and structure of Olympic victor lists are explored and explained, and a number of important questions, such as the source and reliability of the year of 776 for the first Olympics, are addressed. Olympic victor lists emerge as a clearly defined type of literature that is best understood as a group of closely related texts. This book offers a fresh perspective on works by familiar writers such as Diodorus Siculus and a sense of the potential importance of less-well-known authors such as Phlegon of Tralleis.
The selection and use of essential medicines : report of the WHO Expert Committee, 2011 (including the 17th WHO model list of essential medicines and the 3rd WHO model list of essential medicines for children)
The top twenty book : the official British record charts 1955-1990
Cooking through the year
Where chefs eat : a guide to chefs' favourite restaurants
Vogue book of menus : food from near & far
The kill list
Caviare and after : the truth about luxury food
Joel Whitburn's Pop memories, 1890-1954 : the history of American popular music : compiled from America's popular music charts 1890-1954
