http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1810 work
work
Development of national producer organizations and specialized business units in Mozambique : a study for the Royal Norwegian Society for Development to prepare a new phase of programme collaboration
Identities at work
Income withholding and overtime payment
The Oxford book of work
The sweat of their brow : a history of work in Latin America
Decent work : objectives and strategies
Labor dictionary : A concise encyclopaedia of labor information
The hat book : Creating hats for every occasion
Sous chef : 24 hours in the kitchen
The book Managing Virtual Teams explores the critical elements that must be considered in managing virtual teams in organizations from structural, managerial, and process points-of-view. Based in solid research, the book provides a deep look at the nature of virtual teams and the factors that enable their success.Using a text-analysis method, the book consolidates results from both academic and practitioners' sources about virtual team inputs, processes, and outcomes. It lays out in clear detail the key characteristics of virtual teams and traces their emergence within organizations and research literature. Managing Virtual Teams addresses the particular practices of virtual teams, not only technological-focused but also socio-emotional, including the managerial attitudes required in virtual environments seeking well-performing teams. Incorporating case studies and research results, this book demonstrates how academic research can be used to successfully manage businesses in a virtual context.This book is a valuable contribution with clear guidelines for managerial practice, both for researchers interested in learning about virtual teams and to managers and organizations dealing with the challenges of managing them. Students will also benefit from this book as they learn how to become effective and operational virtual team members, and in future, successful managers.
Research on work-related stress
Mental Stress and Strain during Work and Leisure : a pilot study among marathon school participants
How to be a productivity ninja : worry less, achieve more, love what you do
Motivation factors enabling positive deviance at workplace
The trainer's balanced scorecard : a complete resource for linking learning to organizational strategy
Evaluation of Bachelor's level education at the Aalto Mikkeli Campus : alumni survey in cooperation with SEFE
Exploring 'Good Work' in IT consultancy business
Employee Motivation at Tommy Bartlett, Inc.
Make your ideas mean business : Ignite your creativity at work : Unleash ideas to be more effective : Target innovations at the source
"While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds. Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots? Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
Are you fully charged? : the 3 keys to energizing your work and life
Bridget Jones's diary
The actor's ways and means
The man who mistook his job for a life : a chronic overachiever finds the way home
What do people do all day?
Handmade weddings : more than 50 crafts to style and personlize your big day
Abstract.
New patterns of work
World labour report. 7, The world employment situation, trends and prospects ; Promoting harmony between work and family: The role of support services and flexible working arrangements ; Employers' organizations ; Health care in developing countries: Quality and cost-effectiveness ; Chemicals in the working environment ; Biographical note ; Statistical annex 1994, 7
Employee motivation and its effects on job performance
The industries of the future
Naturally occurring data in the study of virtual teams in working life   Challenges and opportunities
Modern labor economics : theory and public policy
The real Sherlock Holmes : the hidden story of Jerome Caminada
Gender and family among transnational professionals
Escape everything!
Second European quality of life survey : participation in volunteering and unpaid work
See-sawing between work and home : shift-working mothers' perceptions on work/family balance
Gender, identity and the culture of organizations
Abstract: Cooperation, integration and transnational regionalization in the Northern Calotte Region.
Leadership style : Impact on employee
The Circle
Springtime at Cherry Tree Cottage
Contemporary identities of creativity and creative work
A methodology for the quantification of knowledge work
Staying well in an unstable world of work : prospective cohort study of the determinants of employee well-being
People at work
Japan's shining women : young women negotiating the transition to adulthood in Japan
"Leading innovation expert Alec Ross explains what's next for the world, mapping out the advances and stumbling blocks that will emerge in the next ten years--for businesses, governments, and the global community--and how we can navigate them.  While Alec Ross was working as Hillary Clinton's Senior Advisor on Innovation, he traveled to forty-one countries. He visited some of the toughest places in the world--from refugee camps of Congo to Syrian war zones. From phone-charger stands in eastern Congo to R&D labs in South Korea, Ross has seen what the future holds.  Over the past two decades, the Internet has radically changed markets and businesses worldwide. In The Industries of the Future, Ross shows us what's next, highlighting the best opportunities for progress and explaining why countries thrive or sputter. He examines the specific fields that will most shape our economic future over the next ten years, including cybercrime and cybersecurity, the commercialization of genomics, the next step for big data, and the coming impact of digital technology on money, payments, and markets. And in each of these realms, Ross addresses the toughest questions: How will we have to adapt to the changing nature of work? Is the prospect of cyberwar sparking the next arms race? How can the world's rising nations hope to match Silicon Valley in creating their own innovation hotspots?   Ross blends storytelling and economic analysis to give a vivid and informed perspective on how sweeping global trends are affecting the ways we live, incorporating the insights of leaders ranging from tech moguls to defense experts. The Industries of the Future takes the intimidating, complex topics that many of us know to be important and boils them down into clear, plain-spoken language. This is an essential work for understanding how the world works--now and tomorrow--and a must-read for businesspeople, in every sector, from every country"--
A treatise of social labor
Reflections on women in working life
Formal and informal work : the hidden work regime in Europe
The understudy
Teacher's resource guide to accompany Living with technology
Timber harvester operators' working technique in first thinning and the importance of cognitive abilities on work productivity
Longer careers? : 'Veto' programme indicators
Figure skating coaching in the contemporary sport culture : Finnish figure skating coaches' perceptions about their work
Regulation of fixed-term employment contracts : a comparative overview
This edited volume on "Identities at Work" brings together international theory and empirical research that deals with continuity and change of identity formation processes at work under conditions of modern working processes and labour market flexibility. By bringing together perspectives from sociology, psychology, organisational management and vocational education and training the contributions in this volume connect the debates of skills formation, human resources development and careers with individual's work commitment and professional orientations in various ways. With this focus, the volume presents a new research perspective based on an interdisciplinary and international approach. We argue that in times of globalisation and rapidly changing work realities such an approach is needed to better understand and analyse what is required to equip and prepare the workforce to meet international labour market demands. In this sense, the publication shall serve as a useful resource to researchers and policy makers working in the fields of skills formation, human resources development and organisational management.
Monster day at work
How to run a theatre : a witty, practical and fun guide to arts management
Employed women and family support
Job satisfaction and organizational trust as antecedents of organizational commitment in Finnish and Estonian SMEs
Work psychology : understanding human behaviour in the workplace : lecturer's guide
The manufacture of disadvantage : stigma and social closure
"How you were left to your fate" : the responses of two sisters to the surrounding societies in Brick Lane (2003) by Monica Ali
Beginner's guide to quilting: 16 projects to learn to quilt
In the spirit of Uno Cygnaeus : pedagogical questions of today and tomorrow
Men's work and women's work
Criteria for the evaluation of requirements management tools supporting distributed software product line engineering and management
Lulu and the chocolate wedding
Musculoskeletal disorders and the workplace : low back and upper extremities
Creating a Career in Japan
The emerging horizontal dimension of practical intelligence : polycontextuality and boundary crossing in complex work activities
A year after arresting Jason Medina for the rape and murder of his step-daughter, Detective Inspector Amaia Salazar has one last duty to complete before starting her maternity leave attending Medina's trial. Then the trial is suddenly called off.
Yearbook of labour statistics 2001.
Britt-Marie was here
A great day at the office : 10 simple strategies for maximising your energy and getting the best out of yourself and your day
You dont't have to go home from work exhausted!
Dimensions of work : the sociology of a work culture
Increasing non-exercise physical activity : extended theory of planned behaviour model testing and the role of stress within sedentary parents
European working lives : continuities and change in management and industrial relations in France, Scandinavia and the UK
Survey of labor economics
Changing expectations and realities of employment stability : longitudinal analysis of tenures in Finland
Longbourn : a novel
Job analysis : a tool of productivity
The role of ICT and high-growth firms : micro-level evidence on job creation and productivity growth
Women and work
Effects of a mindfulness-based intervention on experienced job charachteristics : comparing the intervention group and the control group
Interventions for occupational stress management among nurses : A systematic literature review
The Wilt inheritance
Man and work
Review of psychological and social factors at work and suggestions for the general nordic questionnaire (QPSNordic)
Sociology, work, and industry
1, 2, 3, sew : build your skills with 33 simple sewing projects
Empirical studies on working hours and labour market flows
Japanese working life profile : labor statistics
Rest : why you get more done when you work less
The attractiveness of the work is affected when production of handcrafted log houses moves indoors
Small town teacher
Quality and price of labor
The meaning of work
Modern human relations at work
Working with older people
Sociology, work and industry
The one dollar horse
" It feels like I should be a superhuman but I am not" : identity change experiences of employees in forced organizational change
The experience of work : a compendium and review of 249 measures and their use
Upgrade your life : how take back control and achieve your goals
Essays to a young teacher
Job search behavior of unemployed in Russia
Returned volunteers' perceptions on their international voluntary work experience and its impact on their lives
The Meaning of Work for Immigrant Women Nurses in Finland
This is how to get your next job : an inside look at what employers really want
Musculoskeletal disorders and physical strain among food factory workers
The Legacy of the Bones
Not your mama's felting : the cool and creative way to get it together
Bibliographie des questions ouvrières et sociales dans la Russie des Soviets = Bibliography of industrial and labour questions in Soviet Russia
Labor market matching with application to Finnish data
Shop class as soulcraft : an inquiry into the value of work
Revisiting the buffers of job insecurity : investigating new buffering factors between perceived job insecurity and employee outcomes
The realities of work
Women and work in America
Modern bee : 13 quilts to make with friends
Women have always worked : a historical overview
Balancing the big stuff : finding happiness in work, family, and life
The profession of social work : guided by history, led by evidence
Eliminate the chaos at work : 25 techniques to increase productivity
Flexible outsourcing and the impacts of labour taxation in European welfare states
Technological changes in relation to women's employment
Government and labor in early America
The best of craft design technology : the 20th anniversary volume of studies in design education craft and technology
Working : people talk about what they do all day and how they feel about what they do
22 famous painters and illustrators tell how the work
7 skills that will catapult your career
Physiological determinants and assessment of stress and recovery among media workers
Managing virtual teams
Steps for Developing a Professional Career Homepage for Winning  Most Suitable Employees for RPC
Handbook of human factors
On writing
Managing and developing new forms of work organisation
Hard work : remaking the American labor movement
Life roles, values, and careers : international findings of the work importance study
Job satisfaction among secondary school teachers in Tanzania : the case of Njombe district
The case for working with your hands, or, Why office work is bad for us and fixing things feels good
Information technology and work environment : published papers
On the farm : our holiday with uncle Kev
Not your mama's knitting : the cool and creative way to pick up sticks
The economics of the labour market
The changing shape of work
Idle hands and empty hearts : work and freedom in the United States
Working it out at work : understanding attitudes and building relationships
Kumihimo basics and beyond : 24 braided and beaded jewelry projects on the kumihimo disk
Work without stress : a practical guide to emotional and physical well-being on the job
Charasteristics of urban regions and all-cause mortality in working-age population : effects of social environment and interactions with individual unemployment
What color is your parachute? : guide to rethinking interviews : ace the interview and land your dream job
Longbourn
Is there scope for gains from revenue-neutral labour tax reforms with flexible outsourcing?
The other typist
Changing teachers, changing times : teachers' work and culture in the postmodern age
Richard Scarry's busy, busy town
"Media work is a good example of working life in modern 24/7 society. Time pressure and cognitive strain due to overflow of media inputs enhance job strain. New technology requires constant learning and implementation of new working modalities. Employees might continue work-related activities at home and outside the workplace. This may lead to overcommitment and extension of the real working time. Irregular shift work is common. Sudden changes in information flow, technical problems and alterations in team resources may hinder recovery and increase stress. On the other hand high demands may increase the well-being, if the worker can use the skills and has good job control. Self-assessments of stress and well-being combined with physiological measurements help us also to identify work-related and personal factors that could explain good or poor recovery." -- (Back Cover)
The year without pants : WordPress.com and the future of work
Exploring primary design and technology
Summary.
Essays on team cooperation and firm performance
Leap without a net : leaving a job with no plan B
The sociology of occupations
This book focuses on the language of proofs, argument and rhetoric in educational research. It also explores the language of particular debates significant to the wider educational context, such as the language of goals, parenting, and citizenship.
Business reimagined : why work isn't working and what you can do about it
No-nonsense resumes: the essential guide to creating attention-grabbing resumes that get interviews & job offers
Outsourcing and labor taxation in dual labor markets
Strategic outsourcing, profit sharing and equilibrium unemployment
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Quality of work life survey
Good occupational health practice : a guide for planning and follow-up of occupational health services
The cow on the roof
Contemporary occupational health psychology : global perspectives on research and practice. Vol. 1
"Sociology, Work and Industry has been restructured and updated throughout. It includes a newly written opening chapter which, in addition to explaining the distinctiveness of the sociological perspective, provides guidance on researching and analysing work practices and institutions. It will be essential reading for anybody studying the sociology of work, work organisations and industry."--BOOK JACKET.
Examining the “Dark Side” – The Importance of the Back of House
Glossary of terms in work study
Family doctors' journey to quality
Personality, well-being and job resources : from negative paradigm towards positive psychology
Profitable food service management : thru job analysis, descriptions and specifications
Japan labor review
The finnish national productivity programme for 1996-1999 : final report to the Economic Council by the National Productivity Programme Steering Committee
Road accident investigation teams in Finland : research on accidents involving personal injuries 1979-1983
Abstract: This study explores the conditions of good work in IT consultancy business. The objectives of the study are to find the attributes that employees consider important for good work in an IT consultancy business, and to examine the present conditions in the case company for the good work as well as how the likelihood for good work could be improved.    The concept of good work is used as a framework for this study and supported by the model for engagement and the factors affecting it. The model is built on the theory of motivation and the experience of flow as seen from the individual's perspective as well as the theory of positive deviance and transformational leadership, as seen from the organization's socio cultural point of view. In the literature review, quite many topics studied were found to be overlapping and linked to different theories. As a result, the attributes from the theoretical framework were grouped under six headings of empowerment, meaningfulness, relatedness, communication, rewards & recognition and leadership.    This research is a qualitative type of research with the data coming from two main sources. The first source is the survey questionnaire based on the literature review, which was responded by 64 people representing the population both from the product development and IT consulting employees in the case company. The second source is the interview and open discussion with eight employees in the case company.    In order to answer the research question, the results were compiled from the question-naires and interviews and analyzed against the theoretical framework to understand what people see as the characteristics for each of six headings and to what extent the conditions for good work are met in case organization. Additionally the implications were discussed and recommendations were prepared for the management and employees that could enhance the opportunities for doing the good work in the case company meeting the standards for excellence and ethics and at the same time leading to a feeling of well being in employees. The recommendations are subsequently validated in the case organization by the reference group formed by the researcher.
Costing human resources : the financial impact of behavior in organizations
Women and change in the Caribbean : a Pan-Caribbean perspective
Evidence-based child health care
The psychopath factory : how capitalism organises empathy
What do grown-ups do all day?
Spirituality in social work : new directions
Ameba, Chameleon or Spider in the net  : About the role and status of Youth Work and youth workers in the different network processes
The motivation to work
The Birkman method
Equilibrium unemployment with outsourcing and labour taxation under both unionized and competitive labour markets
Enterprising women : ethnicity, economy, and gender relations
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
Modern labor economics
The division of labor in society
Productivity for the future : the Finnish national productivity campaign for 1993-1995 : report to the Economic Council by the productivity campaign steering committee
Impacts of labor taxation with perfectly and imperfectly competitive domestic labor markets under flexible outsourcing
Me before you
A whole life
Working-life expectancy in Finland : trends and differentials 2000-2015 : a multistate regression approach
Commitment in networks of practice
MODERN & CONTEMPORARY FICTION (POST C 1945). A dazzling urban satire of modern relationships? An ironic, tragic insight into the demise of the nuclear family? Or the confused ramblings of a pissed thirty-something? As Bridget documents her struggles through the social minefield of her thirties and tries to weigh up the eternal question (Daniel Cleaver or Mark Darcy?), she turns for support to four indispensable friends: Shazzer, Jude, Tom and a bottle of chardonnay. Bridget Jones's Diary was first published in 1996 and applauded by critics from Salman Rushdie to Jilly Cooper. A number-one bestseller, Helen Fielding's book has sold over fifteen million copies worldwide and has been turned into an Academy Award-nominated film starring Renee Zellweger, Colin Firth and Hugh Grant.
Architects' sketches : dialogue and design
The protestant work ethic : the psychology of work-related beliefs and behaviours
Pom-poms! : 25 awesomely fluffy projects
Committee common sense
Published in association with the European Academy of Occupational Health Psychology (EAOHP) and the Society for Occupational Health Psychology (SOHP), "Contemporary Issues in Occupational Health Psychology" is a definitive new series presenting state-of-the-art work by leading academics and practitioners in the field. The topics include workplace health intervention evaluation, economic stress and employee well-being, work-family positive spillover, psychological flexibility, and health at work. Contributors to this first volume include Arnold Bakker, Frank Bond, Maureen Dollard, Leslie Hammer, Robert Karasek, Michiel Kompier, Tahira Probst, Wilmar Schaufeli, Arie Shirom, Robert Sinclair, Toon Taris, and, Tores Theorell.
Executive summary (s. 9-20).
Educating the global workforce : knowledge, knowledge work and knowledge workers
Not your mamas stitching : the cool and creative way to stitch it to 'em
Downshifting : how to work less and enjoy life more
The 4-hour work week
Labor issues in Korea 2012
Lifting heavy weights in defense industries : methods for conserving health of women worker
Volunteer tourism : theory framework to practical applications
The scarecrow
What is the Recipe of Success at Work? :  Employee Perceptions from a Finnish Telecom Company
Men at work
Missuses and mouldrunners : an oral history of women pottery-workers at work and at home
Rhetorics of work
Using Chinese in China - challenges and opportunities : a case study of three Finnish sojourners
The worker in an affluent society : family life and industry
Abstract: Grey Economy in Accommodation and Nutrition Industry.
Work, education, and leadership : essays in the philosophy of education
Introducing Craft, Design & Technology
Work and family : an international research perspective
Matching heterogeneous job seekers and vacancies : empirical studies using Finnish data
Values, work, education : the meanings of work
You can act! : a complete guide for actors
Creative workers have been celebrated internationally for their flexibility in new labour markets centred on culture, creativity and, most recently, innovation. This book draws on research with novice and established workers in a range of specializations in order to explore the meanings, aspirations and practical difficulties associated with a creative identification. It investigates the difficulties and attractions of creative work as a personalized, affect-laden project of self-making, perpetually open and oriented to possibility, uncertain in its trajectory or rewards. Employing a cross-disciplinary methodology and analytic approach, the book investigates the new cultural meanings in play around a creative career. It shows how classic ideals of design and the creative arts, re-interpreted and promoted within contemporary art schools, validate the lived experience of precarious working in the global sectors of the creative and cultural industries, yet also contribute to its conflicts. "Contemporary Identities of Creativity and Creative Work" presents a distinctive study and original findings which make it essential reading for social scientists, including social psychologists, with an interest in cultural and media studies, creativity, identity, work and contemporary careers.
Teaching English abroad : your expert guide to teaching English around the world
