http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1811 geishas
geishas
Geisha : beyond the painted smile / edited by the Peabody Essex Museum
The pillow book of the flower samurai
Few Westerners escape the images, expectations and misperceptions that lead us to see Asia as exotic, sensual, decadent, dangerous, and mysterious. Despite - and because of - centuries of East-West interaction, the stereotypes of Western literature, stage, and screen remain pervasive icons: the tea-pouring, submissive, sexually available geisha girl; the steely cold dragon lady dominatrix; as well as the portrayal of the Asian male as effeminate and asexual. These "Oriental" illusions color our relations and relationships in ways even well-respected professional "Asia hands" and scholars don't necessarily see. The Asian Mystique lays out a provocative challenge to see Asia and Asians as they really are, with unclouded, deeroticized eyes. It traces the origins of Western stereotypes in history and in Hollywood, examines the phenomenon of 'yellow fever,' then goes on a reality tour of Asia's go-go bars, middle-class homes, college campuses, business districts, and corridors of power, providing intimate profiles of women's lives and vivid portraits of the human side of an Asia we usually mythologize too well to really understand. It strips away our misconceptions and stereotypes, revealing instead the fully dimensional human beings beyond our usual perceptions. The Asian Mystique is required reading for anyone with interest in or interaction with Asia or Asian-origin people, as well as any serious student or practicioner of East-West relations.
Memoirs of a geisha
"In this fascinating and wide-ranging book, Yoko Kawaguchi explores the Western portrayal of Japanese women - and geishas in particular-from the mid-nineteenth century to the present day. She argues that in the West, Japanese women have come to embody certain ideas about feminine sexuality, and she analyses how these ideas have been expressed in diverse art forms, ranging from fiction and opera to the visual arts and music videos." "Among the many works Kawaguchi discusses are the art criticism of Baudelaire and Huysmans, the opera Madama Butterfly, the sculptures of Rodin, the Broadway play Teahouse of the August Moon, and the international bestseller Memoirs of a Geisha. Butterfly's Sisters also examines the impact on early twentieth-century theatre, drama and dance theory of the performance styles of the actresses Madame Hanako and Sadayakko, both formerly geishas."--BOOK JACKET.
Yoshiwara : the glittering world of the Japanese courtesan
A geisha's journey : my life as a Kyoto apprentice
The nightless city of the geisha : the history of the Yoshiwara
Geisha : beyond the painted smile
Geisha : a living tradition
Rivalry : a geisha's tale
Geisha & Maiko of Kyoto : beauty, art, & dance
Geisha : the secret history of a vanishing world
The gei of geisha : music, identity and meaning
Geisha : updated by a new preface
The Life of a Geisha
Memoirs of a Geisha
Geisha : the life, the voices, the art
Butterfly's sisters : the Geisha in western culture
Memoirs of a geisha : a novel
The kimono of the geisha-diva Ichimaru
Women of the pleasure quarters : the secret history of the geisha
ORIENTAL ART. Kagai, literally translated as "Flower Town," is the term Kyoto people use for the districts where the geiko and maiko practice the high-class arts that have made their beauty and refinement legendary the world over. This over 300-page volume is divided into five chapters: ELEGANCE OF GEIKO AND MAIKO: Features the beauty of the protagonists in Kagai, with the details on their hairstyles and flower ornaments.  SPLENDOR OF DANCE STAGE: Features geiko and maiko on the stage, showing their seriously pursued entertainment skills. FOUR SEASONS IN KAGAI: Presents a lot of annual events throughout the year. GION BETWEEN 1973 AND 1985: Shows the tradition in Kagai. TRANSITION FROM MAIKO TO GEIKO: Documenting a girl entering this world as an apprentice, and her efforts for 5 years to become a geiko.  This definitive photo collection will be a good introduction to Kyoto's traditional culture.
Geisha, a life
The Asian mystique : dragon ladies, geisha girls & our fantasies of exotic orient
Snow country
Offers an intimate glimpse into a unique female community. Liz Dalby, the only non-Japanese woman ever to have trained as a geisha, reveals the realities of geisha life.
