http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18152 Laatukamari
Laatukamari
The objective of the thesis was to understand whether the associates of the Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica are satisfied with the services that the organization provides,  and with the relationship they have with it. The interest on the topic derives from the personal understanding of the researcher of the importance of Customer Satisfaction in the  modern business environment. Further, the researcher's proposal has been positively accepted by the director of the Chamber of Commerce, at the beginning of a five-month  internship. The theoretical framework for this thesis was based on the understanding of services and  their features, taking into account the importance of customers' needs and expectations, in order to be able to measure their satisfaction. Moreover, notions of service quality have been presented as closely related to satisfaction and to customer loyalty. The theories that support the thesis included also the concepts of customers' feedbacks, complaints and service recovery. This theoretical framework has been mainly collected using 'Service Marketing̜' and 'Customer Satisfaction Evaluation' material. In order to carry on an observation of the service users' behaviour, a qualitative research was implemented, in form of interviews, on the basis of the research problems defined at the beginning of this work, which were related to customer satisfaction, fulfilled promises, good relationship and further suggestions to the organization. The data have been collected,  analyzed, interpreted within the time of the internship, and afterwards the drawing of conclusions and recommendations took place. The findings of this study are provided at the end of the work together with conclusions and suggestions for improvement to the Chamber of Commerce. To summarize, it has been  revealed that the service users are generally satisfied with the operate of the Chamber of Commerce, that the staff managed to establish good relationships with the customers and that improvements are needed as regards specific matters, such as the provision of statistical data and privacy.  The recommendations at the end of the work include a list of personal observations of the researcher, on the base of the reported findings and on the personal experience within the Italian Chamber of Commerce during the internship.
Customer satisfaction evaluation : case: Italian Chamber of Commerce in Costa Rica
