http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18161 information management systems
information management systems data management systems
An interactive environment supporting the development of formally correct programs
Globally distributed knowledge sharing in social software environments : barriers and interventions
Tools for knowledge organization and the human interface : proceedings, 1st International ISKO-conference, Darmstadt, 14-17 August 1990. Vol. 2
"Get peak performance from your SAP ERP infrastructure using the detailed implementation, maintenance, and support information in this comprehensive resource. SAP Basis Administration Handbook, NetWeaver Edition delivers integrated management strategies covering both ABAP and Java stacks. Discover how to deploy components, accurately size throughout, configure Oracle databases, back up your system, and repair performance problems. Career trends, certification requirements, and marketable SAP Basis skills are also discussed in this practical guide. Essential Skills for SAP Professionals: - Plan, prepare, and install SAP NetWeaver Application Server - Set up, configure, and troubleshoot Java and ABAP stacks - Establish server infrastructure and efficiently balance workloads - Incorporate transport management and software logistics - Resolve performance issues and startup problems - Access SAP support infrastructure through SAP Service Marketplace -Manage and back up Oracle databases using BR*TOOLS - Perform system copies, stack upgrades, and OS/DB migrations."
ACR BI-RADS® Atlas : breast imaging reporting and data system
Foundations of data mining and knowledge discovery
Vineyard : the visual information manager for workgroups. Reference guide
Understanding information : an introduction
Intelligence-based security in private industry
Business process management : concepts, languages, architectures
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 pocket consultant
"This book unites researchers and industry practitioners from different disciplines to share their domain-specific knowledge and contribute to a holistic introduction into the area of human-centered design for e-health applications"--Provided by publisher.
Extending service capability with installed base setup
Developing, Managing and Maintaining Web Applications with Content Management Systems: Drupal and Joomla as case study
Enterprise information management in practice : managing data and leveraging profits in today's complex business environment
Business information systems : technology, development and management for the e-business
eGOOD operational enviroment as a tool for innovative data management within business networks
Realtime travel information
IT is operationally critical and strategic to an enterprise's success. Implementing best professional management practices should be a management imperative. ITIL and COBIT are two of the most widely adopted frameworks for supporting IT governance and management improvement initiatives.
Adaptive control systems for spare part inventory network
How and why Finnish universities of applied sciences defined a new approach to build a next generation student and study management system
Information systems analysis and design
Integrated management of processes and information
Interfacing and adopting ITIL® and COBIT®
Web-scale data management for the cloud
Interoperable database systems (DS-5) : proceedings of the IFIP WG2.6 Database Semantics Conference on Interoperable Database Systems (DS-5), Lorne, Victoria, Australia, 16-20 November, 1992
Developing, managing and maintaining web applications with content management systems : Drupal and Joomla as case study
Getting started with Couchbase Server
This book explains and then helps readers live with the psycho-techno phenomenon that is bring your own technology (BYOT). Readers will learn how to understand these new end-users and their demands, as well as the strategic and tactical ramifications of these demands. Next, it covers the broad range of technical considerations such as selection, connectivity, training, support, and security. The text includes best practices and case studies of well-known companies, including IBM, Ford, and CarFax
Recommender systems for the social web
Database systems : an application-oriented approach
Oracle9i : the complete reference
Think bigger : developing a successful big data strategy for your business
BPMN 2.0 : introduction to the standard for business process modeling
Integrating Master Data Application in a Global Enterprise
An implementation of long fields as relations
The intelligent web : search, smart algorithms and big data
State of the art marketing research
3-tier client/server at work
Brand tracking, CRM programs, trade shows, online behavior tracking, satisfaction studies. Mounds of marketing metrics are generated across touchpoints and channels. This book explains step by step how to: gain crucial IT support; build a rock-solid database; select key leading performance indicators; and design the optimal dashboard layout.
Oracle Developer/2000 handbook
Business data communications : basic concepts, security and design
Principles of distributed database systems
Service systems management and engineering : creating strategic differentiation and operational excellence
Real-time analytics is the hottest topic in data analytics today. In Real-Time Analytics: Techniques to Analyze and Visualize Streaming Data, expert Byron Ellis teaches data analysts technologies to build an effective real-time analytics platform. This platform can then be used to make sense of the constantly changing data that is beginning to outpace traditional batch-based analysis platforms.
Understanding context : environment, language, and information architecture
Clustering of shared subobjects in databases
Product data management mapping in engineering office : case: Citec Engineering Oy
Archiving your SAP® data
An NF2 relational interface with aggregation capability for document retrieval, restructuring and analysis
SAP Basis administration handbook : NetWeaver edition
Computerized assistance during the information systems life cycle : proceedings of the IFIP WG 8.1 Working Conference on Computerized Assistance during the Information Systems Life Cycle, CRIS 88, Egham, England, 19-22 September, 1988
Relational database management with oracle
Football team tracker system : a web application with Agile development methodology
Accounting information systems : basic concepts and current issues
CHOOSING AND IMPLEMENTING CRM SYSTEM FOR A SERVICE COMPANY : Nordmaja OÜ
Oracle PL/SQL by example
Second Scandinavian Research Seminar on Information Modelling and Data Base Management
Information systems : a business approach
TAMK Logistics Innovation Laboratory : Project Logivo
Company information management system development for HuaRuiZhongHe C.P.A Co Ltd
An introduction to database systems. Volume 1.
Multimedia databases in perspective
Configuring financial accounting in SAP
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript shows you how to build and customize SharePoint solutions to suit a wide range of business needs. You don't need a background in Microsoft technologies; you’ll learn how to rapidly build and customize sites entirely on the front end, starting with out-of-the-box features and extending them with HTML and JavaScript code. The book starts with an introduction to working with SharePoint on the front end, and how this can help you avoid common pitfalls associated with deploying custom code on the server. You’ll start by using SharePoint’s browser-based tools to place and manipulate out-of-the-box web parts on a page. Then learn to inject some simple HTML and JavaScript to manipulate these web parts, and use JSLink to rapidly style and manipulate data in the List web part. You'll also see examples of how to build your own custom web parts using HTML, JavaScript and CSS. For those who want to dive deeper into JavaScript on SharePoint, chapters cover working directly with built-in JavaScript methods and properties and the JavaScript object model (JSOM), and how to work with the powerful new REST API, which gives you the ultimate flexibility over what you do with your data. Whatever your background, whether it's web development, working with SharePoint on the server side, or if you're a SharePoint user looking to learn new skills, Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript will show you how to get what you want from SharePoint, quickly and reliably.
This pocket-sized guide delivers ready answers for administering SQL Server Code Name "Denali". Zero in on core support and maintenance tasks using quick-reference tables, instructions, and lists that help you save time and get the job done!
Information architecture : the design and integration of information spaces
Experiencing MIS
Investigation, extension and implementation of the Proteios system
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2013 Unleashed presents start-to-finish guidance for planning, customizing, deploying, integrating, managing, and securing both cloud and on-premise based versions of Dynamics CRM.
Analysis and design of security aspects for information management system : the case of DACAD Ltd
Emerging technologies for knowledge resource management
Records management : a guide to corporate record keeping
"This book presents the latest research, case studies, best practices, and methodologies within the field of IT project management, offering research from top experts around the world in a variety of IT project management applications and job sectors"--Provided by publisher.
Fundamentals of business process management
Getting started with InfoSphere data architect
Integrated security systems design : a complete reference for building enterprise-wide digital security systems
MoReq2 specification : model requirements for the management of electronic records : update and extension 2008
Abstract: A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems.
"NoSQL databases are an efficient and powerful tool for storing and manipulating vast quantities of data. Most NoSQL databases scale well as data grows. In addition, they are often malleable and flexible enough to accommodate semi-structured and sparse data sets. This comprehensive hands-on guide presents fundamental concepts and practical solutions for getting you ready to use NoSQL databases. Expert author Shashank Tiwari begins with a helpful introduction on the subject of NoSQL, explains its characteristics and typical uses, and looks at where it fits in the application stack. Unique insights help you choose which NoSQL solutions are best for solving your specific data storage needs. Professional NoSQL: Demystifies the concepts that relate to NoSQL databases, including column-family oriented stores, key/value databases, and document databases. Delves into installing and configuring a number of NoSQL products and the Hadoop family of products. Explains ways of storing, accessing, and querying data in NoSQL databases through examples that use MongoDB, HBase, Cassandra, Redis, CouchDB, Google App Engine Datastore and more. Looks at architecture and internals. Provides guidelines for optimal usage, performance tuning, and scalable configurations. Presents a number of tools and utilities relating to NoSQL, distributed platforms, and scalable processing, including Hive, Pig, RRDtool, Nagios, and more."
Mastering hyper-V : learn to design, build, and manage a virtualized data center using Microsoft Hyper-V
Business intelligence : the savvy manager's guide
A Conceptual model for collaboration-based farm management information systems
Model requirements for the management of electronic records : MoReq specification
Database processing : fundamentals, design, and implementation
Big data beyond the hype : a guide to conversations for today's data center
Information services design : a design science approach for sustainable knowledge
Juristopia : semantic wiki for legal information
Oracle database cloud cookbook with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c
Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2013 : unleashed
Wouldn't it be great to understand all the data in your organisation? Just imagine being able to define, agree and manage information concepts that impact on business strategy? Then image that these information concepts can be linked to the physical database attributes that ultimately are used to create them. That's what this book is about. It focuses on the data model as the foundation for achieving this understanding. This book provides a framework for the enterprise data model, the business reasons behind it and the differences between conceptual, logical and physical data models. The question of how, and why, to use a data model artifact as part of the data governance toolkit for the whole enterprise is also addressed. This publication is not an in-depth manual on how to model data for a new database system or your next design project. It instead focuses at a level above these implementation projects and addresses the issues that organisations typical struggling with.
Customer Relationship Management in Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd
Many process management books focus on manufacturing applications. A few discuss services applications and occasionally some comment on the information processes outside of the normal information technology (IT) function.When a business seeks to improve the processes it uses in order to provide efficiency and cost savings to a product or service, that business needs to consider its manufacturing, service, and information handling processes together because they are not independent. This book has two goals: First, to help business practitioners integrate their management of manufacturing or service processes with information processes; and second, to provide business schools with a textbook that can be used for a basic process management course to precede or accompany the typical operations management course because information handling approaches vary considerably with organizational size, both large and small business approaches are discussed. This discussion is focused on basic concepts rather than specific technical aspects like what type of information hardware to be used. One chapter will discuss the considerations necessary when adding information process management to enterprise resource planning (ERP), statistical process control (SPC), and supply chain logistics approaches from both large and small business perspectives.
Database design : know it all
InfoSet Based SAP BI HCM Data Modeling
Interaction between Software Configuration Management Tools from Product Configuration Point of View
Product data management : product lifecycle management, metadata bill of materials, access control
Tree matching problems with applications to structured text databases
Information and data modelling
Common warehouse metamodel : an introduction to the standard for data warehouse integration
This thesis project is a real practice of developing a web based information system, it requests a  comprehensive understanding of software development lifecycle and methodologies, also enough  progamming skills and project management knowledge are required in order to fullfill customer's  needs and carry out the project in time. It's a lot of pressure and challengs but on the other hand it  bring experience that can not be learned in class.    The customer HurRuiZhongHe C.P.A Co Ltd is a chinese company that provides audit and accounting  services for other companies in a variety of fields, their serving customers have a great increase in  recent years which brought the needs of information management system. In the early stage, it has  been decided that the system will consist of three major parts, they are sub-systems of customer  management system, project management system which refers to case management system and case  automation management system in project plan, and employee management system, during the project  development process while the deeper understanding the customer acquired, there are more  requirements regarding functionalities and sub-systems, the project became larger compare to the  original plan, More then ten business related sub-systems are developed and covers most of company's  activities by the end.    The thesis report will give an overall report on the project development including it's background  information and detailed implementation introduction, three documentations are given as appendices,  feasibility study, software requirement documentation of project management system and design document.
The purpose of this project was to design and implement the Tin Phong Sales Management System. The Tin Phong Sales Management System is a sales management system offers services of handling customer, product, stock and sales data. The implementation of Tin Phong Sales Management System was based on system and software requirements specifications that were also analyzed at Haaga-Helia in Autumn 2008 and was developed for Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd. is spare spare-parts trading company located in Ho Chi Minh city, Vietnam. There are three different categories of sales are in Tin Phong Trading Co., Ltd.; retail, Wholesale and contract sales where information about these sales as well as customer and product related information is stored on paper based information which often causes problems in data storage, data transferring and sometimes data lost where one can understand how time consuming it is to search and find information when needed or how much it can cost the company if a given information is lost. This project was carried out as student Thesis with which there is a time limitation, due to this limitation only part of the system was developed, hence the use of Sub-system. This sub-system covered only customer, product and contract sales information. Contract sales contains information about contract, deliveries and payments while a contract is more about terms and conditions, information about product sold as well as who was the customer who signed the contract. In contract sales a customer makes contract sings it and makes payment, the company delivers products to customer and with the sub-system that is ready now, information about these activities can easily be stored and retrieved any time needed. Being a desktop application, this sub-system has security control that allows users to perform a number of activities according to their rights and the rights are based on position occupied in the organization. Java programming language was used in implementation, eclipse as text editor, Microsoft Access as DBMS, Rational Unified Process as software implementation process and quality standards were applied as well. The implemented sub-system is ready and can be taken into use and it is likely that from the value it will bring to the company, company will decide to finalize its part that is not implemented yet.
Integrated Security Systems Design, 2nd Edition, is recognized as the industry-leading book on the subject of security systems design. It explains how to design a fully integrated security system that ties together numerous subsystems into one complete, highly coordinated, and highly functional system.
"This practical, insightful book provides a powerful toolset to help information architects, UX professionals, and web and app designers understand and solve the many challenges of contextual ambiguity in the products and services they create. You'll discover not only how to design for a given context, but also how design participates in making context. Learn how people perceive context when touching and navigating digital environments. See how labels, relationships, and rules work as building blocks for context. Find out how to make better sense of cross-channel, multi-device products or services. Discover how language creates infrastructure in organizations, software, and the Internet of Things. Learn models for figuring out the contextual angles of any user experience"--Back cover.
The problem of incomplete information in relational databases
Intelligent information systems : progress and prospects
Processing business data and statistics from IBM WebSphere commerce
Breast imaging and reporting data system (ACR BI-RADS) : breast imaging atlas : mammography, breast ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging
The design of information systems for human beings : informatics 6 : proceedings of a conference held by the Aslib Informatics Group, Oxford, 24 September 1981
Too big to ignore : the business case for big data
Software can be daunting, but learning about it doesn't have to be! Guided by expert SAP authors, you'll get a comprehensive overview of SAP's enterprise offerings with this book. Whether you're a decision-maker, consultant, or new SAP professional, this book will paint you the picture of SAP - from its history to a look at each major solution.
Methods and tools for collaborative networked organizations
Theory and practice of relational databases
Conceptual design of an authorization information database
"Securing against operational interruptions and the theft of your data is much too important to leave to chance. By planning for the worst, you can ensure your organization is prepared for the unexpected. Enterprise Architecture and Information Assurance: Developing a Secure Foundation explains how to design complex, highly available, and secure enterprise architectures that integrate the most critical aspects of your organization's business processes.Filled with time-tested guidance, the book describes how to document and map the security policies and procedures needed to ensure cost-effective organizational and system security controls across your entire enterprise. It also demonstrates how to evaluate your network and business model to determine if they fit well together. The book's comprehensive coverage includes:Infrastructure security model componentsSystems security categorizationBusiness impact analysisRisk management and mitigationSecurity configuration managementContingency planningPhysical securityThe certification and accreditation processFacilitating the understanding you need to reduce and even mitigate security liabilities, the book provides sample rules of engagement, lists of NIST and FIPS references, and a sample certification statement. Coverage includes network and application vulnerability assessments, intrusion detection, penetration testing, incident response planning, risk mitigation audits/reviews, and business continuity and disaster recovery planning. Reading this book will give you the reasoning behind why security is foremost. By following the procedures it outlines, you will gain an understanding of your infrastructure and what requires further attention"--
Critical factors in legal document management : a study of standardised markup languages
14th information retrieval colloquium : proceedings of the BCS 14th information retrieval colloquium, University of Lancaster, 13-14 April 1992
SQL Server 2000.. SQL Server 2000 administration
Product lifecycle management : 21st century paradigm for product realisation
Professional NoSQL
Human-centered design of e-health technologies : concepts, methods and applications
Accounting information systems : transactions prosessing and controls
Foundations of data organization and algorithms : 4th international conference, FODO '93, Chicago, Illinois, USA, October 13-15, 1993 : proceedings
Oracle application server Web toolkit reference
A books management system
Advanced dBASE IV
Implementation of manufacturing data management application in the scientific research project
Oracle database foundations
Evaluating the organizational impact of healthcare information systems
Integrating SAP ERP financials : configuration and design
The file server solution at the Centre for Scientific Computing in Finland
Application of big data for national security : a practitioner's guide to emerging technologies
Access 2002 : an advanced course for students
Designing solutions for Microsoft® SharePoint® 2010 : making the right architecture and implementation decisions
Encyclopedia of human resources information systems : challenges in e-HRM
Evaluation of data mining
When the stakes are high and the job is complex, rely on this complete guide to implementing Financial Accounting. Master the processes, subcomponents, and tools you need and align your FI system with unique business requirements, from intricate system configuration to versatile mobile apps. Up to date for EHP 7, this book details step-by-step instructions and examples for integrating FI with CO, SD, PP, and MM.
Bpmn 2.0 handbook : methods, concepts, case studies and standards in business process management notation
SELinux : Easy configuration and management Security environment
Developing knowledge management systems with an active expert methodology
Information architecture for the Web and beyond
Outsourcing of data management processes
Database systems : a practical approach to design, implementation, and management
Go! with Microsoft Access 2007 : brief
Open systems and standards for software product development
Beginning database design solutions
First Scandinavian Research Seminar on Information Modelling and Data Base Management
Data collection analysis and management system
Big data : a revolution that will transform how we live, work, and think
There are many kinds of data warehouses, in large part due to evolution and different paths of software and hardware vendors. But DW 2.0, defined by this author in many talks, articles, and his b-eye-network newsletter that reaches 65,000 professionals monthly, is the well-identified and defined next generation data warehouse. The book carries that theme and describes the future of data warehousing that is technologically possible now, at both an architectural level and technology level. The perspective of the book is from the top down: looking at the overall architecture and then delving into the issues underlying the components. The benefit of this for people who are building or using a data warehouse can see what lies ahead, and can determine: what new technology to buy, how to plan extensions to the data warehouse, what can be salvaged from the current system, and how to justify the expense--at the most practical level.
Workflow Management : Models, Methods, and Systems
Formal development of mechanisms for tolerating transient faults
Macmillan dictionary of information technology
Knowledge Management in ICT department : Case: Nokian Tyres plc
To the cloud : cloud powering an enterprise
Some methods to improve life cycle manageability of low-volume mobile processing platforms
Vineyard : the visual information manager for workgroups. Feature guide
Tools for knowledge organization and the human interface : proceedings, 1st International ISKO-conference, Darmstadt, 14-17 August 1990. [Vol. 1]
Real-time analytics : techniques to analyze and visualize streaming data
Managing and implementing Microsoft SharePoint 2010 projects
Archival science : international journal on recorded information
Demystifying big data and machine learning for healthcare
Information architecture for information professionals
Foundations of IT service management : the ITIL foundations course in a book
Oracle9i for dummies
Curation : the power of selection in a world of excess
Project management techniques and innovations in information technology
IBM Cognos Business Intelligence 10 : the official guide
SAP BusinessObjects BI 4.0 : the complete reference
It's not the size of the data--it's how you use it : smarter marketing with analytics and dashboards
Packaged composite applications
SAP query reporting tools
Football Team Tracker System – A Web Application with Agile De-velopment Methodology
Getting started with pureQuery : a book fo the community by the community
Uncertainty and intelligent information systems
Managing science : methodology and organization of research
Enterprise content management : a business and technical guide
Advanced database systems
Often, amateur sport teams try to find an inexpensive way on how they can effectively track and manage their team. FC Tigers football team is one of them. This team has about 30  players working in the same company. The managers of this team needed a practical system to help them keeping track of players available for playing a football game every Thursday evening. The objective of this thesis consists of two parts: the practical part and the theoretical part. The practical part focuses on building a Football Team Tracker (FTT) System which is a Web Application implemented using Ruby on Rails language and Agile Development Methodology. This application aims mainly to solve the problems with managing a football team. The theoretical part focuses on testing the Feature Driven Development (FDD) Agile methodology  against what it has been said about its benefits such as detecting bugs earlier, aims  for minimizing documentation, saves you time, iterative approach and so on. The FTT application provides the basic and the most important features. Due to the lack of time the nice-to-have features and usability are left for the other developers who would like to enhance this system in the future. However, open sourcing this web application and the way this application is designed provide high scalability. So, it can be re-used for any kind of sport which requires a team commitment. One can change the banner's text of this web application and he is ready to go. As a result for the theoretical part of this project, it has been found that the features of the FDD method tested reflect, nevertheless, what has been said about its benefits. It also fits well within a small Rails project with even two developers.
Third wave project management : a handbook for managing the complex information systems for the 1990s
Kronodoc : provider of information logistics solutions
Database systems : design, implementation and management
The aim of this Bachelor's thesis was to produce for the customer a modern and interesting multimedia DVD with an interactive user interface for finding important information more easily. As background research, information organizing and challenges of information finding were studied. This thesis presents good practice hints for information organization when information is organized for others. For user interface production, different multimedia presentation programs, that offer solutions to create interactive user interface to DVD content were first compared. The challenge was to find a software program which supports different file formats and it should also give the possibility to create visually good looking user interface. The customer's requirement was also to find software that would be either low cost or totally free of charge. After the comparison of the multimedia content production software, the software for this project was chosen. The interactive user interface was created with Adobe Flash Professional CS6 with Action Script 3.0 scripting language. The DVD was primarily meant for maintenance staff use only and includes much educational material. Therefore some research into usability experiences of user interfaces which include multimedia content, and which had been designed for educational purposes, were used as guidelines in the designing process of the user interface. This thesis demonstrates how to build a multimedia presentation with Flash. The product, after hours of work, was a multimedia presentation that is easy to modify for the customer's other projects where this kind of data is available. The thesis focuses on the solutions when the content is published on DVD format but it also points out what factors should be taken into account when the distribution channel is other than DVD, for example, a tablet or a smartphone.
For undergraduate Introduction to Management Information Systems courses. Flexible modules for instructors, real-world lessons for students. Help your students see why MIS is the most important course in the business school with Experiencing MIS.
Multimedia DVD for supporting the component repairs : case: ETTEPLAN / REPAIRMAN
Enterprise architecture and information assurance : developing a secure foundation
Data mining : know it all
Managing business processes of pharmacy with a business information system
Custom SharePoint Solutions with HTML and JavaScript : for SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint online
Text information retrieval systems
Pro SharePoint 2010 business intelligence solutions
The frugal CISO : using innovation and smart approaches to maximize your security posture
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Tin Phong Sales Management System
Knowledge-based decision support systems for production optimization and quality improvement in the electronics industry
The enterprise data model : a framework for enterprise data architecture
Customs integration information management system
Accounting information systems
Case study on development process of workflow and personnel management application
DW 2.0 : the architecture for the next generation of data warehousing
The use of Content management systems by businesses, individuals, corporate and non-governmental organisations are recognized in the business and technology industries. Developers and companies are realising the advantages in the concept of free development environment for Web contents.     Content Management systems have made content publishing on the internet fast and easy. Companies want to reach out to their customers, sell their products and expertise, maximize profits and increase efficiency. All these are great advantages provided by content management systems applications.     Open source content management gives opportunities for develpoers to utilize and practise their knowledge. It also allow developers to contribute to the contribute to growing applications on the internet.     This thesis focuses on researching and examining how to build different web applica-tions with desired functionalities using both Drupal and Joomla. It contains Web ap-plications introduction, interviews and questionnaires from Drupal and Joomla experts, Definitions and argument about content management systems and Open source con-tent management systems, Drupal and Joomla analysis and guides, Sample applications to support the research, and application testing which confirm that content manage-ment applications provides functionalities that are seen in applications developed with HTML editors.     In conclusion, it can be inferred from the research and analysis of the result that Drupal and Joomla Web applications which are content management systems are secure, reliable, flexible and cost effective.
Data Warehousing Advice for Managers
Bring your own devices (BYOD) survival guide
Data harmonization and conversion handbook
FileMan : database management system : user's technical manual
The CDAtm book
"This hands-on Oracle Press guide shows, step-by-step, how to build, configure, and manage a data-backed private/hybrid cloud with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c. Written by an Oracle Certified Master and experienced author, Oracle Database Cloud Cookbook with Oracle Enterprise Manager Cloud Control 13c offers clear explanations, real-world examples, and expert tips. Find out how to consolidate server and database assets; plan and set up your cloud; deliver DBaaS, SCHaaS, and PDBaaS; use the Cloud REST API; and work with hybrid cloud configurations. Standby databases, cloud-based security, and data backup are also covered in this comprehensive resource"--
