http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18181 guards
guards
Neverwhere
The sentinel lymph node concept
The professional protection officer : practical security strategies and emerging trends
The reader : [a novel]
Feet of clay : a Discword novel
Long live the queen
The investigation
The reader
Happily ever after : companion to the Selection series
The queen is dead
KPOW, CHINK, SPLAT : translations of sound effects in seven comics
Al Capone does my shirts
The light between the oceans
The light between oceans
The rift uprising
Guardians of the galaxy : Cosmic Avengers
Shugo Chara Chan!. 2
Correctional Organization and Management : public policy challenges, behavior,and structure
The key
God save the queen
The facility
The lighthouse keeper's lunch
Nightship to China
Contemporary security management
The diary of a Gulag prison guard
Guardians of Knowhere
The Lighthouse Keeper's Cat
The lives of Christopher Chant : [the childhood of Chrestomanci]
Summary in Dutch.
Night at the museum
Guardians of the galaxy : best story ever
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard : Emperor Quill
The first book in the fast-paced action-adventure, The Rift Uprising trilogy-an enthralling mix of speculative fiction and military thriller-in which a young soldier comes to question the monsters she's trained to fight against ...and the monsters she fights for. Seventeen-year-old Ryn Whittaker is a Citadel: an elite, enhanced soldier specially chosen to guard a Rift, a mysterious and dangerous portal to alternate Earths scientists cannot control or close. Trained from the age of fourteen, Ryn can run faster, jump farther, and fight better than a Navy SEAL-which is good when you're not sure if a laser-wielding Neanderthal or an axe-wielding Viking is trying to make it through the Rift and into your world. But the teenager's military conditioning and education have not prepared her for the boy who crosses through-a confused young man, seemingly lost and alone.
The dark
Shugo Chara Chan!. 1
Big boy rules : America's mercenaries fighting in Iraq
Lithium-6
Night at the museum. 2
Shugo Chara Chan!. 4
Privatizing policing : describing and explaining the growth of private security
A cold day for a murder
Mouse guard : The black axe
The return of Zita the spacegirl
The Stanford prison experiment
Protection, security, and safeguards : practical approaches and perspectives
One snowy night
Screwed : the truth about life as a prison officer
Last of the line
The iron wyrm affair : Bannon & Claire: book one
Translating wordplay in humorous fiction : an analysis of Terry Pratchett's Guards! Guards!, Witches abroad, and The light fantastic
Guards! Guards! : a Discworld novel
Glorious isolation?
Trust in public and private policing : young people's encounters with the police and private security guards
Shugo Chara Chan!. 3
Careers in private security : how to get started, how to get ahead
The people of forever are not afraid
Prison officer training in the Nordic Countries, Estonia and Russia
Comprehensive risk analysis model for border guards : a tool for knowledge based border management
The sentinel
Guardians of the galaxy : New guard. Vol 2, Wanted
Work-related violence and its associations with psychological health : a study of Finnish police patrol officers and security guards
Bodyguards and assassins
The named
Further qualification of security guard : principles and requirements
The lighthouse keeper's picnic
Mouse guard : Winter 1152
The security handbook
Abstract. - Yhteenveto.
