http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18118 beauty
beauty
The Indian philosophy of beauty
Japan on stage : Japanese concepts of beauty as shown in the traditional theatre
Real gorgeous : the truth about body and beauty
The lighting cookbook for fashion and beauty photography : foolproof recipes for perfect portraits
On beauty
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 7, Theology : the new covenant
A guide to elegance : for every woman who wants to be well and properly dressed on all occasions
Only ever yours
'Wonder' and other essays : eight studies in aesthetics and neighbouring fields
The Cambridge handbook of the psychology of aesthetics and the arts
How to look good naked : can change your life
Within : a spiritual awakening to love & weight loss
Beauty food : eat well to look beautiful by Marie Claire
The blonde : a celebration of the golden era from Harlow to Monroe
How to be a bad bitch
100 ways for every girl to look & feel fantastic
Uplifted spirits, earthbound machines : studies on artists and the dream of flight, 1900-1935
Uncontrollable beauty : toward a new aesthetics
The first thing you see
Turning to see beauty in nature and modern life
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995), on the theme of Comparative aesthetics: cultural identity
Your London wedding. 2012 : Issue 26 November/December
Viper wine : a novel
Iniating environmentally-friendly marketing campaigns : marketing ethical cosmetics in spa-facilities
Ugly : the aesthetics of everything
Modern painters in 5 volumes. Volume 2
Beauty bound
Let's just say it wasn't pretty
The aesthetics of computer
Beauty ; Cooper Hewitt Design Triennial
Perfect bodies vs : perfectible bodies. Incorporation of media representations of beauty and sexuality inconsumer culture by high school students from Oulu in 2004
Impact of afforestation on scenic beauty of rural landscapes in West Finland
From hood to Hollywood
Stuck at the bottom of the social ladder at 'pretty much the lowest level of people at school who aren't paid to be here, ' the author decided to begin a social experiment: spend the school year following a 1950s popularity guide. This book offers readers of all ages a thoroughly contemporary example of kindness and self-confidence / WorldCat.
See for yourself : a visual guide to everyday beauty
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 5, The realm of metaphysics in the modern age
The list
Fashion, work, and politics in modern France
Beauty : the value of values
Survival of the beautiful : art, science, and evolution
Aestetics in the human environment
Being gorgeous : feminism, sexuality and the pleasures of the visual
The metaphysics of beauty
Charm school
The theory of beauty in the classical aesthetics of Japan
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 3, Studies in theological style : lay style
Aesthetics from classical Greece to the present : a short history
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 4, The realm of metaphysics in antiquity
The English roses. Book 9 : Runway rose
The beauty detox solution : eat your way to radiant skin, renewed energy, and the body you've always wanted
Women and beauty in Pompeii
What every woman should know : lifestyle lessons from the 1930s :pictures and facsimile pages from the Daily Mail
The art of the landscape
Medical tourism - benefits and risk : a guide of awareness on undergoing cosmetic procedures abroad
Functional beauty
Sport and art : an essay in the hermeneutics of sport
Wabi-Sabi for artists, designers, poets & philophers
The search for the beautiful woman : a cultural history of Japanese and Chinese beauty
Beauty : the fortunes of an ancient Greek idea
In praise of shadows
The psychology of aesthetics and the arts is dedicated to the study of our experiences of the visual arts, music, literature, film, performances, architecture and design; our experiences of beauty and ugliness; our preferences and dislikes; and our everyday perceptions of things in our world. The Cambridge Handbook of the Psychology of Aesthetics and the Arts is a foundational volume presenting an overview of the key concepts and theories of the discipline where readers can learn about the questions that are being asked and become acquainted with the perspectives and methodologies used to address them. The psychology of aesthetics and the arts is one of the oldest areas of psychology but it is also one of the fastest growing and most exciting areas.
Nigel Barker's beauty equation : revealing a better and more beautiful you
Aesthetics as phenomenology : the appearance of things
The prince's body : Vincenzo Gonzaga and Renaissance medicine
Beauty
Beauty in decay II
Meaning of beauty : a theory of aesthetics
G. E. Moore's analyses of beauty
Faces of politicians : babyfacedness predicts inferred competence but not electoral success
Only a promise of happiness : the place of beauty in a world of art
Beauty and the brain : biological aspects of aesthetics
Beauty restored
Eating for beauty : for women & men
A new theory of beauty
Theory of beauty : an introduction to aesthetics
Are you a Jackie or a Marilyn? : timeless lessons on love, power and style
The many faces of beauty
Bobbi Brown beauty evolution : a guide to a lifetime of beauty
Popular : a memoir : vintage wisdom for a modern geek
Paris by Ladurée : chic city guides
Beautiful ugly : African and diaspora aesthetics
Seiobo there below
Beastly
The symptom of beauty
Encyclopedia of the exquisite : an anecdotal history of elegant delights
The Japanese skincare revolution : how to have the most beautiful skin of your life - at any age
Beauty and business : commerce, gender, and culture in modern America
Beauty queens : a playful history
Forever chic : must-have tips on beauty and style
On the aesthetic education of man and, Letters to Prince Frederick Christian von Augustenburg
Forest aesthetics
The aesthetics of computing
Physical appearance and gender : sociobiological and sociocultural perspectives
Be beautiful : every girl's guide to hair, skin & make-up
Bellissima : feminine beauty and the idea of Italy
Cuttingedge
Secrets and mysteries: the glory and pleasure of being a woman
Voyage of the Sable Venus and other poems
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 2, Studies in theological style : clerical styles
Style & simplicity : an A to Z guide to living more beautiful life
Basic issues in aesthetics
A sight for sore eyes
The makeover in movies : before and after in Hollywood films, 1941-2002
The neon demon
Visualizing beauty : gender and ideology in modern East Asia
On the beauty of women
Philosophies of beauty : from Socrates to Robert Bridges : being the sources of aesthetic theory
Snow white & the huntsman : a novel
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 6, Theology : the old covenant
The invisible dragon : four essays on beauty
The ministry of thin : how the pursuit of perfection got out of control
The Botox book : what you need to know about America's most popular cosmetic treatment
The glory of the Lord : a theological aesthetics. Vol. 1, Seeing the form
L'art de la simplicité : how to live more with less
The sense of beauty : being the outlines of æsthetic theory
A philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful
Beauty / [edited by Dave Beech]
Color your style : how to wear your true colors
Recent research has documented that competent-looking political candidates do better in U.S. elections and that babyfaced individuals are generally perceived to be less competent than maturefaced individuals. Taken together, this suggests that babyfaced political candidates are perceived as less competent and therefore fare worse in elections. We test this hypothesis, making use of photograph-based judgments by 2,772 respondents of the facial appearance of 1,785 Finnish political candidates. Our results confirm that babyfacedness is negatively related to inferred competence in politics. Despite this, babyfacedness is either unrelated or positively related to electoral success, depending on the sample of candidates.
[G]ood, wise, just, the perfect shape" : beauty and the beautiful in some of John Milton's shorter poems and prose tracts
Six names of beauty
Mates, dates guide to life
Eating for beauty
"This book is a translation of the 1902 German text Forstästhetik by von Salisch. It represents the earliest thinking about forest aesthetics. It provides a window to the origins of the landscape architecture and forestry professions and a historical context for those seeking both beauty and income from the forest"--
Aesthetics in practice : selected contributions to the XIIIth International Congress of Aesthetics (Lahti, Finland, 1-5 August 1995). Vol 7, Comparative aesthetics : cultural identity
Polyphilo : or, the dark forest revisited : an erotic epiphany of architecture
Face value : the politics of beauty
Aesthetics : a critical anthology
The abuse of beauty : aesthetics and the concept of art
"A stunning poetry debut: this meditation on the black female figure throughout time introduces us to a brave and penetrating new voice. Robin Coste Lewis's electrifying collection is a triptych that begins and ends with lyric poems considering the roles desire and race play in the construction of the self. The central panel is the title poem, 'Voyage of the Sable Venus,' a riveting narrative made up entirely of titles of artworks from ancient times to the present-titles that feature or in some way comment on the black female figure in Western art. Bracketed by Lewis's autobiographical poems, 'Voyage' is a tender and shocking study of the fragmentary mysteries of stereotype, as it juxtaposes our names for things with what we actually see and know. Offering a new understanding of biography and the self, this collection questions just where, historically, do ideas about the black female figure truly begin-five hundred years ago, five thousand, or even longer? And what role has art played in this ancient, often heinous story? From the 'Young Black Female Carrying / a Perfume Vase' to a 'Little Brown Girl / Girl Standing in a Tree / First Day of Voluntary / School Integration,' this poet adores her culture and the beauty to be found within it. Yet she is also a cultural critic alert to the nuances of race and desire and how they define us all, including herself, as she explores her own sometimes painful history. Lewis's book is a thrilling aesthetic anthem to the complexity of race-a full embrace of its pleasure and horror, in equal parts." from publisher's website
The happy owls
Size sexy : how to look good, feel good and be happy - at any size
The power of beauty
On beauty and being just
Aesthetic order : a philosophy of order, beauty and art
Beauty's appeal : measure and excess
For a woman in the Western world, there is no escaping beauty. Either she possesses it, or she lacks it. If she lacks it, she may hope to gain it. If she already has it, she will certainly lose it. But what is 'it'? Not an objective thing, Francette Pacteau tells us, but a generic term for an unspecifiable number of psychological experiences in the mind of the observer. What these experiences are, what causes them, and how they manifest themselves as a notion of beauty is the subject of this book. Less interested in the contingent object of desire than the fantasy that frames it, Pacteau considers the staging of the aesthetic emotion. Her analysis extends from the Classical ideals of beauty, through Renaissance poetry to the recent formulations of Hollywood. Her book is an ambitious attempt to describe the mise-en-scene of beauty within a particular field of representations that of the beauty of a woman.
Beauty in history : society, politics and personal appearance c. 1500 to the present
The temple of the golden pavilion
