http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18184 Sephardim
Sephardim
The sultan's Jew : Morocco and the Sephardi world
Folktales of the Jews. Volume 1, Tales from the Sephardic dispersion
Sephardic Jewry and Mizrahi Jews
Sephardism : Spanish Jewish history and the modern literary imagination
Judeo-Spanish ballads from oral tradition. 1, Epic ballads
The expulsion of the Jews from Spain
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 1 / Departures and changes
Sephardi and Middle Eastern Jewries : history and culture in the modern era
German Jewry and the allure of the Sephardic
From Iberia to diaspora : studies in Sephardic history and culture
The Conversos and Moriscos in early modern Spain and beyond. v. 2 / The Morisco issue
After expulsion : 1492 and the making of Sephardic Jewry
Becoming Ottomans : Sephardi Jews and imperial citizenship in the modern era
Sephardic Jews in America : a diasporic history
"This book traces the history of early seventeenth-century Portuguese Sephardic traders who settled in two communities on Senegal's Petite Côte. There, they lived as public Jews, under the spiritual guidance of a rabbi sent to them by the newly established Portuguese Jewish community in Amsterdam. In Senegal, the Jews were protected from agents of the Inquisition by local Muslim rulers. The Petite Côte communities included several Jews of mixed Portuguese-African heritage as well as African wives, offspring, and servants. The blade weapons trade was an important part of their commercial activities. These merchants participated marginally in the slave trade but fully in the arms trade, illegally supplying West African markets with swords. This blade weapons trade depended on artisans and merchants based in Morocco, Lisbon, and northern Europe and affected warfare in the Sahel and along the Upper Guinea Coast. After members of these communities moved to the United Provinces around 1620, they had a profound influence on relations between black and white Jews in Amsterdam. The study not only discovers previously unknown Jewish communities but by doing so offers a reinterpretation of the dynamics and processes of identity construction throughout the Atlantic world"--Provided by publisher.
Farewell España : the world of the Sephardim remembered
The familiarity of strangers : the Sephardic diaspora, Livorno, and cross-cultural trade in the early modern period
Remembering Sepharad : Jewish culture in Medieval Spain : Washington National Cathedral, May 9-June 8, 2003
An alternative path to modernity : the sephardi diaspora in Western Europe
Sephardic identity : essays on a vanishing Jewish culture
Sarajevo rose : a Balkan Jewish notebook
"In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, as German Jews struggled for legal emancipation and social acceptance, they also embarked on a program of cultural renewal, two key dimensions of which were distancing themselves from their fellow Ashkenazim in Poland and giving a special place to the Sephardim of medieval Spain. Where they saw Ashkenazic Jewry as insular and backward, a result of Christian persecution, they depicted the Sephardim as worldly, morally and intellectually superior, and beautiful, products of the tolerant Muslim environment in which they lived. In this elegantly written book, John Efron looks in depth at the special allure Sephardic aesthetics held for German Jewry.Efron examines how German Jews idealized the sound of Sephardic Hebrew and the Sephardim's physical and moral beauty, and shows how the allure of the Sephardic found expression in neo-Moorish synagogue architecture, historical novels, and romanticized depictions of Sephardic history. He argues that the shapers of German-Jewish culture imagined medieval Iberian Jewry as an exemplary Jewish community, bound by tradition yet fully at home in the dominant culture of Muslim Spain. Efron argues that the myth of Sephardic superiority was actually an expression of withering self-critique by German Jews who, by seeking to transform Ashkenazic culture and win the acceptance of German society, hoped to enter their own golden age.Stimulating and provocative, this book demonstrates how the goal of this aesthetic self-refashioning was not assimilation but rather the creation of a new form of German-Jewish identity inspired by Sephardic beauty"--
Diasporas within a diaspora : Jews, Crypto-Jews, and the world of maritime empires (1540-1740)
Ritual medical lore of Sephardic women : sweetening the spirits, healing the sick
Jews in an Iberian frontier kingdom : society, economy, and politics in Morvedre, 1248-1391
Jews, Christians, and Muslims in the Mediterranean world after 1492
Foundations of Sephardic spirituality : the inner life of Jews of the Ottoman Empire
The road from Babylon : the story of Sephardi and oriental Jews
Sephardisches Liederbuch : 51 judenspanische lieder = The Sehardic songbook : 51 Judeo-Spanish songs
The Sephardic frontier : the reconquista and the Jewish community in medieval Iberia
"These essays are divided into sections exploring history, sociology, anthropology, language, literature, and the performing arts. An introduction to Sephardism begins the work and a conclusion discusses the Sephardic Education Center, which hopes to assure the culture's future"--Provided by publisher.
Sephardi Jewry : a history of the Judeo-Spanish community, 14th-20th centuries
The forgotten diaspora : Jewish communities in West Africa and the making of the Atlantic world
