http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18156 economic geology
economic geology
The geology and tectonic settings of China's mineral deposits
Undersaturated alkaline rocks : mineralogy, petrogenesis, and economic potential
Magmatic sulfide deposits : geology, geochemistry and exploration
Metals and society : an introduction to economic geology
The Caledonian geology and the Zn-Pb-Cu sulphide deposits of the Jofjället area, Västerbotten county, Sweden
Economic geology : principles and practice : metals, minerals, coal and hydrocarbons - introduction to formation and sustainable exploitation of mineral deposits
Geoparks and geotourism : new approaches to sustainability for the 21st century
Ore mineralogy and host-rock geochemistry of the Cu-Rautuvaara iron oxide copper-gold deposit, Kolari, Finland
Summary: Svecokarelian porphyry-type molybdenum and copper occurrences in southern Finland: their granitoid host rocks and lithogeochemical exploration.
Economic geology : one hundredth anniversary volume : 1905-2005
One Hundred Ways of Seeing an Unequal World
Economic deposits and their tectonic setting
Ore textures : recognition and interpretation
GTK Consortium Geological Surveys in Mozambique 2002-2007
Principles of field and mining geology
Economic geology research. Vol. 1, 1999-2000
Our mineral resources : an elementary textbook in economic geology
Geomorphological mapping : methods and applications
Mineral resource estimation
Mineral resource estimation has changed considerably in the past 25 years: geostatistical techniques have become commonplace and continue to evolve; computational horsepower has revolutionized all facets of numerical modeling; mining and processing operations are often larger; and uncertainty quantification is becoming standard practice. Recent books focus on historical methods or details of geostatistical theory. So there is a growing need to collect and synthesize the practice of modern mineral resource estimation into a book for undergraduate students, beginning graduate students, and young geologists and engineers. It is especially fruitful that this book is written by authors with years of relevant experience performing mineral resource estimation and with years of relevant teaching experience. This comprehensive textbook and reference fills this need.
Mineral sands in Asia and the Pacific
The measure of civilisation : how social development decides the fate of nations
Extensive descriptions of a wide range of key or world-class mineral deposits of China are presented in the context of the countrys general geology, tectonic units and mineral systems and their geodynamic evolution within the tectonic framework of the Asian continent. This comprehensive overview, incorporating the latest geological concepts, is the first such coverage written in English by a western expert, and will be of benefit to mineral explorers and miners, as well as to research scientists and students in institutions of higher education. In his compilation of this compendium of Chinese geology and mineral systems, Franco Pirajno draws on first-hand knowledge of Chinas geology and mineral deposits gained in numerous field visits and research projects with Chinese colleagues from various academic institutions over the past 18 years.First time that a western-based book on Chinas geology and mineral deposits is published Appropriate for use by the mineral exploration industry Modern English-language geological and mineral deposits information on China Most useful to Western (and Chinese) geoscientists.
Humanity's ever-increasing hunger for mineral raw materials, caused by a growing global population and ever increasing standards of living, has resulted in economic geology becoming a subject of urgent importance. This book provides a broad panorama of mineral deposits, covering their origin and geological characteristics, the principles of the search for ores and minerals, and the investigation of newly found deposits. Practical and environmental issues that arise during the life cycle of a mine and after its closure are addressed, with an emphasis on sustainable and "green" mining. The central scientific theme of the book is to place the extraordinary variability of mineral deposits in the frame of fundamental geological processes. The book is written for earth science students and practicing geologists worldwide. Professionals in administration, resource development, mining, mine reclamation, metallurgy, and mineral economics will also find the text valuable.
On borrowed time? : assessing the threat of mineral depletion
Oil and natural gas resources in the ESCAP region : geology, reserves, production, potential, distribution
Hydrothermal alteration and host rock characteristics of the Rautuoja iron oxide-copper-gold deposit
Sedimentary petrography : with special reference to petrographic methods of correlation of strata, petroleum technology and other economic applications of geology
Hydrothermal mineral deposits : principles and fundamental concepts for the exploration geologist
