http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18135 marine insurance
marine insurance
Main engine damage : what can we learn from costs of USD 55,745,838?
From our UK P&I Club we have received the Director's Report & Finncial Statements 1997 for the year ended 20th February, 1997 : the following is a précis of the Chairman's Statement
Rules and list of correspondents and medical representatives ; The West of England Mutual War Risks Association, Limite : rules
The law of international trade
The carrier's unlimited liability in unimodal and multimodal transport
Gard handbook on P&I insurance
International logistics
Insurance and cartels through wars and depressions : Swedish marine insurance and reinsurance between the world wars
Marine insurance. Vol. 1, Principles and basic practice
Gard guidance to masters
Marine insurance Vol. 1 : principles & basic practice
Sö-assurance : en veiledningf for handlende, skibsredere og söfarende
Gard guidance on bills of lading
Statutes
General rules and regulations prescribed by the Board of Supervising Inspectors as amended at Board meeting of January, 1931 : ocean and coastwise
Sampo switch shakes Finnish P&I pot
General average : law and practice
Reeds Marine Insurance is aimed at all those who have little or no experience of marine or any other form of insurance working within the maritime transport field. Ideal for cargo operators, port managers, ship brokers, and shipping transport managers, it will also be invaluable for students on maritime law, sea transport and shipping courses and for those studying marine insurance as part of a maritime management course. It is designed to take the reader from the basics through to a competent level of understanding on the subject . It includes the main principles underlying marine insurance.
Warranties in marine insurance
P&I and environmental damage
Introduction to Greek law
New carriage of goods by sea : the Nordic approach including comparisons with some other jurisdictions
The institute clauses
Analysis of marine insurance clauses. Book 1, The institute cargo clauses 1982
The Northern Sea route : a traffic potential study
Marine insurance market buffeted by ill winds
The legal framework of the international safety management code and its role in Hull insurance (Ships)
Lees' laws of British shipping and of marine assurance
Anchor and balance : det norske Veritas 1864-1989
Marine insurance Vol. 3 : Hull Practice
Finlands affärsfirmor = Suomen liiketoiminimet = Finnish business firms. 2-4, Åbo ; Tampere ; Viipuri
Chalmers' marine insurance act 1906
Legal and documentary aspects of the marine insurance contract : report
Hazard unlimited : the story of Lloyd's of London
The modern law of marine insurance. Volume 3
Analysis of marine insurance clauses
Commercial management for shipmasters : a practical guide
For centuries, warranties have played a significant role in the law of marine insurance and in this book Baris Soyer offers a comprehensive and authoritative examination of warranties in marine insurance. The book sets out the current law on marine insurance warranties as well as exploring the legal remedies available when a marine insurance warranty is breached. The third edition is brought up to date with significant discussion of recent case law including: Kosmar Villa Holidays v. Trustees of Syndicate; Pratt v Aigaion Insurance Co; Argo Systems FZE v. Liberty Insurance (Pte); The Buana Dua, The Princess of the Stars, The Nancy, and Garnat Trading & Shipping (Singapore) Pte Ltd v. Baominh Insurance Corporation with a view to identifying their impact on established legal principles. The third edition also goes on to evaluate the impact of the changes that will be introduced in this area by the Insurance Act 2015. This Act will alter the warranty regime significantly but it is also expected to have an impact on other risk alteration clauses such as condition precedents, suspensory warranties and exclusion clauses. This book is essential reading for postgraduate students and academics in international commercial law and marine insurance law as well as insurers and legal practitioners.
Chalmers' marine insurance act, 1906
Changes all around in marine insurance
A handy book for shipowners and masters
Marine claims handbook
Law of Marine Insurance
The principles of marine insurance : a primer
Ships that go bump in the night
Legal implications of the ISM code
Cases and materials on marine insurance law
Two per cent of marine claims account for 72 per cent of costs
Protection and indemnity
A guide to marine hull insurance claims
London Steam-Ship Owners' Mutual Insurance Association Limited : rules of and entries in class 5. - the protecting, class 6. - the idemnity, class 7. - war risks
Bills of lading
Marine insurance : the law in transition
Skuld insurer reorganizes
Reeds marine insurance
Conflict spirals over the Athens protocol
Investment performance strengthens UK Club
Marine insurance : a view from London in 1999
The London Underwriting Centre : Lloyd's List special supplment
Introduction to P & I
Norwegian cargo insurance
In the public eye
Warranties in Marine Insurance
Legal and documentary aspects of the French and Latin American marine insurance legal regimes : report
The mariner's guide to marine insurance
Committee and managers : class IV - Protection and indemnitb freight, demurrage and defence ..
Pohjola moves into fast lane with new team
Provides in-depth guidance on the agreements involved in the construction of ships, rigs and other offshore vessels and structures. It will equip marine construction lawyers with a one-stop reference on all aspects of the modern shipbuilding and offshore engineering contracts and for dealing effectively with the problems that may arise. Written by a team of expert practitioners from Keating Chambers, the book: Examines the main standard form agreements used in marine construction, including the SAJ, BIMCO, the Norwegian 2000, AWES as well as LOGIC and FIDIC. Looks at the documents required for creation of a marine construction contract e.g specifications, drawings, programmes of work. Discusses the general rules of formation and construction of offshore construction contracts, including commonly found implied terms and limitation clauses. Covers Changes to contract terms and considerations that need to be made from contractor and buyer’s perspectives. Covers Changes to contract terms, and differences in approach between standard shipbuilding and engineering contracts. Analyses in detail all the issues surrounding Time in contracts, the obligations, delay and extensions. Looks at Payment, including potential extra payments, permissible delay and damages. Considers the rights and obligations of parties following contractual or common law termination. Deal with guarantees, bonds and insurance. Covers the dispute resolution frameworks used in international shipbuilding contracts, including litigation in the Commercial or Technology and Construction Court, and ADR. Examines the growing influence of land based construction case law, and provides in-depth commentary of relevant authorities.
Enforcement of maritime claims
Dictionary of marine insurance terms and clauses
Keating on offshore construction and marine engineering contracts
Gard guidance on maritime claims and insurance
The Swedish Club over 125 years
Carriage of goods by sea, land and air : unimodal and multimodal transport in the 21st century
Regulations
