http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18188 repetition of an offence
repetition of an offence repeated offence
Managers in Russia : still so different?
Children and cross-examination : time to change the rules?
Top of the lake
The criminal life-cycle : an argument for selective deterrence
No evidence of specific deterrence under penal moderation : imprisonment and recidivism in Finland
Statistical linkage of stranger rapes using offence features
Criminal careers in transition : the social context of desistance from crime
The scarlet letter
West of Memphis
Died in the wool
Despite significant accomplishments over the past 35 years, antiviolence activists know that justice for most abused women remains elusive. Most victims do not call the police or seek help from the courts, making it crucial to identify new ways for survivors to find justice. This path-breakting book examines new justice pracitves for victims that are being used in the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. These informal, dialogue-based practices, referred to as "restorative justice", seek to decrease the role of the state in responding to crime, and increase the involvement of communities in meeting the needs of victims and offenders. Restorative justice is most commonly used to address youth crimes and is generally not recommended or disallowed for cases of rape, domestic violence, and child sexual abuse. Nevertheless, restorative practices are beginning to be used to address violent crime ... (Quelle: Text Verlag / Verlag).
Making good : how ex-convicts reform and rebuild their lives
The scarlet letter : a romance
From swords to sorrow : homicide and suicide in early modern Stockholm
The voice of the spirits : a commandant De Palma investigation
Contemporary popular writers
The strange death of Fiona Griffiths
Serial murder and the psychology of violent crimes
Essays on Halakhah in the New Testament
Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900
Ciphers in the sand : interpretations of the woman taken in adultery (John 7.53-8.11)
The racketeer
Criminal recidivism : explanation, prediction and prevention
Serious offenders : a historical study of habitual criminals
The ghost
Criminal evidence and human rights : reimagining common law procedural traditions
Restorative justice in context : international practice and directions
The luminaries
Comparative histories of crime
The Racketeer
Risk factors for drunk driving : results from a long-term study in Uusimaa in Finland 1990-2008
Summary.
Computer crimes and digital investigations
Case histories
Restorative justice and violence against women
Persistent criminals : a study of all offenders liable to preventive detention in 1956
The Luminaries : a novel
The ghost : a novel
Abstract : Morality, crime and social control in Europe 1500-1900.
Recidivism among problem drinking : DWI-offenders in Finland
Incarceration for crimes never committed
Swedish young offenders in community-based rehabilitative programmes : patterns of antisocial behaviour, mental health, and recidivism
Death by water
The big white
The Luminaries
