http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18155 Celtic languages
Celtic languages
The illustrated Gaelic-English dictionary : to which is prefixed A concise Gaelic grammar
Dafydd ap Gwilym and the European context
Y geiriadur mawr = the complete Welsh-English English-Welsh dictionary
Literacy in medieval Celtic societies
Myth in Celtic literatures
A definitive reconstructed text of the Coligny calendar
Colloquial Irish : the complete course for beginners
Celtic linguistics = Ieithyddiaeth Geltaidd : readings in the Brytonic languages : Festschrift for T. Arwyn Watkins
Proceedings of the Fifth Symposium of Societas Celtologica Nordica
Cornish today : an examination of the revived language
Temporal deixis in Welsh and Breton
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 2, Archaelogia Britannica
Explaining the innovations of Middle English : What, where, and why
The Scots word book
Celtic connections : proceedings of the 10th International Congress of Celtic Studies. Vol. 1, Language, literature, history, culture
The syntax of the Celtic languages : a comparative perspective
Societas Celtologica Nordica : proceedings of inaugural meeting and first symposium, 26 May 1990 at Uppsala University
The Celtic languages in contact : papers from the workshop withing the framework of the XIII International Congress of Celtic Studies, Bonn, 26 - 27 July 2007
The development of Celtic linguistics, 1850-1900.. Vol. 5, Celtic studies
A pronouncing Gaelic-English dictionary
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 6, The eastern origin of the Celtic nations
An introduction to the Celtic languages
The Celtic realms
The development of Celtic linguistics, 1850-1900.. Vol. 3, Gomer, parts I and II
Studies in medieval language and culture
Ancient Celtic place-names in Europe and Asia Minor
The decline of the Celtic languages : a study of linguistic and cultural conflict in Scotland, Wales and Ireland from the reformation to the twentieth century
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 4, Remains of Japhet
Allerlei Keltisches : Studien zu Ehren von Erich Poppe = Studies in honour of Erich Poppe
Seven types of Celtic loanword
The significances of Celtic place-names in England
Anaphora in Celtic and universal grammar
The Celtic Englishes. 3
A grammar of modern Breton
Studia Celtica Fennica II : essays in honour of Anders Ahlqvist
Geiriadur Prifysgol Cymru = A dictionary of the Welsh language. Cyfrol 4, S-Zwinglïaidd
Celtic influences in English : a re-evaluation
Celtic word-formation : the velar suffixes
The Celtic roots of English
The development of Celtic linguistics, 1850-1900.. Vol. 1, Grammatica Celtica, volume I
Celtiberian inscriptions
A grammar of Old Irish
Donum grammaticum : studies in Latin and Celtic linguistics in honour of Hannah Rosén
A Gaelic grammar : containing the parts of speech and the general principles of phonology and etymology with a chapter on proper and place names
Celtic language, Celtic culture : a Festschrift for Eric P. Hamp
The Celtic inscriptions of Britain : phonology and chronology, c. 400-1200
Old Irish -icc, -ucci
The rise and fall of British Latin : Evidence from English and Brittonic
Welsh : a complete course for beginners
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 3, The origin of language and nations
The development of Celtic linguistics, 1850-1900.. Vol. 6, On the study of Celtic literature
Miscellanea celtica in memoriam Heinrich Wagner
Selections cover Celtic hero-tales and adventure stories, nature writings, love poetry, epigrams, magic, humor, satire, bardic poetry, elegies, religion.
Celtic folk-tales from Armorica
Early contacts between English and the Celtic languages
Celtic and other indo-european languages
Parallels between Celtic and Slavic : proceedings of the First International Collocuium of Societas Celto-Slavica held at the University of Ulster, Coleraine, 19-21 June 2005
A Celtic miscellany : translations from the Celtic literatures
The Celtic Englishes
Postvocalic s in insular Celtic
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 1, The antiquities of nations
Celtic voices, English places : studies of the Celtic impact on place-names in England
Proceedings of the Seventh Symposium of Societas Celtologica Nordica
Sages, saints and storytellers : Celtic studies in honour of professor James Carney
Rhetoric and reality in medieval Celtic literature : studies in honor of Daniel F. Melia
Celtic : a comparative study of the six Celtic languages: Irish, Gaelic, Manx, Welsh, Cornish, Breton seen against the background of their history, literature, and destiny
The Celtic languages
Celtic linguistics, 1700-1850. Vol. 5, Celtic researches
On the origin of the Celts
Proceedings of the Third Symposium of Societas Celtologica Nordica held in Oslo 1-2 November 1991
The Celtic world : critical concepts in historical studies. Volume 4, Celtic linguistics
Proceedings of the Eighth Symposium of Societas Celtologica Nordica
On the origins of the Celts
The Celtic Englishes. 4, The interface between English and the Celtic languages : proceedings of the fourth International Colloquium on the "Celtic Englishes" held at the University of Potsdam in Golm (Germany) from 22-26 September 2004
Studies in Celtic sound changes and their chronology
Gaelic in Scotland 1698-1981 : the geographical history of a language
The Galatian language : a comprehensive survey of the language of the ancient Celts in Greco-Roman Asia Minor
The Celtic Englishes. 2
Semitic -> Celtic -> English : The transitivity of language contact
Celtic ideas of plants
The development of Celtic linguistics, 1850-1900.. Vol. 4, Lectures on Welsh philology
Aspects of the poetry of Dafydd ap Gwilym : collected papers
Foclóir Gaedilge agus béarla : an Irish-English dictionary : being a thesaurus of the words, pharases and idioms of the modern Irish language
The Celtic elements in Devon place-names
