http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18148 FOCUS (application generators)
FOCUS (application generators)
Absolutt installasjon : [Museet for samtidskunst, Oslo], 14. januar 2011 - 15. januar 2012 / [redaksjon: Ahnikee Østreng (red), Randi Godø] ; [tekster = texts: Gavin Jantjes ... [et al.]]
Analyzing & reporting focus group results
On information structure, meaning and form : generalizations across languages
Doing focus groups and interviews with recent migrants to Northern Ireland : a dynamic interplay of ethics, language and access
Focus and secondary predication
Prominence : acoustic and lexical/syntactic correlates
Topic-focus articulation, tripartite structures, and semantic content
Information structure, or the way the information in a sentence is 'divided' into categories such as topic, focus, comment, background, and old versus new information, is one of the most widely debated topics in linguistics. This volume incorporates exciting work on the relationship between syntax and information structure. The contributors are united in rejecting accounts that assume designated syntactic positions associated with specific information-structural interpretations, and aim instead to derive information-structural conditions on word order and other phenomena from the way syntax and syntax-external systems interact. Beyond this shared aim, the authors of the various chapters advocate a number of approaches, based on different types of data (syntactic, semantic, phonological/phonetic) from a range of languages. The book is aimed at specialists in syntax and/or information structure, as well as students and linguists in related fields keen to familiarise themselves with current issues in this fascinating area of research.
The graveyards repost
Sense and sensitivity : how focus determines meaning
This case study specifically examines the use of focus groups with young people as part of a mixed-methods research project. Through reflecting on the reasons for using this method, and two of the main issues associated with using focus groups in this study, it highlights both the value and limitations of conducting research in this way. It particulary examines conducting focus groups within a school setting, and getting young people to take part in focus groups. The case study concludes with a reflection upon the value of including focus groups as a research method as part of a wider study investigating the consumption of counterfeit fashion goods.
Using focus groups to study African American wine consumers
The market research toolbox : a concise guide for beginners
Abstract.
Stressing the interaction of the moderator and group as well as the mechanics of designing, conducting and interpreting the outcome of focus groups, this work provides a systematic treatment of focus group interviews within the context of social science research and theory.
Brush up your grammar : a teaching material package for a prepatory course of English
Starting with a reconstruction of the debate on triangulation and its purposes in social sciences, this case seeks to clarify the technique of triangulation by conducting a critical analysis of the goals of integrating different data-collection instruments. In the second part, a practical example of integration between two research techniques is given: surveys and focus groups. By applying this triangulation to an investigation on the perception of juvenile deviance, it is possible to identify the advantages and limitations of this strategy.
Art : 21 : art in the twenty-first century. season six
Contrasts and Positions in Information Structure
Prevention of HIV/AIDS among young people, from a gender perspective in Mexico : internal evaluation report 2001
Objects and Information Structure
"In many languages, the objects of transitive verbs are either marked by grammatical case or agreement on the verb, or they remain unmarked: this is differential object marking. This book is a cross-linguistic study of how differential object marking is affected by information structure, the structuring of the utterance in accordance with the informational value of its elements and contextual factors. Marked objects tend to be associated with old information or information that the sentence is about, while unmarked objects tend to express new information. The book also sheds light on grammatical patterning in languages with differential object marking: in some languages marked and unmarked objects have identical grammatical properties, whereas in other languages marked objects are more active in syntax. Finally, it provides a theory of the historical changes that lead to the emergence of various patterns of differential object marking"--Provided by publisher.
Cancer patients' participation in decision-making about treatment and nursing care
The grounded theory method, popular perceptions of party leaders : popular perceptions of party leaders during the 2010 British General Election
'Qualitative Election Study of Britain' was a qualitative investigation into people's political attitudes before and after their vote choice for the 2010 general election. This research provides a close examination of the leaders evaluation component of this much larger study to present recommendations for good research design.
Focus groups : from structured interviews to collective conversations
Coreference, modality, and focus : studies on the syntax-semantics interface
Using focus groups with outsider and insider approaches : preparation, process, and reflections
Focus group methodology : principles and practices
[Abstract]: Interprofessional collaboration and collaborative competence in supporting the physical functional capacity of older people in home care from the point of view of home care professionals.
Focus groups as qualitative research
The perception of deviant behaviours by young people : triangulating survey and focus group data
"Sense and Sensitivity advances a novel research proposal in the nascent field of formal pragmatics, exploring in detail the semantics and pragmatics of focus in natural language discourse.The authors develop a new account of focus sensitivity, and show that what has hitherto been regarded as a uniform phenomenon in fact results from three different mechanisms."--BOOK JACKET.
The graveyards report
Ford Focus diesel : owners workshop manual
An introductory text which leads readers through the entire process of designing a focus group study, from conducting interviews and analyzing data to presenting the findings. The author presents clear, practical advice in simple terms which will be appropriate for undergraduate and postgraduate students who are undertaking research.
Comparative and contrastive studies of information structure
This volume addresses the key issues and practical requirements of the social researcher using focus groups. It also gives guidance on virtual focus groups on the Internet, a new and growing research medium.
Relationship analysis : proposals for analysing relationship dynamics in focus groups
Indiewood, USA : where Hollywood meets independent cinema
Professionals' experiences with Open Dialogues with young people's social networks : identity, role and teamwork : a qualitative study
Focus structure in generative grammar : an integrated syntactic, semantic, and intonational approach
With a summary in Swedish.
Bizarre repertoire by Cardiff winner
Finnish juuri and just : varieties of contextual uniqueness
Focus groups in social research
In this book, Nomi Erteschik-Shir develops a new theory of focus structure, integrating insights from syntax, semantics, phonology and pragmatics. She explores the role of focus structure in grammar, examining the interface between focus structure and syntax, the semantics of focus structure and the intonation associated with it. Dr Shir defines a grammatical level of f-structure (focus structure) which is an annotated s-structure in which topic and focus constituents are marked. F-structure feeds both PF (Phonological Form) and semantics and is sensitive to lexical information. Dr Shir argues that f-structure and not LF (Logical Form) is the input to a semantic rule of predication. One of the major results of Dr Shir's analysis is that wh-movement turns out to be subject to the same constraint which accounts for anaphora and other subject–object asymmetries.
Broad and international in scope, Advanced Focus Group Research introduces a conceptual framework that can help researchers make informed decisions about how to plan and implement a focus group research project.
Focus groups : theory and practice
This case describes a qualitative social science research project that was conducted in 2009 and that examined the experiences of recent migrants to Northern Ireland. While background to the research and key findings are presented, the topic forms a backdrop to the case. The following aspects of the study are presented: the theoretical context; formulating the research question, design and methodology; key methodological issues; data collection and analysis; project dissemination; and research funding and reporting.
The grammar of focus
Accessibly written, this text provides a picture of focus group moderation and interaction based on the study of what actually happens in high-class focus groups, and uses recent theories of interaction such as discourse and conversation analyses to throw light on the practice of moderation.
Subjects and Universal Grammar : An Explanatory Theory
Thomas Greenbaum discusses how the effectiveness of focus groups is conditional on the effectiveness of the moderators, the techniques they use, the facilities they have and the control they achieve on the ever-escalating costs of research.
The 'subject' of a sentence is a concept that presents great challenges to linguists. Most languages have something which looks like a subject, but subjects differ across languages in their nature and properties, making them an interesting phenomenon for those seeking linguistic universals. This pioneering volume addresses 'subject' nature from a simultaneously formal and typological perspective. Dividing the subject into two distinct grammatical functions, it shows how the nature of these functions explains their respective properties, and argues that the split in properties shown in 'ergative' languages (whereby the subject of intransitive verbs is marked as an object) results from the functions being assigned to different elements of the clause. Drawing on data from a typologically wide variety of languages, including English, Hebrew, Tagalog, Inuit and Acehnese, it explains why, even in the case of very different languages, certain core properties can be found.
This widely-cited book offers a unique blend of theory and practice in a single, easy-to-read source. It provides a systematic treatment of the design, conduct, and interpretation of focus group data within the context of social science research and theory.
Focus groups : a practical guide for applied research
Breaking rules : generating and exploring alternatives in language teaching
In winter 2011, Hormel traveled to 12 communities located throughout the state of Idaho to moderate focus groups with teachers, parents of kindergarten-to-12th-grade (K-12) students, and community members with no children in K-12 education. The focus groups were conducted the first year of a 5-year study using multiple methods to explore the cultural factors shaping Idahoans' experiences with, and perceptions of, science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education and fields.
Gender equality and health experiences : workplace patterns in Northern Sweden
"Art in the Twenty-First Century" Season Six includes 13 profiles of artists from five continents gathered into four, one-hour thematic episodes: Change, Balance, History and Boundaries. Spanning the globe from Nigeria to New York City, from Beijing to Brazil, the programs reveal the artists at work and speaking in their own words as they demonstrate the power of art to alter perception, challenge convention, and change how we see the world around us.
Developing focus group research : politics, theory and practice
This extensively revised edition of Focus Groups as Qualitative Research reflects the many changes that have occurred in the study of focus groups in recent years.
Focus group practice
Unique focus : languages without multiple wh-questions
Design research in information systems : theory and practice
Ford Focus : service and repair manual
Degrees of explicitness : information structure and the packaging of Bulgarian subjects and objects
Doing focus groups
Focus group methodology : principles and practice
Focus group : evaluation of substance abuse treatment program
When carrying out research, the analysis of data collected from focus groups is assimilated into the analysis of data from individual interviews. By making this choice, we risk losing sight of the characteristics of the information gained from focus groups, and its relational and dialogical dimensions. In fact, it's almost impossible to talk about data derived from focus groups without considering what lies at the root of this tool, that is, the dialogue between the social actors, the processes involved in the collective construction of assertions and the negotiation of meanings. This study presents a proposal for the relationship analysis of information and, through the use of social psychology and sociograms, shows how it is possible to carry out an analysis of the interaction and of individual and group behaviour that underlines the social character of data collected using focus group techniques.
'Developing Focus Group Research' critically examines the potential of a versatile and powerful method of research - focus groups.
Open Dialogues in social networks: Professional identity
While target market segmentation is one of the most fundamental and celebrated concepts in marketing, targeting at-risk ethnic minorities with products considered harmful is simultaneously viewed as unethical, bordering on criminal. At the same time, it appears that minority wine consumers may feel ignored by wine marketers, distributors, and producers, despite the fact that ethnic minorities (African Americans, along with Asians and Hispanics) are the fastest-growing market segment in the United States. This study characterises this phenomenon as a case of the market segment 'peering through the looking glass' (a reference to Alice in the classic tale 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland', and her desire to be on the other side of a mirror or looking glass).
'Doing Focus Groups' provides practical advice on planning and organizing successful groups. Rose Barbour discusses the advantages and limitations of using group discussion and demonstrates effective methods for collecting and analysing data.
Factors Influencing Consumer Behavior of Smartphone Users
This case study presents the employment of focus group interviews in a doctoral research project, dealing with the preparation, process, and reflections related to using focus groups from both outsider and insider approaches.
Concepts of healthy life and stress among recent immigrants -a focus group study
WRC : the Focus era : the history of the 97 cars built by M-SPORT from Rally Monte Carlo 1999 to Rally GB 2010
The handbook for focus group research
The elements of effective student nurse mentorship in placement learning environments : systematic review and Finnish and British mentors' conceptions
Focus group interviews in education and psychology
A team of researchers was asked to evaluate a program model that treats individuals with substance use disorders. We decided to conduct a series of focus group with the clients to inquire about their motivation for using this program and their experience in the program. In all, we conducted three groups, and this case study reports on one. Focus groups are an important tool in evaluation research, and this case study explains the method we used and reasons for conducing it in that manner. It also includes information about focus groups in general.
A field of research rediscovered
Focus groups in action : problems of purposeful sampling and group composition when initiating research from afar
Focus and coherence in discourse processing
Context-dependence in the analysis of linguistic meaning
Using focus groups to explore young people's perceptions of fashion counterfeiting : developing a criminological understanding of the consumption of counterfeit fashion goods
The handbook of online and social media research : tools and techniques for market researchers
Ford Focus : [1998 to 2001 (S to Y registration) petrol & diesel] : service and repair manual
Finnish skin care market analysis : consumer behavior in Finnish skin care markets
Moderating focus groups : a practical guide for group facilitation
Data collection methods : semi-structured interviews and focus groups
"The entire range of facilitation techniques is covered in this handbook, from pre-session tips in participant recruitment to post-session reporting. Moderating Focus Groups covers all the fundamentals of successful group facilitation, and also includes advanced techniques, such as managing group dynamics, energizing a tired group, and digging deeper into the minds of participants. Greenbaum also goes beyond the basics with chapters on how to build a business moderating focus groups, and how to price moderating services." "While this book is particularly aimed at the needs of focus group practitioners, there is plenty of advice that will benefit anyone who conducts in-depth interviews or group facilitation. Additionally, the many people who hire moderators to facilitate their sessions will benefit from this book because it will provide them with insights on how to evaluate their moderators' work."--BOOK JACKET.
Ford Focus : owners workshop manual
The dynamics of focus structure
International focus group research : a handbook for the health and social sciences
Shifting the focus : from static structures to the dynamics of interpretation
The use of contrastive focus by high-functioning children with autism
Objects and information structure
In this book the authors describe the specific steps to take in order to conduct focus groups in education and psychological settings. The reader is shown how to prepare for a focus group create a moderator's guide and analyse the results.
The research question at the core of this study examined how people in Britain perceived the leaders of the three main political parties. To answer this question, the authors collected data from 14 focus groups held during and after the 2010 election campaign in the three nations of Britain.
Focus strategies in African languages : the interaction of focus and grammar in Niger-Congo and Afro-Asiatic
The Dynamics of Focus Structure
Subjects and universal grammar : an explanatory theory
In many languages, the objects of transitive verbs are either marked by grammatical case or agreement on the verb, or they remain unmarked: this is differential object marking. This book is a cross-linguistic study of how differential object marking is affected by information structure, the structuring of the utterance in accordance with the informational value of its elements and contextual factors. Marked objects tend to be associated with old information or information that the sentence is about, while unmarked objects tend to express new information. The book also sheds light on grammatical patterning in languages with differential object marking: in some languages marked and unmarked objects have identical grammatical properties, whereas in other languages marked objects are more active in syntax. Finally, it provides a theory of the historical changes that lead to the emergence of various patterns of differential object marking.
The qualitative election study of Britain : qualitative research using focus groups
Working women in socialist countries : the fertility connection
Advanced focus group research
Qualitative research in health care
