http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18106 taxable value
taxable value taxation value rateable value
Abstract.
Ex-dividend day stock price behaviour, taxes and discrete prices : a simulation experiment
Leasing home-PC as an employment benefit : case GE Capital Solutions AB
Forestry economics : a managerial approach
Value-added taxes in central and eastern European countries : a comparative survey and evaluation
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the humanistic polytechnic
Taxation and development
Optimising equity investment earnings from taxation perspective
China Business 2.0 : analyze the economy, understand the society, and manage effectively
The place of supply in European VAT
European tax systems
VAT in the European Community
Encouragement and discouragement : essays on taxation and government expenditure
Latin American macroeconomic reforms: the second stage
European tax handbook
The permissibility of indirect environmental taxes and derogations thereof in light of the cumulative criteria for state aid in article 107(1) TFEU
Family Business Succession in Practice : Case: Accounting Firm Ltd.
Summary  (s. 7-9).
The Tobin tax : coping with financial volatility
Sales taxation : the case of value added tax in the European community
VAT collection and control procedures applied in member states : second article 12 report (regulation (EEC/Euratom) no 1553/89)
The principle of equality in European taxation
Butterworths UK tax guide 1987-88
Legal protection against discriminatory tax legislation : the struggle for equality in European tax law
Value added tax practices in intra-community trade
Gender and the European labour market
Ecotaxation
Taxation of cross-border portfolio investment : mutual funds and possible tax distortions
Tax policy in OECD countries : choices and conflicts
Establishing a business in Sweden = Establishing a business in Denmark
Essays on dividends and taxes
The skeptical economist : revealing the ethics inside economics
Essays on taxation : evidence from tax reforms
VAT in the single market : The Price Waterhouse guide through the maze
Taxation in Finland
Taxing capital income in the European Union : issues and options for reform
What was actually cut in the barbers' VAT cut?
Butterworths UK tax guide 1990-91
Doing business in Finland : taxation, accounting
Consumption tax trends
Welfare effects of the Finnish value-added tax reform : a general equilibrium evaluation
Fundamentals of investing
Finnish financial law : selected articles : October 1996.
Taxing consumption
The economics of real property : an analysis of property values and patterns of use
Tax co-ordination in the EU : the latest position
Land value taxation : can it and will it work today?
A guide to the European VAT directives
Analyzing the incidence of consumption taxes
Taxation in Finland 2009
European tax law
Tax and legal aspects of EC harmonisation
This edited collection addresses some of the most important challenges in contemporary human rights law and practice. Its central theme is the linkage between public finance, particularly budget decisions, and the realisation (or not) of economic and social rights. While much academic and political debate on economic and social rights implementation has focused on the role of the courts, this work places the spotlight squarely on those organs of government that have the primary responsibility and the greatest capacity for giving effect to such rights: namely, the elected branches of government. The major actors considered in this book are politicians, public servants and civil society, with their role in realising economic and social rights the work's key focus. The book thus makes a crucial contribution to remedying the current imbalance in attention paid by economic and social rights scholars to the legislature and executive vis-a-vis the judiciary. Featuring pioneering work by leading experts in the field of human rights and public finance, this multidisciplinary collection will be of great interest to academics, practitioners, public servants and students working in the areas of law, human rights, economics, development and political science. --Publisher's description.
Endangered species and optimal environmental policy
The year of living Danishly : uncovering the secrets of the world's happiest country
Taxation of investment in shares and securities
National accounting standard differences in a shared service : Case: Finland vs. Estonia
Many discussions of J. S. Mill's concept of liberty focus too narrowly on On Liberty and fail to acknowledge that his treatment of related issues elsewhere may modify its leading doctrines. Mill and Paternalism demonstrates how a contextual reading suggests that in Principles of Political Economy, and also his writings on Ireland, India and on domestic issues like land reform, Mill proposed a substantially more interventionist account of the state than On Liberty seems to imply. This helps to explain Mill's sympathies for socialism after 1848, as well as his Malthusianism and feminism, which, in conjunction with Harriet Taylor's views, are central to his later discussions of the family and marriage. Feminism, indeed, is shown to provide the answer to the problem which most agitated Mill, overpopulation. Thus Gregory Claeys sheds new lights on many of Mill's overarching preoccupations, including the theory of liberty at the heart of On Liberty.
Taxation under economic integration in the Nordic welfare states
China is entering a new stage of economic and societal development, called China 2.0, a new era that is characterized by China?s diminishing low-cost advantage and increased local competition. Succeeding in the China 2.0 era will require western managers to reposition their businesses. Inspired by their extensive experience in doing business in China, the authors present more than 40 key issues in a compact format suitable for time-constrained executives. The book covers the overall effects on the economy, highlights future challenges, gives first-hand advice on how to manage a business in China, and helps the reader to understand the Chinese culture. China Business 2.0 also contains valuable insight sections in which top executives and consultants share their on-the-ground-experiences in China. In addition, it features numerous practical tips that will help managers to be effective in China.
Liber amicorum Sven-Olof Lodin
Value added tax and direct taxation : similarities and differences
Taxation in the European Community
Essays on financial economics
Equity : in theory and practice
Value-added tax fraud in the European Union
Introduction to value added tax in the EC after 1992 : with an integrated text of EC VAT directives and the directive on the abolition of fiscal frontiers
How the stock markets works : a beginner's guide to investment
The proposed financial transaction tax : extraterritorial effect, tax evasion and other legal problems facing the proposal
Securities markets
Mill and paternalism
Inherited wealth, justice and equality
Reverse value added taxation was implemented in Finland on 1 April 2011 in order to minimize the impact of the black economy on the taxation in the construction industry and at the same time to improve the honest competitor's position. The purpose of this research was to investigate the effects of reverse value added taxation in the small individual enterprise operating in the construction industry.    The study showed that the VAT Act amendment did not have major effects on the operations of Teräsrunko Oy. The majority of the invoices sent to the com-pany are still charged by the old practice because the designers, suppliers, workshops, paintshops, transport companies and building rental agencies charge Teräsrunko Oy with VAT 23%. Teräsrunko Oy uses the rate of 0% VAT in invoicing if the sold service belongs to the sphere of reverse value added taxation. Key words: VAT, black economy,  construction industry, reverse value added taxation
Human rights and public finance : budgets and the promotion of economic and social rights
Taxation of estates, gifts and trusts
Contested takeovers in Danish law : a comparative analysis based on a law and economics approach
How the stock market works : a beginner's guide to investment
Value added taxation in the European Union and its effects on a refunding company
Taxation in Finland 2005
International taxation in an integrated world
Establishing and doing business in Finland
Land-value taxation : the equitable and efficient source of public finance
Taxation of investment derivatives
