http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18170 technical services
technical services
Intelligence support systems : technologies for lawful intercepts
Specialized industrial services in improving efficiency in forest industry
ITIL for Dummies
Directive 93/34/EC : an instrument of co-operation between institutions and enterprises to ensure the smooth functioning of the Internal Market : a guide to the procedure for the provision of information in the field of technical standards and regulations and of rules on Information Society services
Spying with maps : surveillance technologies and the future of privacy
Issues in security management : thinking critically about security
Searching CD-ROM and online information sources
Business intelligence applications in a non-profit sector organization : case: the technical department of the hospital district of Southwest Finland
Designing unified service encounters : case of Outotec maintenance services
Expectation management in IT organization : case: Company X Oyj
ITIL 2011 edition : a pocket guide
Knowledge intensive business services : organizational forms and national institutions
New service stations support global offshore strategy
ITIL For Dummies
Effective customer service : ten steps for technical professions
Technology and events : how to create engaging events
Explores the use of technology to improve results on all kinds of events from initial planning stages right through to post event debriefing. This book provides all the solutions and tips on how to maximize the participation of your audience, cut costs and have better revenues from your events."
The scientific, technical and medical information system in the UK : a study on behalf of the Royal Society, the British Library and the Association of Learned and Professional Society Publishers
Information seeking and communicating behavior of scientists and engineers
Information practice in science and technology : evolving challenges and new directions
The shadow factory : the ultra-secret NSA from 9/11 to the eavesdropping on America
Chapter 1: The qualification scheme. - Chapter 2: Selecting the appropriate qualification. - Chapter 3: Adult learning principles. - Chapter 4: The right qualification for the right people. - Chapter 5: Course and examination preparation tips. - Chapter 6: Understanding the exam paper. -  Chapter 7: Understanding the question. - Chapter 8: Exploring the syllabus. - Chapter 9: Using scenarios for practice. -Chapter 10: Using exam questions for practice. - Chapter 11: Using answers and rationales for practice.
The Snowden files : the inside story of the world's most wanted man
Development of work instructions and employee orientation
Local positioning systems : LBS applications and services
High technology Finland 2003
What followed was the most spectacular intelligence breach ever, brought about by one extraordinary man. Edward Snowden was a 29-year-old computer genius working for the National Security Agency when he shocked the world by exposing the near-universal mass surveillance programs of the United States government. His whistleblowing has shaken the leaders of nations worldwide, and generated a passionate public debate on the dangers of global monitoring and the threat to individual privacy. In a tour de force of investigative journalism that reads like a spy novel, award-winning Guardian reporter Luke Harding tells Snowden’s astonishing story—from the day he left his glamorous girlfriend in Honolulu carrying a hard drive full of secrets, to the weeks of his secret-spilling in Hong Kong, to his battle for asylum and his exile in Moscow. For the first time, Harding brings together the many sources and strands of the story—touching on everything from concerns about domestic spying to the complicity of the tech sector—while also placing us in the room with Edward Snowden himself. The result is a gripping insider narrative—and a necessary and timely account of what is at stake for all of us in the new digital age.
Mastering technical sales : the sales engineer's handbook
Tools for business English. Unit 6, Customer care
Key user role in end user support in a global business environment : case: decision making tool deployment project
Passing the ITIL V3 intermediate exams : the study guide
