http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18127 urban economics (regional economy)
urban economics (regional economy)
The flat white economy : how the digital economy is transforming London and other cities of the future
Managing cities : the new urban context
Managing urban change. Vol. 1, Policies and finance
Shanghai Pudong : urban development in an era of global-local interaction
How to build successful city brands? -Case Munich, Berlin & Hamburg
Readings in urban theory
The global urban competitiveness report 2011
Cities in Transition focuses on the sustainability transitions initiated in 40 European cities. The book presents the incredible wealth of insights gathered through hundreds of interviews and questionnaires. Four key domains-local energy systems, local green spaces, local water systems and local labour markets-have been the focus of the field research investigating local potentials for social innovation and new forms of civil society self-organisation. Examining the potential of new organizational frameworks like co-operatives, multi-stakeholder constructions, local-regional partnerships and networks for the success of such transitions, this book presents the key ingredients of a sustainable urban community as a viable concept to address current global financial, environmental and social challenges. Crucial reading for academics and practitioners of urban planning and sustainability in Europe, Cities in Transition is an innovative roadmap for sustainability in changing cities.
Recent developments in urban and regional economics
"Transnational spatial relations offer a key point from which to study the geographies of contemporary globalization. This book assesses the possible cross-fertilization between two of the most notable analytical frameworks in this area: the world city network (WCN) framework, in which researchers have studied the emergence of a globalized urban system; and secondly, the global commodity chain (GCC) framework, in which researchers have scrutinized the interconnected functions, operations and transactions through which specific goods are produced, distributed and consumed in a globalized economy. Both literatures have emerged as critiques of conventional, state-centric social science interpretations of their subject matters, and they both propose what might be called 'global network alternatives'. Bringing together contributions of key researchers from human geography, economics, and sociology, the editors take advantage of this parallel to investigate how both models may benefit from each other"--
The contemporary Soviet city
Household choice and urban structure : a reassessment of the behavioral foundation of urban models of housing, labor and transportation markets
Economics of cities : theoretical perspectives
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 2, Urban economics
Sustainable, competitive or good cities : bake a cake or make a fake?
Nearby nature and experiential farming : how are their roles perceived within the rural–urban fringe?
Local government economics : principles and practice
Of states and cities : the partitioning of urban space
Environment and health in the Accra metropolitan area, Ghana
Urban economics and real estate markets
The new wealth of cities : city dynamics and the fifth wave
The Baltic Sea Cities Business Network. The city of Gdynia
Modern Urban and Regional Economics explains the spatial economic underpinnings of the behaviour of urban and regional economies in order to highlight the differences between the two types of economy. The explicitly spatial approach enables the author to present both urban economics and regional economics within a single integrated framework, using clear model-based explanations from first principles and extensive graphic illustration of the theories discussed.
Urban theory : a critical assessment
Information society, citizens and everyday life: does the Internet make a difference in spatial practices?
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 3, Applied urban economics [Elektronisk resurs]
The economic map of urban Europe : a comparative study of 45 European metropolises
City, class and capital : new developments in the political economy of cities and regions
The Chinese economy : transitions and growth
Economics of urban problems : an introduction
Contesting neoliberalism : urban frontiers
Captive cities : studies in the political economy of cities and regions
Economic analysis of travelling : studies on travel behaviour in Finland
The state of Helsinki region 2009 : European comparisons
The fiscal impact handbook : estimating local costs and revenues of land development
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 2, Urban economics [Elektronisk resurs]
Recapturing democracy : neoliberalization and the struggle for alternative urban futures
Rehabilitation of the center of St. Petersburg : investment strategy
A tale of three cities, or, The glocalization of city management
Living in the endless city : the Urban Age project by the London School of Economics and Deutsche Bank's Alfred Herrhausen Society
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 1, Regional economics
The dynamics of cities : ecological determinism, dualism and chaos
Floating city : a rogue sociologist lost and found in New York's underground economy
Modeling social heterogeneity, neighbourhoods and local influences on urban real estate prices : spatiel dynamic analyses in the Belo Horizonte metropolitan area, Brazil
The wealth and poverty of regions : why cities matter
Cities of finance : proceedings of the colloquium, Amsterdam, May 1991
The SAGE companion to the city
Commodity chains and world cities
Triumph of the city : how our greatest invention makes us richer, smarter, greener, healthier, and happier
Readings in urban economics : issues and public policy
Urban land economics
Urban governance, institutional capacity and social milieux
The Baltic Sea Cities Business Network. The city of Klaipéda
The economy of cities
Competitiveness and urban economic development policy in information society
A companion to urban economics
Urban regional economics : concepts, tools, applications
Portrait of the Helsinki region
Ports, industries and economics in the urban history of Helsinki
The essence of the information society has been under a considerable debate during the last decade. The argumentation concerns the critique of technological determinism and the recognition of political, economic, social and cultural factors that underlie the development. In academic discourse, there has been a noticeable change from engineering based rhetoric towards more humanistic themes and a more qualitative way of speaking about the issue. Also geographical dimensions, mainly related to the urban research and applied urban planning, have emerged. In this paper the essence of the information society is analysed from a perspective of human and cultural geography. The concept of information society is being treated as a subjective construction and it can be conceptualised as a triad. Firstly, it is a tool as such, and the reference is on material symbols representing the tech-sphere of today. This includes actual devices such as computers and mobile telephones and their integrated applications. Secondly, the information society is a set of practices. This refers to everyday routines that are rarely questioned or critically explored. The most common examples of this are e-banking and e-shopping. Finally, the information society is an experience. This theme is characterised by subjective histories, individual contexts and cultural backgrounds. All these dimensions have implications on environment and social conditions of human life. This framework is being used as a tool to evaluate empirical data based on extensive survey conducted in Finland in the year 2001. The sample size was 2750 questionnaires of which 1176 were received back.
Sharing cities : a case for truly smart and sustainable cities
An essay on urban economic theory
China's urban space : development under market socialism
Cities in China : recipes for economic development in the Reform Era
Changing economies : the case of Helsinki
The themed space : locating culture, nation, and self
Town and hinterland in central Java : the Banjarnegara productionstructure in regional perspective
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 4, Cities and geography [Elektronisk resurs]
Cities and development
The Baltic Sea Cities Business Network. The city of Tartu
Modern urban and regional economics
Cities in a world economy
Global urban analysis : a survey of cities in globalization
Cities in transition : social innovation for Europe's urban sustainability
Topics in public economics : theoretical and applied analysis
European cities in the knowledge economy : the cases of Amsterdam, Dortmund, Eindhoven, Helsinki, Manchester, Munich, Mü̈nster, Rotterdam and Zaragoza
Economy of experiences
The economics of cities and suburbs
Urban economics and real estate : theory and policy
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 1, Regional economics [Elektronisk resurs]
Events and urban regeneration / the strategic use of events to revitalise cities
The urban response to internationalization
Beyond competition to association : the economic transformation of Baltic state cities
The Baltic Sea Cities Business Network. The city of Kalmar
New urban management : attracting value flows to branded hubs
Changing cities : rethinking urban competitiveness, cohesion and governance
Africa south of the Sahara : a geographical interpretation
Regional and urban economics
Consuming the entrepreneurial city : image, memory, spectacle
Entrepreneurial spirit in cities and regions
Journal of urban regeneration and renewal
Handbook of regional and urban economics. Vol. 4, Cities and geography
Urban competitiveness : policies for dynamic cities
ICT cluster study Helsinki region
Creative cities, cultural clusters and local economic development
Advances in urban systems modelling
City-systems in advanced economics : past growth, present processes and future development options
Beyond smart cities : how cities network, learn and innovate
Triumph of the city ; how urban spaces make us human
The university and the city
Privatization in the city : successes, failures, lessons
Proceedings SUSDEV-CHINA Symposium : sustainable agroecosystem management and development of rural-urban interaction in regions and cities of China
Cities and society
The spatial economy : cities, regions, and international trade
Cities in recession : critical responses to the urban policies of the new right
Biography, shift-labour and socialisation in a northern industrial city - the far north : particularities of labour and human socialisation : proceedings of the international conference in Novy Urengoy, Russia, 4th-6th December 2008
