http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18121 administration of higher education
administration of higher education
Managing today's university : strategies for viability, change, and excellence
Developing support and allied staff in higher education
International trends in university governance : autonomy, self-government and the distribution of authority
Transforming higher education : a comparative study
The Palgrave international handbook of higher education policy and governance
Qualitative inquiry in higher education organization and policy research
Strategic leadership in the business school : keeping one step ahead
Institutional management in higher education
Bluetooth-teknologia.
Achieving performance excellence in university administration : a team approach to organizational change and employee development
Financial autonomy of professional higher education institutions : the Finnish AMKs in an international context
Fitting form to function : a primer on the organization of academic institutions
Towards university governance : report on the external evaluation of the administration of the University of Helsinki 2004-2005
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 4, Academic disciplines and indexes
Building academic leadership capacity : a guide to best practices
College for sale : a critique of the commodification of higher education
Managing tertiary and sixth form colleges
Resilient universities : confronting changes in a challenging world
Qualitative Inquiry in Higher Education Organization and Policy Research provides readers with the theoretical foundations and innovative perspectives for undertaking qualitative research to influence policy and practice discussions. Well-known chapter authors discuss innovative strategies for investigating complex problems, helping readers understand how research can consider the culture of the institution, administrative hierarchy, students, faculty, and external constituencies. From both an organizational and policy perspective, chapter pairings explore a range of methodologies, including ethnography, case study, critical qualitative inquiry, and the notion of "grit". This volume explores how qualitative inquiry can advance understanding of organizational inequities in higher education, and it offers graduate students and educational researchers the tools to improve the organizational function of institutions while contributing to meaningful change.
A new autonomy in European higher education? : an exploration and analysis of the strategy of self-regulation in higher education : keynote speech presented at the 9th Annual European AIR Forum, University of Twente, the Netherlands, August 1987
The higher education managerial revolution?
A guide to leadership and management in higher education : managing across the generations
Women as leaders and managers in higher education
Epistemic and learning cultures : wohin sich Universitäten entwickeln
Empowering women : leadership development strategies on campus
Executive summary.
Higher education governance between democratic culture, academic aspirations and market forces
Managing academics : a question of perspective
Finland : searching for perfomance and flexibility
Comparative perspectives on universities
Self-regulation in higher education : a multi-national pespective on collaborative systems of quality assurance and control
Failure of American and Soviet cultural imperialism in German universities, 1945-1990
Human resource management in higher and further education
Change from a semester to a trimester system at the De La Salle University, Philippines
The volume offers state-of-the art contributions in the intersection of academic profession, research training and institutional governance. They reflect the profound interest of contemporary researchers in the questions of how the contemporary higher education reforms across Europe affect university governance and especially the roles and functions of academics. The volume includes several contributions from the peripheral and developing higher education systems of Central and South-East Europe; hence, attempting to rebalance the European profile of higher education research and at the same time contribute to the most salient debates in the field. This book confirms, once again, that the higher education research landscape is a diverse and rich one. At the same time, these diverse cases have at least one commonality – the fact that even though they are located in different higher education systems, they address issues that, albeit as a rule context-specific, can be found in all parts of Europe and beyond. Certainly, the local responses to the hereby addressed global challenges represent a mere snapshot of a broader landscape the European higher education dynamics is.
University research management : developing research in new institutions
Developing quality in higher education management : the case of the University of Vaasa
The university under pressure
Leadership through collaboration : the role of the chief academic officer
Summary: The Nordic university systems.
How colleges work : the cybernetics of academic organization and leadership
Summary (s. 64-71).
Assessing quality in further and higher education
Benchmarking for higher education
Yhteenveto (Summary)
Globalization and reform in higher education
How colleges change : understanding, leading, and enacting change
Adaptive university structures : an anlysis of adaptation to socioeconomic environments of US and European universities
University leadership : approaches, formation and challenges in Europe
Process and structure in higher education
Understanding college and university organization : theories for effective policy and practice. Vol. 1, The state of the system
Change in higher education, the non-university sector : an international perspective : papers presented at the ninth European Forum of the Associotion for Institutional Research (AIR), August, 1987 at the University of Twente, Enschede, The Netherlands
Developing management in higher education : a handbook for managers
Managing international education in Finland : a case study of the University of Vaasa
Organizing academic work in higher education : teaching, learning and identities
Higher education and research administration in Finland
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 3, Analytical perspectives
"This authoritative, state-of-the-art reference collection addresses the major themes, theories and key concepts related to higher education policy and governance on an international scale in one accessible volume. Mapping the field and showcasing current research and theorizations from diverse perspectives and authoritative scholars, this essential guide will assist readers in navigating the myriad concepts and themes involved in higher education policy and governance research and practice. Split into two sections, the first explores a range of policy concepts, theories and methods including governance models, policy instruments, institutionalism and organizational change, new public management and multi-level governance. The second section addresses salient themes such as institutional governance, funding, quality, employability, accountability, university rankings, widening participation, gender, inequalities, technology, student involvement and the role of higher education in society. Global in its perspective and definitive in content, this one-stop volume will be an indispensable reference resource for a wide range of academics, students and researchers in the fields of education, education policy, sociology, social and public policy, political science and leadership. "--
Summary (s. 11-16).
The question of university administration in Finland 1969-1970
Re-positioning university governance and academic work
Higher education governance and policy change in Western Europe : international challenges to historical institutions
Agency theory as a framework for the government-university relationship
What's in it for me? : organizational commitment among faculty members in UAE business schools
Handbook of college and university administration : general
Mercury beats Minerva? : essays on the accelerating impact of market logic permeating higher education
Higher education governance in Europe : policies, structures, funding and academic staff
Discipline of disciplines : genealogy of Finnish university governance
Managing university-industry relations : a study of institutional practices from 12 different countries
The academic dean : dove, dragon, and diplomat
The shifting frontiers of academic decision making : responding to new priorities, following new pathways
A human vision with higher education perspective : institutional evaluation of the Humanistic Polytechnic
Governance of colleges and universities
"A clear, systematic road map to effective campus leadership developmentBuilding Academic Leadership Capacity gives institutions the knowledge they need to invest in the next generation of academic leaders. With a clear, generalizable, systematic approach, this book provides insight into the elements of successful academic leadership and the training that makes it effective. Readers will explore original research that facilitates systematic, continuous program development, augmented by the authors' own insight drawn from experience establishing such programs. Numerous examples of current campus programs illustrate the concepts in action, and reflection questions lead readers to assess how they can apply these concepts to their own programs.The academic leader is the least studied and most misunderstood management position in America. Demands for accountability and the complexities of higher education leadership are increasing, and institutions need ways to shape leaders at the department chair, dean, and executive levels of all functions and responsibilities. This book provides a road map to an effective development program, whether the goal is to revamp an existing program or build one from the ground up. Readers will learn to: Develop campus leadership programs in a more systematic manner Examine approaches that have been proven effective at other institutions Consider how these approaches could be applied to your institution Give leaders the skills they need to overcome any challenge The field of higher education offers limited opportunity to develop leaders, so institutions must invest in and grow campus leaders themselves. All development programs are not created equal, so it's important to have the most effective methods in place from day one. For the institution seeking a better way to invest in the next generation of campus leaders, Building Academic Leadership Capacity is a valuable resource"--
Towards a new model of governance for universities? : a comparative view
Women in higher education management
Reviews of national policies for education : higher education in Kazakhstan
Research assessment exercise 2005 : summary report : University of Helsinki
The encyclopedia of higher education. Volume 2, Analytical perspectives
Going broke by degree : why college costs too much
The States and public higher education policy : affordability, access, and accountability
The four cultures of the academy : insights and strategies for improving leadership in collegiate organizations
External impact of the University of Turku : self-evaluation report
The higher education manager's handbook : effective leadership and management in universities and colleges
Crisis and change in vocational education and training
Business schools have come under fire in recent years with criticisms centring on their academic rigour and the relevance of business education to the 'real' world of management. Alongside this ongoing debate, increasing international competition and media rankings have led to a fierce struggle between business schools for positioning and differentiation. These are among the challenges that are faced by the Dean of the modern-day business school. In this book, Fernando Fragueiro and Howard Thomas show how Deans of business schools can meet such challenges in terms of strategic direction setting and the execution of their leadership role. Drawing on their invaluable experience as Deans of highly successful business schools, they present a series of case studies to show how leaders of five leading business schools (IMD, LBS, INSEAD, IAE and Warwick) have built effective strategies in the context of internal and external political pressures.
FUAS-liittouman laadunhallinnan kehittyminen step by step = Step-by-step : development of FUAS quality management
Cost-sharing and accessibility in higher education : a fairer deal?
"Higher education is in an unprecedented time of change and reform. To address these challenges, university leaders tend to focus on specific interventions and programs, but ignore the change processes and the contexts that would lead to success. Joining theory and practice, How Colleges Change unmasks problematic assumptions that change agents typically possess and provides research-based principles for approaching change. Framed by decades of research, this monumental book offers fresh insights into understanding, leading, and enacting change. Recognizing that internal and external conditions shape and frame change processes, Kezar presents an overarching practical framework that can be applied to any organizational challenge and context. How Colleges Change is a crucial resource for aspiring and practicing campus leaders, higher education practitioners, scholars, faculty, and staff who want to learn how to apply change strategies in their own institutions. "--
Summary (s. 7-10).
Influencing through coordinating : EAIR Forum, 30 August to 1 September 2006, Rome, Italy
EUNIS 99 : information technology shaping European universities, 7-9 June 1999, Helsinki University of Technology, Espoo, Finland
Universitätskulturen = L'université en perspective = The future of the university
Women in higher education : changes and challenges
The college administrator's survival guide
Education policy analysis 2003.
International perspectives on the governance of higher education : alternative frameworks for coordination
Implementation and efficiency of education in law and administration arranged by Oulu University of Applied Sciences, Finland
Management by results in higher education
Trans-national technologies, national techniques and local mechanisms in Finnish university governance : a journey through the layers
University leadership : the role of the chief executive
Juhani Lillberg : creative administrator
Sustaining change in universities : continuities in case studies and concepts
The web of leadership : the presidency in higher education
The Encyclopedia of higher education
Directions in staff development
Bluetooth technology
Prometheus bound : the changing relationship between government and higher education in Western Europe
The triple helix : university-industry-government innovation in action
Learning by comparing : the benchmarking of administration at the University of Helsinki
Transforming universities : changing patterns of governance, structure and learning in Swedish higher education
Understanding college and university organization : theories for effective policy and practice. Vol. 2, Dynamics of the system
Swan for the road
The assessment of college performance
Tertiary professional and vocational education in central and eastern Europe : a cross-country report produced by the European Training Foundation and the Council of Europe
Changing practices in evaluating teaching : a practical guide to improved faculty performance and promotion/tenure decisions
Research assessment exercise 2005 : evaluation reports : University of Helsinki
Global challenges, local responses in higher education : the contemporary issues in national and comparative perspective
Managing Academics offers contrasting perspectives of managing others in order to provoke alternative interpretations of academic work, identity, working relationships and scholarship outcomes in higher education institutions (HEIs). The author leverages a novel analytical-empirical approach to challenge the notion that managing others is a unitary, values-free process. This approach raises awareness of managing as a social process in which personal values and identity questions are treated as issues of importance to the manager and managed. Studies of academic values such as identity, professionalism and quality of worklife are integrated with authority, commitment and client-community service concepts developed within the disciplines of psychology and management in a multiple perspectives model. To enable different types of academic work to be valued and enacted simultaneously in HEIs, chapters on hybridity and perspective taking are presented. This innovative book is essential reading for academic managers in universities and colleges. It will also be of great value to academics and research students in business, management and higher education studies, and indeed anyone with an interest in the process of managing professionals.
The managers' handbook for European university lifelong learning
Governance is becoming increasingly important in universities just as it is in the wider world of commerce and banking. Historically, universities were run by their academic communities but as mass higher education has taken root, as university research has become a critical element in national economies and as the demand for more accountability both financial and in academic performance has grown, pressure has mounted for a 'modernisation' of governance structures.
How academic leadership works : understanding success and failure in the college presidency
Principles of college and university administration
This publication contains the evaluation reports of the Research Assessment Exercise 2005 of the University of Helsinki. The reports were prepared by external evaluation panels and sub-panels.
Standards and quality in higher education
Pursuing the endless frontier : essays on MIT and the role of research universities
The current Swedish model of university of governance : background and description
Women in academic leadership : professional strategies, personal choices
Universities in turmoil
