http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18194 Eastern culture
Eastern culture
Visions of the East : orientalism in film
The Eastern origins of Western civilization
Europe and the mystique of Islam
Can Asians think?
The beginnings of civilization in the Orient : a symposium at the Meetings of the American Oriental Society, Baltimore, April 13, 1939
"I'm not like Indian women" : reflections of young European women in Varanasi, India
Explaining guanxi : the Chinese business network
Lord Byron's oriental world
The oriental mounts from Birka's Garrison : an expression of warrior rank and status
The self and its other : philosophical essays
Chinoiserie : commerce and critical ornament in eighteenth-century Britain
A Tour of qufu : The hometown of Confucius
The Orient expressed : Japan's influence on Western art 1854-1918 : [Mississippi Museum of Art, Jackson, Mississippi, February 19 through July 17, 2011 : McNay Art Museum, San Antonio, Texas, October 5, 2011 through January 15, 2012] / [curated by] Gabriel P. Weisberg ; essays by Petra ten-Doesschate Chu ... [et al.]
Western writers in Japan
Defending the West : a critique of Edward Said's Orientalism
The Chinese tao of business : the logic of successful business strategy
Silent house : a novel
The cultural heritage of India. Volume I : The early phases / introduction by Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
Oriental architecture. 2, China, Korea, Japan
Khajuraho : temples of love / text: Pramila Poddar ; photographs: Pramod Kapoor
Discrepant abstraction
Tong Sing : the Chinese book of wisdom
Literatures of Asia : from antiquity to the present
Archaeologist and historian Ian Morris explains that Western dominance is largely the result of the effects of geography on the everyday efforts of ordinary people as they deal with crises of resources, disease, migration, and climate. As geography and human ingenuity continue to interact, however, the world over the next hundred years will subsequently change in astonishing ways, transforming Western rule in the process.
The Japan idea : [at Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford, Caonnecticut, October 21 to December30, 1990] / by William Hosley
The perfumed garden
Elephant dance : a journey to India / written by Theresa Heine ; illustrated by Sheila Moxley
History of world architecture. Oriental architecture
The easternization of the West : a thematic account of cultural change in the modern era
The cultural heritage of India. Volume IV : The philosophies / editor Haridas Bhattacharyya ; introduction by Bhagavan Das
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish letters with feminist approaches
Steles of the sky
Indonesia : saarien kulttuurit = island cultures
Value of traditional culture for the present era
Integral psychology : yoga, growth, and opening the heart
Wilhelm Lagus : a pioneer of cuneiform research in Finland
Christianity looks east : comparing the spiritualities of John of the Cross and Buddhaghosa
The phenomenon of "foreign" in oriental art
Symposia : journal for studies in ethnology and anthropology. 2004
Poetics of the nameless middle : Japan and the West in philosophy and music of the twentieth century
In the oriental style : a sourcebook of decoration and design
From Impressionism to anime : Japan as fantasy and fan cult in the mind of the West
Whatever Lola wants
Japan and Britain : an aesthetic dialogue 1850-1930 : [at Barbican Art Gallery, 17 October 1991 - 12 January 1992] / edited and with texts by Tomoko Sato and Toshio Watanabe ; with essays by Sir Hugh Cortazzi ... [et al.]
The Chinese mind : essentials of Chinese philosophy and culture
'Between two worlds' : comparisons and explorations in oriental and western music cultures
Afghanistan in the lewis model
Re Temur, exiled heir to his grandfather's Khaganate, has finally raised his banner and declared himself at war with his usurping uncle. With his companions - the Wizard Samarkar, the Cho-tse Hrahima, and the silent monk Brother Hsiung - he must make his way to Dragon Lake to gather his army of followers. Temur has many enemies, and they are not idle. The sorcerer who leads the Nameless Assassins, whose malice has shattered the peace of all the empires of the Celedon Highway, has struck at Temur's uncle already. To the south, in the Rasan empire, a magical plague rages. To the east, the great city of Asmaracanda has burned, and the Uthman Caliph is deposed. And in the hidden ancient empire of Erem, Temur's son has been born and a new moon has risen in the Eternal Sky.
Eastern figures : Orient and empire in British writing
Occidentalism : a short history of anti-Westernism
Challenging the orientalist reading of Mary Wortley Montagu's Turkish Letters with feminist approaches
"This book examines the historical interactions of the West and non-Western world, and investigates whether or not the exclusive adoption of Western-oriented 'international norms' is the prerequisite for the construction of international order"--
Great thinkers
Dialogues across civilizations : sketches in world history from the Chinese and European experiences
Japonisme in the fine arts of the Czech lands / Markéta Hánová
Oriental flower designs
Religions of the east
Rescuing history from the nation : questioning narratives of modern China
Akram Khan : dancing new interculturalism
China shakes the world : the rise of a hungry nation
The house of wisdom : how the arabs transformed western civilization
Studia orientalia Tartuensia. Series nova / Centre for Oriental Studies, University of Tartu = Tartu Ülikooli orientalistikakeskus
Oriental architecture. 1, India, Indonesia, Indochina
The cultural heritage of India. Volume III : The philosophies  / editor Haridas Bhattacharyya
Globalization and civilizations
Western art and the wider world
Asian living = Ambiances d'Asie = Asiatische Wohnkultur
This text relates the experiences of a range of Western writers who went to Japan as teachers and lecturers, covering a period of over 100 years. It discusses East/West cultural differences, Western "individualism" encountering Japanese "formal" society, and also draws on the author's interviews with many of the writers featured. It includes some hitherto unpublished correspondence, as well as comments on their published works.
Insights into Chinese culture
A taste for the exotic : foreign influences on early eighteenth-century silk designs
Kama shilpa : a study of Indian sculptures depicting love in action
Medievalism and Orientalism : three essays on literature, architecture and cultural identity
Occidentalism in novels of Malaysia and Singapore, 1819-2004 : colonial and postcolonial financial straits and literary style
Japonism comes to America : Japanese impact on the graphic arts 1876-1925 : [Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art, Kansas City, July 22- September 2, 1990 : the Jane Voorhees Zimmerli Art Museum, Rutgers, the State University of New Jersey, NewBrunswick, September / Julia Meech and Gabriel P. Weisberg
Martyrdom in the Sikh tradition : playing the "game of love"
Zen and Japanese culture
Abstract.
Akrem Khan: Dancing New Interculturalism analyses the relationship between this seminal British-Asian choreographer's complex identity-positions and his art through the lens of 'new interculturalism'. Through seven key case studies from Khan's oeuvre, this book demonstrates how Khan's philosophy and aesthetic of 'new interculturalism' is a challenge to the 1980s predominantly western 'intercultural theatre' project, as a more nuanced and embodied approach to representing Othernesses, from his own position of the Other. Additionally, the book challenges popular perception of Khan's art as contemporary South Asian dance by suggesting that, instead, Khan uses South Asian dramaturgical principles to transform the western contemporary dance landscape in intercultural ways. Offering the first full-length investigation of Akram Khan's work, this book is essential reading for students, researchers, practitioners and fans of Khan's work".
Worlds at war : the 2,500-year struggle between East and West
Notes on the Orientalism debate and Orientalism in Finland
The cultural heritage of India. Volume II : Itihasas, puranas, dharma and other sastras  / introduction by C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar
Orientalism in early modern France : Eurasian trade, exoticism and the Ancien Régime
International orders in the early modern world : before the rise of the West
Why the West rules - for now : the patterns of history, and what they reveal about the future
Nordic Orientalism : Paris and the cosmopolitan imagination 1800-1900
Why the West rules--for now : the patterns of history, and what they reveal about the future
China in the sixteenth century : the journals of Matthew Ricci : 1583-1610
The house of wisdom : how the Arabs transformed Western civilization
"The book is a collections of eleven articles about Lord Byron's personal and literary involvement in Oriental life and creativity. Byron's genuine Oriental scholarship provides the platform upon which the articles are based. The authentic images of the East and the West in Byron's Oriental tales and some of his major works, Don Juan and Childe Harold's Pilgrimage, are analyzed to expose the influences of both worlds on his personal life and career."--Publisher's website.
Daoism and Chinese culture
Battle hymn of the tiger mother
Wandering spirits : Chen Shiyuan's encyclopedia of dreams
Treasures of the Orient
