http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18146 tax competition
tax competition
More taxes! : promoting strategies for global taxation
External imbalances and public finances in the EU
Global financial crime : terrorism, money laundering and offshore centres
Access to European Union : institutions and politics
Studies in optimal taxation, stabilization and imperfect competition
Introduction to business law in Russia
Research handbook in international economic law
Abstract.
Essays on taxation and regulation
The European Union : economics and policies
Harmful tax competition in the European Union : Code of Conduct, countermeasures and EU law
Essays on Russia's economic transition
Tax competition among local governments : evidence from a property tax reform in Finland
Tax competition between states is what Peter Dietsch refers to in his title as "catching capital." In particular, he sees several forms of tax competition -- for portfolio capital, meaning holdings by wealthy private individuals; for the profits of multinational corporations; and for foreign direct investment, where actual economic activity is attracted. Peter Dietsch's book examines two central questions that stem from this situation. Is there anything ethically wrong about tax competition? And if there is, what should be done about it? Under the current system a lot of capital simply slips through the net; the loopholes caused by current tax competition mean that states do not capture the taxes they are entitled to. And as Thomas Piketty has argued, the vast increase in economic inequality stems in part from the ability of the rich to hide their wealth in this way. Given these moral issues, Dietsch argues that there is a pressing need for the global community to structure international fiscal policy to plug these loopholes. But how should it do so? Will the fiscal sovereignty of states be compromised? Can we regulate tax competition without being forced to harmonize all tax rates? How do we strike a balance between the autonomy of one state and the problems it creates for others? Should winners of tax competition compensate the losers? Finally, is regulating tax competition simply inefficient from an economic perspective? in answering these questions, Peter Dietsch advances and defends his own new global regulatory framework for tax competition.
Rethinking the welfare state : a challenge for the private sector : X International Conference of Private Business Associations, Madrid, October, 1996.
Access to finnish law
Deregulation or re-regulation? : regulatory reform in Europe and the United States
Economic integration and public finance
Tax competition and EU law
Access to European Union : law, economics, policies
Finnish ICT and furniture companies' strategies towards relocating operations to Estonia
Summary (s. 14-21).
European securities markets
Essays on environmental quality competition in a vertically differentiated duopoly model
Abstract: Trade policy and consumer prices of foodstuffs.
Havens in a storm : the struggle for global tax regulation
WTO and direct taxation
Rich people stash away trillions of dollars in tax havens like Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, or Singapore. Multinational corporations shift their profits to low-tax jurisdictions like Ireland or Panama to avoid paying tax. Recent stories in the media about Apple, Google, Starbucks, and Fiat are just the tip of the iceberg. There is hardly any multinational today that respects not just the letter but also the spirit of tax laws. All this becomes possible due to tax competition, with countries strategically designing fiscal policy to attract capital from abroad. The loopholes in national tax regimes that tax competition generates and exploits draw into question political economic life as we presently know it. They undermine the fiscal autonomy of political communities and contribute to rising inequalities in income and wealth. Building on a careful analysis of the ethical challenges raised by a world of tax competition, this book puts forward a normative and institutional framework to regulate the practice. In short, individuals and corporations should pay tax in the jurisdictions of which they are members, where this membership can come in degrees. Moreover, the strategic tax setting of states should be limited in important ways. An International Tax Organisation (ITO) should be created to enforce the principles of tax justice. The author defends this call for reform against two important objections. First, Dietsch refutes the suggestion that regulating tax competition is inefficient. Second, he argues that regulation of this sort, rather than representing a constraint on national sovereignty, in fact turns out to be a requirement of sovereignty in a global economy. The book closes with a series of reflections on the obligations that the beneficiaries of tax competition have towards the losers both prior to any institutional reform as well as in its aftermath.
The challenges of tax reform in a global economy
Welfare and work in the open economy. Vol. 2, Diverse responses to common challenges
Labour Mobility and Fiscal Competition in the European Union
The inventory : European legislation & policy that affects the cultural sector : 1994
Tax competition in Europe
Tax/benefit systems and growth potential of the EU
Differences in taxation on heavy goods vehicles in Europe
Taxation in a global economy
The increased revenue from finnish corporate income tax in 1990s
Base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) : the proposals to revise the OECD model convention
Product and capital market reforms in Finland
Optimal factor taxation under wage bargaining : a dynamic perspective
Handbook of European Union : institutions and policy
Will the energy programme support competitiveness?
Macroeconomic policies in the world economy
Catching capital : the ethics of tax competition
European state aid law and policy
European financial area : proceedings of closing seminar of the research project of KATTI
Sourcebook of European financial and commercial law
Increasing returns, learning, and beneficial tax competition
Access to Finnish law
Environmental taxation and tax harmonization
Environmental tax competition in the presence of multinational firms
Ecological taxation, the use of energy and international competitiveness
Gains and losses from tax competition with migration
We must safeguard our own competitiveness
Progress in policy reforms to improve the investment climate in South East Europe : investment reform index 2006
Tax Copetition and the Nature of Capital
Germany and Japan in competition for FDI : tax systems, regulations, and business strategies
Green tax reform and competitiveness
