http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18166 republics (states)
republics (states)
A toy city
Faint shadows of love : poems
There are two native subspecies of the great cormorant Phalacrocorax carbo in Europe: the mainly coastal nominate subspecies carbo, and the mainly continental subspecies sinensis. The population of the latter, in particular, has increased significantly in recent decades. Old literature records suggest that cormorants of some kind were breeding at the largest freshwater lake in Europe, Lake Ladoga, in the early part of the 20th century. A couple of specimens from this population were allegedly also collected; however, the current whereabouts of these specimens appear to be unknown. Recent studies have shown that both cormorant subspecies are ecologically fairly flexible and, therefore, breeding at a freshwater locality cannot by itself be regarded as evidence that they belonged to the continental subspecies sinensis. Thus, it is not possible to ascertain with certainty to which subspecies Lake Ladoga's cormorants belonged..
Abiding places : Korea South & North
The Voices of Azania from Cape Town: Rastafarian Reggae Music's claim to Autochthonous African belonging
Appropriate Institutions and Economic Growth : one size fits no-one
Food habits and related biomarkers in Pitkäranta, Russia, and North Karelia, Finland : trends and educational differences, 1992-2007
Effects of changes in land-use, age-structure and management on carbon dynamics of European forests
A comparative analysis on Finnish and Korean high school English textbooks in the perspective of communicative language teaching
Ecological structure of South Korea : an ecological factor analysis of cities and rural communities in South Korea in 1969
The Republic of Uzupis
The Rastafarian movement has experienced fast growth during recent years in South Africa and especially in the province of Western Cape. This article examines this process through an ethnographic account of a weekly reggae dancehall event held by the Rastafarian Marcus Garvey community in the township of Philippi in Cape Town. During the course of three months of fieldwork the author investigated how recorded Jamaican dancehall music is used in the community and how it is articulated to different Rastafarian identifications within the dancehall space. Several scholars of Rastafari have suggested that contemporary Jamaican dancehall music has had theological impact on the Rastafarian movement, particularly outside of the Caribbean. The article provides an empirical contribution to these discussions by demonstrating that Rastafarians in the Marcus Garvey community have made significant innovations both theologically and musically in relation to their Jamaican counterparts, reorienting contemporary Jamaican popular music as a spiritual practice linked to religious purity norms informed by an international Rastafarian organization, the Nyabinghi Order. As a result Jamaican dancehall music is taking a central position in various moral negotiations within the Marcus Garvey community.
This Companion provides n authoritative and up-to-date overview of Roman republican history as it is currently practiced. The volume takes account of recent developments that have enriched our picture of the Republic. These include the continuing archaeological exploration of Italy, increasingly sophisticated approaches to textual sources, and the opening up of new areas of historical study and debate such as the nature of theb republican political system, Roman identity formation, representation of the body, collective memory, and demography and social structure. At the same time, the book retains the drama of the Republic's rise and fall.
The shaman sorceress
The Ma Rok biographies
The song of Kumgang-san Mountain : revolutionary opera
Rome's revolution : death of the republic and birth of the empire
Walking on a washing line : poems of Kim Seung-Hee
Reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia (Russia)
Development of the management and cost accounting of wood harvesting in the Republic of Karelia
The insider's guide to Korea
Working life barometer in the Baltic Countries 2002
Emotional labour and burnout among public middle school teachers in South Korea
The Dandelion ranch : [The Chosin few]
As projected in earlier forecasts, Chinese economic growth continues to slow. 2015 GDP growth overall should average around 7 % p.a., and then the growth is expected to fall to around 6 % p.a. in 2016 and 2017. China faces the challenge of creating new engines of growth and managing its existing problems. This calls for determined reforms that inevitably will also bring about various kind of disturbances in the economy. Given decelerating growth and rising indebtedness, the risk that the Chinese economy underperforms this forecast is rising..
A companion to the Roman Republic
Transnational Spaces in the Virtual World : Dominican Migrant Communities in the Social Media
Coming of age : German foreign policy since 1945
Market opportunities for fish farming cage frames in the Republic of Karelia
Please look after mom : a novel
Trees on the cliff : a novel of Korea and two stories
"Would I have been better off there?" : comparison, need and conduciveness in a Finnish emigrant's account
Encounter
Absent or Ambivalent Mothers and Avoidant Children - An Evolutionary Reading of Zhang Kangkang's Motherhood Stories
Popular Korean historiography in Northeast Asia : a critical survey from the 13th century until the present, pertaining to Early Korea
The girl with seven names : a North Korean defector's story
Biogeography, landscapes, ecosystems and species of Zaonezhye Peninsula, in Lake Onega, Russian Karelia
From the Gracchi to Nero : a history of Rome from 133 B.C. to A.D. 68
Shakespeare and republicanism
A research on the ethical dimension of banking crises in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (TRNC)
Augustus : From revolutionary to Emperor
" Ko Un has long been a living legend in Korea, both as a poet and as a person. Allen Ginsberg once wrote, 'Ko Un is a magnificent poet, combination of Buddhist cognoscente, passionate political libertarian, and naturalist historian.' Maninbo (Ten Thousand Lives) is the title of a remarkable collection of poems by Ko Un, filling thirty volumes, a total of 4001 poems containing the names of 5600 people, which took 30 years to complete. Ko Un first conceived the idea while confined in a solitary cell upon his arrest in May 1980, the first volumes appeared in 1986, and the project was completed 25 years after publication began, in 2010. Unsure whether he might be executed or not, he found his mind filling with memories of the people he had met or heard of during his life. Finally, he made a vow that, if he were released from prison, he would write poems about each of them. In part this would be a means of rescuing from oblivion countless lives that would otherwise be lost, and also it would serve to offer a vision of the history of Korea as it has been lived by its entire population through the centuries. A selection from the first 10 volumes of Maninbo relating to Ko Un's village childhood was published in the US in 2006 by Green Integer under the title Ten Thousand Lives. This edition is a selection from volumes 11 to 20, with the last half of the book focused on the sufferings of the Korean people during the Korean War. Essentially narrative, each poem offers a brief glimpse of an individual's life. Some span an entire existence, some relate a brief moment. Some are celebrations of remarkable lives, others recall terrible events and inhuman beings. Some poems are humorous, others are dark commemorations of unthinkable incidents. They span the whole of Korean history, from earliest pre-history to the present time. " -- (Bloodaxe Books)
South Korea
A Korean century : river & fields, poems
The quest for prosperity and liberty : a study on the narrative romances of Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan
Samsung Electronics and the struggle for leadership of the electronics industry
Policy and economic performance in divided Korea during the Cold War era : 1945-91
Cognition of Korean-English secondary school teachers about intercultural dimension in EFL teaching
Respublika Kareliâ v cifrah 2007 : kratkij statističeskij sbornik = Republic of Karelia in figures : concise statistical handbook
Bridge
The Finno-Ugric republics and the Russian State
An appointment with my brother
Zaonežje : muzei-zapovednik pod otkrytym nebom = Zaonezhye : museum of wooden architecture in the open air = Zaonégié : musée d'architecture en bois en plein air
Unforgettable things : poems
The core of the sun
The biomass of a secondary evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest was comprehensively inventoried in a permanent 2 ha plot in southwestern China. Biomass models, sub-sampling, soil pit method, and published data were utilized to determine the biomass of all components. Results showed that the total biomass of the forest was 158.1 Mg ha−1; the total biomass included the major aboveground (137.7 Mg ha−1) and belowground (20.3 Mg ha−1) biomass components of vascular plants as well as the minor biomass components of bryophytes (0.078 Mg ha−1) and lichens (0.043 Mg ha−1). The necromass was 17.6 Mg ha−1 and included woody debris (9.0 Mg ha−1) and litter (8.6 Mg ha−1). The spatial pattern of the aboveground biomass was determined by the spatial distribution of dominant trees with large diameter, tall height, and dense wood. The belowground biomass differed in terms of root diameter and decreased with increasing soil depth. The belowground biomass in each soil pit in local habitats was not related to the spatial distribution of woody plants and soil pit depth. The karst forest presented lower biomass compared than the nonkarst forests in the subtropical zone. Biomass carbon in the karst terrains would increase substantially if degraded karst vegetation could be successfully restored to the forest. Comprehensive site-based biomass inventory of karst vegetation will contribute not only to provide data for benchmarking global and regional vegetation and carbon models but also for regional carbon inventory and vegetation restoration..
The Romans : an introduction
Wind burial : selected poems
The cry of the magpies
Foreign direct investment in a changing political environment : Finnish investment decisions in South Korea
Novelized, televised, and endlessly scrutinized by scholars, the fall of the Roman Republic marks one of history's great turning points. Historians have studied the descent of the Republic into civil war as a great political tragedy, a warning from the past about the unsustainability of empires; political scientists have labeled it a parable about militarism, populism, moral decay, or the inevitable corruption of political systems. Yet the familiar story of the Roman Republic's downfall continues to be the story of its elites. What if we started thinking about Roman politics not from the perspectives of Caesar and Cicero, but from the point of view of the soldier, the peasant, or the pauper? In an original account of what he calls Rome's revolution, Richard Alston reinscribes these humble protagonists into their tumultuous era. They, like the ruthless aristocrats they swore allegiance to, were political agents, negotiating their positions in the context of a "failed state." Rome's Revolution blends riveting historical narrative with socio-economic analysis, restoring a rich context to the cataclysmic violence of the period. In addition to chronicling the drama of aristocratic rivalries, the book digs beneath the high politics of Cicero, Caesar, Antony and Octavian to examine the problems of making a living in first-century BC Italy. Portraying the revolution as the crisis of a violent society - both among the citizenry and among a ruling class whose legitimacy was dwindling - Rome's Revolution provides new insight into the motivations that drove men to march on their capital city and slaughter their compatriots.
The cozy path
Forests of the Republic of Karelia
Youth participation in Finland and in Germany : status analysis and data based recommendations
Babushka in flux : grandmothers and family-making between Russian Karelia and Finland
Debating right to asylum : a conceptual and rhetorical reading of the German post-war deliberations
Reagan's mythical America : towards a narrative theory of prophetic politics
Maninbo : peace & war
Despite increased economic and market uncertainty, China's GDP statistics still point to almost 7% growth, which is in line with official growth targets. According to the statistics, the deceleration of growth has been very smooth. This has once again raised suspicions over the reliability of Chinese GDP data. However, although there is much room for improvement in the coverage and transparency of the Chinese statistics, recent studies do not generally find evidence of significant or systematic falsification of GDP figures..
The environment in contexts:environmental concern in the Komi Republic (Russia)
This paradise of yours
Rising indebtedness increases risks in China
Hail to the emperor!
Last knights
Wastelands of fire : selected poems
Set in an alternative historical present, in a "eusistocracy"- An extreme welfare state - that holds public health and social stability above all else, it follows a young woman whose growing addiction to illegal chili peppers leads her on an adventure into a world where love, sex, and free will are all controlled by the state.
Bis-phenol A: orgin, fate, dilemma and the effects of increased background organics on its adsorption by powdered activated carbon
Cross cultural analysis of the influence of humor on organizational dissent in the US, Korea, Japan, and China
I have the right to destroy myself
Comparative European politics
France : empire and republic, 1850-1940. Historical documents
The image of Virgin Mary in Chosun white porcelain : a novel
Economic restructuring of the former Soviet bloc : the case of housing
State building and conflict resolution in the Caucasus
Atlas of high conservation value areas, and analysis of gaps and representativeness of the protected area network in northwest Russia : Arkhangelsk, Vologda, Leningrad, and Murmansk Regions, Republic of Karelia, and City of St. Petersburg
The waves
Political prisoner Hyun Woo is freed after eighteen years to find no trace of the world he knew. The friends with whom he shared utopian dreams are gone. His Seoul is unrecognizably transformed and aggressively modernized. Yoon Hee, the woman he loved, died three years ago. A broken man, he drifts toward a small house in Kalmoe, where he and Yoon Hee once stole a few fleeting months of happiness while fleeing the authorities. In the company of her diaries, Hyum Woo relives and reviews his life, trying to find meaning in the revolutionary struggle that consumed their youth--a youth of great energy and optimism, victim to implacable history. He weighs the worth of his own life, spent in prison, and that of the strong-willed artist Yoon Hee, whose involvement in rebel groups took her to Berlin and the fall of the Wall. With great poignancy, Hwang Sok-yong grapples with the immortal questions--the endurance of love, the price of a commitment to causes--while depicting a generation that sacrificed youth, liberty, and often life for the dream of a better tomorrow. Born in 1943, Hwang Sok-yong is a Korean writer of world renown and the recipient of numerous international awards and honors. His work, which grapples with the troubled recent history of his divided country, has been the cause of his imprisonment, his exile, and finally that rare achievement of a wide readership and appreciation in both North and South Korea. The Old Garden is, by the author's own admission, his most deeply autobiographical work.
The guest
The current U.S. reset policy with Russia involves efforts to blaze a path of mutual cooperation on arms control and proliferation. In arms control, we see determined administration attempts to promote greater nuclear reductions in the direction of nuclear zero, including reductions in tactical nuclear weapons. This necessarily leads Moscow to raise issues of missile defense in Europe that it vehemently opposes. This monograph analyzes Russia's position on these arms control issues and examines the chances for the United States to achieve its arms control goals in the foreseeable future. It also looks at the Russian position with regard to the main nonproliferation issues of Iran and North Korea, what the implications of these positions are for the achievement of U.S. policy goals, and what the United States might do with regard to Russia to advance those goals in a dynamic international environment.
The rainy spell
The moving castle
The silence of love : twentieth-century Korean poetry
The vegetarian : a novel
The cormorants of Lake Ladoga in the early 20th century: Arctic invaders or continental colonists?
Nuclear-free security : refocusing nuclear disarmament and the review of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty
Prison writings
Music and emotions
"The Korean peninsula during the Cold War provided a cruel but historically unparalleled real-world "experiment" in the relationship between polity and material advance: an ethnically and culturally homogenous nation was, in 1945, suddenly divided by an arbitrary boundary line and then subjected to two radically different and adversarial political economies for successive decades on end. Assessing the competition between the North and South Korean economies from partition to the end of the Soviet era, Nicholas Eberstadt argues that the storyline is not quite as simple as the now-prevailing narrative suggests (that centrally-planned economies are doomed to fail against market-oriented alternatives). Rather, he suggests, the race for material progress was just that: a race, the results of which were far from preordained at the outset. In Policy and Economic Performance in Divided Korea during the Cold War Era: 1945-91, Eberstadt presents an impressive compilation of hard-to-find comparative data on economic performance for the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK, or North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (ROK, or South Korea) over two critical generations. By a number of indicators, Eberstadt argues, Kim Il Sung's North Korea actually outperformed South Korea for much of this period -- not only in the years immediately following partition, but perhaps also into the 1970s. To explain these surprising results, Eberstadt details the impact of government policies on the course of growth of both economies and offers some unorthodox observations about material performance under these two contending polities. He finds that prevailing economic development theory on such issues as planned-versus-market economies, military burden, and the relationship between material advance and poverty, may require reexamination in light of the experience of the two Koreas between partition and the end of the Cold War." --Back cover.
The sound of thunder
The dandelion on the Imjin river : a novel
Emergence of the Korean popular culture in the world
The military balance in the Baltic Sea region : notes on a defunct concept
The odyssey of Korean democracy : Korean politics, 1987-1990
Red nations : the nationalities experience in and after the USSR
This thesis aims to explore business opportunities through discovering factors that are needed to be known to understand Korean sense of humor, Hae-Hak, in practice on external communication with advertisement. By focusing on the research on specific examples of Korean advertisements that Hae-Hak is used, this paper will help you to understand Korean sense of humor. Under the HURMOS Project, to discover the utility of humor in business life of South Korea, research has been done.
The beginning of the Cold War as a phenomenon of realpolitik : U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes in the field of power politics 1945 - 1947
Ethics and climate change : a study of national commitments
Arms control and proliferation challenges to the reset policy
Mommy must be a fountain of feathers
Impact of globalization of the world economy on the transboundary labor migration in the Russian border region Karelia
JUMPING NYAHBINGHI YOUTHS: LOCAL ARTICULATIONS OF ROOTS REGGAE MUSIC IN A RASTAFARIAN DANCEHALL IN CAPE TOWN
The Dominican Republic : a national history
Labor migration in the border region is one of the important processes of interaction of neighboring countries. This process intensifies in a globalizing world economy. The article presents a study of international labor migration from the Republic of Karelia, Russia. The article presents the Karelia's labor migration and make an analysis of how well they'correspond to the world trends of labor migration; highlights of the institutional conditions for migration of population in Karelia; the method of research and the results of the study; proposals for authorities in regulation of migration flows at regional level in a globalizing world economy..
Poems of 99 modern Korean poets
The article examines the reproduction of labor potential in the Republic of Karelia. Particular attention in the research is given to the effects of the main types of social and labor mobility (territorial, educational, professional and medical). The article stems from theoretical explorations of this subject by Russian researchers and the results of an economic and sociological survey of the working-age population of the Karelia region. It was conducted with the participation of the author in 2012 in the three municipalities of the Republic of Karelia. The research surveyed 450 respondents. The survey and statistical analysis of demographic data helped to establish the information base, which allowed performing a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the reproduction of labor potential while evaluating the impact of social and labor mobility..
Tearing down the curtain, opening the gates : Northern boundaries in change
Immortal history : the year 1932
Using local celebrities in branding and marketing of electronic goods in Finland  : based on South Korean endorsement models
Between heaven and earth
I'll be right there : a novel
Institutional environment in North Korea : market structure and overcoming institutional voids
Traditional Korean music
Korean art guide
The collapse of the Weimar Republic : political economy and crisis
Stars between the sun and moon : one woman's life in North Korea and escape to freedom
The Dominican Republic
West Germany today
Ten thousand lives
The red room : stories of trauma in contemporary Korea
Lifestyle advertisements in South Korea
Korean beauty secrets : a practical guide to cutting-edge skincare and makeup
Ethnic and Social Determinants of East-West Migratory Trends in the Baltic Sea Area Transition Economies
The role of presidential advisory systems in US foreign policy-making : the case of the National Security Council and Vietnam, 1953-1961
The cross of Shaphan
Global processes, local strategies : migration of educated Dominicans
Are Chinese GDP statistics reliable?
Humor in business : case analysis of South Korean humorous advertisements
Wedding day and other Korean plays
The wind from the south
Reunion so far away : a collection of contemporary Korean fiction
The book of masks : stories
China develops, growth slows
The old garden
Korean dance, theater and cinema
The wind and the river
Iyǒ island
Modern Korean fiction : an anthology
This evolutionary reading of the Chinese writer Zhang Kangkang's maternal stories explores the specificities and agency of mothers and of children. The dilemma confronted by physically absent and/or emotionally detached mothers, depicted in Zhang's stories, entails women's strategic intelligence to make tradeoffs between their reproductive efforts and their life stage and conditions. It sheds light on conditional maternal commitment, the necessity and feasibility of cooperative childrearing, and various mother-child conflicts. Zhang's texts also describe insecurely attached infants and children who sink into a nonchalant and avoidant state after experiencing distress, terror, or resentment due to insensitive and unpredictable mothering. Absent and ambivalent mothers are generally harassed by the feeling of guilt, resulting from conditional maternal commitment, mother-child conflicts, and the high expectations of the motherhood myth. Children's counterstrategies also regulate and enhance maternal or alloparental care.
Biomass of karst evergreen and deciduous broad-leaved mixed forest in central Guizhou province, southwestern China: a comprehensive inventory of a 2 ha plot
Our twisted hero
A dwarf launches a little ball
Agricultural trade policy in developing countries during take-off
Diary of a vagabond : Song Yong stories
The total amount of public and private debt in China has increased rapidly since the financial crisis. The country's debt-to-GDP ratio has already reached the level seen in many advanced economies. The rapid rise in debt in many countries has led to financial sector problems and to a marked slowing of economic growth. Sustainable management of the economy in China would require a slowdown in the debt build-up. There are no indications of this as yet. Curbing debt accumulation would require China's readiness to accept lower growth targets..
West Germany : a contemporary history
The three way tavern : selected poems
Observing the transformation of China's first marriage pattern through net nuptiality tables : 1982-2010
Floating grass
A washed-out dream
Eternity today : selected poems
Comparison of wood based energy related policies in Russia and Finland : case study of the Republic of Karelia and North Karelia
Cross-cultural analysis of teacher confirmation, student motivation, classroom emotion and emotional interest in China, Korea and Japan
Junk feminism and nuclear wannabes : collaging parodies of Iran and North Korea
Gerhard Richter : early work, 1951-1972
Management control and performance in French-Korean joint ventures
Communication Tools and the Influence of Culture in Television Advertising : A Study of South Korea and Finland
