http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p181 dance music
dance music
The True Jazz Dance Sessions
The fantastic plastic machine
25 top rumbas
Groovy sounds
F. Scott Fitzgerald and the music : tales of the Jazz Age : the Great Gatsby
Choro : a social history of a Brazilian popular music
Peppermint twist : The Mob, the music, and the most famous dance club of the '60s
Gold Star Ballroom : jive
Caribbean fever
Party Power : Non stop dancing '83
Dance Hits of The Eighties
Spirit of the Rhythm. Volume 1
Pickled eggs & sherbet
Gold Star Ballroom : Tango
Think Big!
From Russia... with love : traditional song and dance
Spread Love : feel good grooves & inspirational soul
Make The Party Last
Moments for two : Songs for ballroom lovers
Gold Star ballroom : Cha, cha, cha
Time Machine : The Best of Direct Drive & First Light 1981-83
Tv-werbemelodien : Music of tv commercials
The Rough Guide to the Music of Venezuela
The Virgin encyclopedia of dance music
Cultural dynamics and minority identity in music : an ethnomusicological case study of the Swedish-Finnish popular music in the dancehalls of Gothenburg. (1)
Subway salsa : the Montuno Records story
Hot stuff : a brief history of disco
The Singing Detective : Music from the BBC-TV serial written by Dennis Potter
Hello Afrika : The Album
California dreaming : The ultimate cyberhippy experience
Mambo! and more
Strictly ballroom favourites
Swingers too! : more music from and inspired by the hit motion picture "Swingers"
How to DJ (properly) : the art and science of playing records
The Hits : 8 titles arranged for piano, vocal, guitar
Slow waltz collection
Affairs of the Heart
Best of Steeples
Salsa & the city
Russian dance music for piano = Russkaja tantsevalnaja muzyka dlja fortepiano
An der schönen blauen Donau = On the beautiful blue Danube
Salsa : original motion picture soundtrack
The world of the tango : 20 tango classics : The tango kings
Dance and its music in America, 1528-1789
The courtly consort suite in German-speaking Europe, 1650-1706
The world of DJs and the turntable culture
House of latin : original music for latin dancing
Dewdrops in the garden
New York City swing!
A trade like any other : female singers and dancers in Egypt
The Voice Of The People. Volume 19 : Ranting & reeling : dance music of the north of England: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Nu Cool : 26 laid back grooves from the soul
Country line dance time
Dance now!. 2: The Best of dance & techno
That's ballroom!
Silver Star Swing Series presents Jimmie Lunceford and his Orchestra : His greatest recordings 1934-1942
Gold Star Ballroom : Samba
Hot soca
Unforgettable memories : 20 tracks - original artists
The Modern Talking Story : 16 Golden Hits
Cool-blue : Erotic music
The music of France
Mid Tempo. 3.
Simply salsa : 4 cd's of essential latin rhythms
Gold Star Ballroom : Paso doble
17 again powermix : music for seniors
THE PENGUIN BOOK OF EARLY MUSIC / ANTHOLOGY OF VOCAL AND INSTRUMENTAL SONGS AND DANCES FROM THE RENAISSANCW
International handbook of research in arts education
Ballroom evergreens : from Keith Miller
Five Star
The Voice Of The People. Volume 14 : Troubles they are but few : dance tunes & ditties: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Closet classics : Volume 1
Let's dance the cha cha cha
Undercover lovers
The Fire Aflame
EDM and Ecstasy : the lived experiences of electronicdance music festival attendees
Seet kissin' in the moonlight = Den första kyssen
The Voice Of The People. Volume 9 : Rig-a-jig-jig : dance music of the south of England: The Traditional Music of England, Ireland, Scotland & Wales
Latein collection
Easy bar piano latin : easy pieces for piano solo
Dances of England and France from 1450 to 1600 : with their music and authentic manner of performance
Fatback's Soul Shop
Hep cats holiday
Live at farmer's inn
American dance bands on record and film, 1915-1942
The Magic of Mantovani album
Fania DJ Series :  Gilles Peterson / [compiled by] Gilles Peterson
Masters of modern : Six
C.f.d.10 : Films and shows
Lawrence Welk's polka : folio for piano and piano accordion
Gold Star Ballroom : Slow fox
The original letkiss comes from finland
The Charleston days
Let's dance the bossa nova
Shaman's Breath
A choreographer's handbook
Yhteenveto (Finnish summary)
Hustle! : Reggae Disco Kingston London New York
Puttin' on the Ritz
Move the way you feel : effects of musical features, perceived emotions, and personality on music-induced movement
Gold Star Ballroom : Quick-step
Do you like my tight sweater?
Anacaona : the Buena Vista Sister's Club : the amazing story of Cuba's forgotten girl band
Shall we dance? : music from the motion picture
Come and get it
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year with the Carl Nelke Company
My body moves in music therapy : body movements and their role in music therapy in the treatment of depression and an eating disorder : a case study
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Dictionary of dance rhythms : supplementary book no. 1 = Dictionnaire de rythmes = Rhytmen-lexikon
Let's dance the jive
Rock city : the best of dancelife's swings, jives & buggs
Gold Star Ballroom : Waltz
How to remix
Hits of Madonna
