http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18132 dystonia
dystonia
Botulinum toxin A treatment in children with spastic cerebral palsy : studies on injection techniques and doses
Health professionals' guide to physical management of parkinson's disease
Therapy guide spasticity-dystonia
Pathophysiology, pharmacology, and biochemistry of dyskinesia
Hemodynamic reactions to circulatory stress tests in patients with neurocirculatory dystonia
Dystonia and dystonic syndromes
Movement disorders in clinical practice
The story of Claudius has often been told before. Ancient writers saw the emperor as the dupe of his wives and palace insiders; Robert Graves tried to rehabilitate him as a far shrewder, if still frustrated, politician. In this book, Josiah Osgood shifts the focus off the personality of Claudius and on to what his tumultuous years in power reveal about the developing political culture of the early Roman Empire. What precedents set by Augustus were followed? What had to be abandoned? How could a new emperor win the support of key elements of Roman society? This richly illustrated discussion draws on a range of newly discovered documents, exploring events that move far beyond the city of Rome and Italy to Egypt and Judea, Morocco and Britain. Claudius Caesar provides a new perspective not just on Claudius himself, but on all Roman emperors, the Roman Empire, and the nature of empires more generally.
Deep brain stimulation
The current concept of dystonic movement connects the abnormal function of somatosensory pathways and somatosensory analyzers with the dystonic performance of motor action, which is based on the abnormality of sensorimotor integration. This concept is reflected not only in idiopathic dystonia, but also in secondary and symptomatic dystonias. This book will give a comprehensive account of the history of the terms dystonia and dystonic, the physiology of dystonic movement and the genetics and clinical appearance of primary and secondary dystonias. Taking into consideration latest research findin.
Music, motor control and the brain
Portrait of Elli
Summary.
Botulinum-toxin therapy
Claudius Caesar : image and power in the early Roman Empire
