http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18198 legal act
legal act juristic act
Legal principles in Community law after the Treaty of Amsterdam
Public law of the European Community : text, materials and commentary
The European Union : a polity of states and peoples
Decisions and reports
Direct copyright revenue streams in creative industries in Finland : evaluation model
Ideology in the language of judges : how judges practice law, politics, and courtroom control
European human rights : taking a case under the convention
International institutional law : unity within diversity
Actions for annulment and the right to effective judicial protection : the criteria for admissibility under article 263(4) TFEU
Economic contribution of copyright-based industries in Finland 2005-2008
Problem of the parallel enforcement system in European leniency and the effects of the United States
The Judicial House of Lords 1876-2009
The Iraq War and international law
The ethics of legal coercion
Zhongguo fazhi fazhan baogao. 9 (2011) = Annual report on China's rule of law. 9 (2011)
The language of the law
Law of the European Convention on human rights
The House of Lords has served as the highest court in the UK for over 130 years. In 2009 a new UK Supreme Court will take over its judicial functions, closing the doors on one of the most influential legal institutions in the world, and a major chapter in the history of the UK legal system. This volume gathers over 40 leading scholars and practitioners from the UK and beyond to provide a comprehensive history of the House of Lords as a judicial institution, charting its role, working practices, reputation and impact on the law and UK legal system. The book examines the origins of the House's judicial work; the different phases in the court's history; the international reputation and influence of the House in the legal profession; the domestic perception of the House outside the law; and the impact of the House on the UK legal tradition and substantive law. The book offers an invaluable overview of the Judicial House of Lords and a major historical record for the UK legal system as it opens the next chapter in its history.
Asserting jurisdiction : international and European legal perspectives
Human rights and Europe
Protecting human rights : the European dimension, studies in honour of Gérard J. Wiarda = Protection des droits de l'homme : la dimension européenne, mélanges en l'honneur de Gérard J. Wiarda
Theory and practice of the European Convention on Human Rights
The law and practice of banking. 1, Banker and customer
Jurisdiction in international law
The doctrine of res judicata
Order in court : the organisation of verbal interaction in judicial settings
Permanent establishment in cross-border construction projects : when is there a permanent establishment
Decision-making, personhood and dementia : exploring the interface
The European ombudsman : origins, establishment, evolution
War and self-defense
Human rights in armed conflict
The division of competences between EC and member states in environmental law
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1998
Franchising : practice and precedents in business format franchising
Establishing a business in Finland
Chameleons, unruly horses, golden eagles, and sea dragons : The menagerie of public policy exceptions to recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards in the United States and Europe
Building parliament : 50 years of European Parliament history : 1958-2008
The enforceability of promises in European contract law
Computerization of criminal justice information systems : realities, prospects, methods and effects : report of the European Seminar held in Popowo, Poland, 18-22 May 1987.
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committtee
Textbook on international law
Targeted killings : law and morality in an asymmetrical world
European human rights law review
Textbook on EC law
Siviiliasiain nimikkeistö 2002 = Nomenklatur för civilmål 2002 = Nomenclatur of civil cases 2002.
Article 177 References to the European Court : policy and practice
This book compares institutions of preventative justice in Germany, France, England, Sweden, Estonia and the U.S. (Maine, New York). The centre of focus is on the continental European notariat and corresponding institutions in legal cultures without notariats. The comparative description of preventative justice consists mainly of an analysis of residential real estate transactions and the function of land registers as meaningful elements of preventative justice. The result of the comparative work indicates the significant value of a well-organized notariat regarding costs and quality. Attempts of the European Commission to weaken the system of preventative justice of continental legal cultures should be analyzed carefully and with some scepticism.
Social work with children
Theory and practice of the European convention on human rights
The European Community, the European Union, and the international law of treaties : a comparative legal analysis of the community and union's external treaty-making practice
Interpreters and the legal process
Key case-law extracts : European Court of Human Rights
The exclusive treaty-making power of the European Community up to the period of the Single European Act
New limits : a legal comment on a case about freedom of expression and hate speech
The practice of court interpreting
The margin of appreciation doctrine in the dynamics of European human rights jurisprudence
Criminal act, criminal jurisdiction and criminal justice
The United Nations commission on human rights and the different treatment of governments : an inseparable part of promoting and encouraging respect for human rights?
European Community law and civil remedies in England and Wales
Understanding powers of international organizations : a study of the doctrines of attributed powers, implied powers and constitutionalism - with a special focus on the Human Rights Committee
Digest of Strasbourg case-law relating to the European convention on human rights. Vol. 2, (Article 6)
The civil law notary - neutral lawyer for the situation : a comparative study on preventative justice in modern societies
Beauty and the beasts : on museums, art, the law, and the market
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 2000
Jurisdiction and the ambit of the criminal law
The Brussels jurisdiction and enforcement convention : an EC court casebook
The Committee on Amnesty of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa
Personal jurisdiction and cyberspace : a new challenge for the established doctrine
Critical perspectives on user involvement
Revising the standards and the supervisory system of the ILO : The role of fundamental rights and principles
The law of contract
The law of carriage by inland transport
It is hereby performed... : explorations in legal speech acts
English summary
The EU constitution : the best way forward?
Concise introduction to EU private international law
Concurrent liability of the Community and the member states
The competing jurisdictions of international courts and tribunals
Policy and pragmatism in the conflict of laws
The question of competence in the European Union
The admissibility of human rights petitions : the case of the European Commission of Human Rights and the Human Rights Committee
The Handbook of the international law of military operations
The duty to rescue : the jurisprudence of aid
The power of a court to adjust unreasonable terms in the by-laws of a corporation
Abstract.
The ABC of European Union law
Justifying intellectual property
Digest of Strasbourg case-law relating to the European Convention on Human Rights. Vol. 1, (Articles 1-5)
Third Party Funding in International Arbitration
Oikeustilastollinen vuosikirja = Rättsstatistisk årsbok = Yearbook of justice statistics. 1999
Financial statements : A crusade for current values
Criminal jurisdiction of states - an international law framework
The constitution for Europe : a legal analysis
Law and action : reflections on collective legal actions
From data protection to knowledge machines : the study of law and informatics
