http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18173 investigative learning
investigative learning
Understanding the Reggio approach : early years education in practice
Teaching science as investigations : modeling inquiry through learning cycle lessons
Towards realization of research and development in a university of applied sciences
Teaching information literacy for inquiry-based learning
How to be an explorer of the world : portable life museum
Connecting inquiry and professional learning in education : international perspectives and practical solutions
Teacher as researcher : pictures and perspectives of teacher professionalism
Collaborative design in a virtual learning environment : three design experiments in textile teacher education
"How often do your primary school pupils have the opportunity to engage in open-ended, sustained pieces of work that offer them choice and control? Do you find the curriculum restricts openings to provide your pupils with real challenge? Is your school grappling with finding effective ways in which to elicit authentic pupil voice? Children as Researchers in Primary Schools is an innovative and unique resource for practitioners supporting children to become 'real world' researchers in the primary classroom. It will supply you with the skills and ideas to implement a 'Children as Researchers' framework for your classroom that can be adapted for different ages and abilities. With the current emphasis in lesson planning on 'bite-size' learning, children in primary schools are accustomed to being set short-term goals. They are rarely aware of long term aims or of the connections between the concepts and skills they are learning. In contrast, children engaging in research processes gain invaluable experience, can manage their own projects and learn with greater self-esteem. Based on the author's four-year research study exploring the experiences of young researchers and teachers in primary schools, this book contains: - The history and theory behind the 'Children as Researchers' initiative; - Models for good practice based on successful real life case studies; - Questions for reflective practice; - Practical examples of research in the classroom; - Photocopiable resources; - Opportunities for self-evaluation. This comprehensive resource will be appeal to primary teachers, educational practitioners and students on CPD and ITT courses. It will also be of interest to teacher trainers and academics involved in teaching and research"--
Developing inquiry for learning : reflecting collaborative ways to learn how to learn in higher education
Primary student teachers' climate change conceptualization and implementation on inquiry-based and communicative science teaching : a design research
Implementing inquiry beyond the school : companion resources for implementing inquiry in science and mathematics at school
Inquiry-guided learning
I as a teacher : student teacher's journey to professionalism by means of reflection
Perspectives on knowledge creating inquiry in higher education
Socially shared metacognitive regulation during collaborative learning processes in student dyads and small groups
Meaning-centered education : international perspectives and explorations in higher education
Making a difference : a report on Learning by Developing -innovation in higher education at Laurea Univercity of Applied Sciences
Videobased learning and teaching in wellbeing studies in vocational teacher  education
"Synthesizing cutting-edge research from multiple disciplines, this book explores how young children acquire knowledge in the "real world" and describes practical applications for early childhood classrooms. The breadth and depth of a child's knowledge base are important predictors of later literacy development and academic achievement. Leading scholars describe the processes by which preschoolers and primary-grade students acquire knowledge through firsthand experiences, play, interactions with parents and teachers, storybooks, and a range of media. Chapters on exemplary instructional strategies vividly show what teachers can do to build children's content knowledge while also promoting core literacy skills"--
Novel approach to organize higher education in regional units
Learning for life in the 21st century : sociocultural perspectives on the future of education
Individual differences in computer-supported inquiry learning : motivational analyses
Technology enhanced learning and cognition
Inquiry-based learning for the arts, humanities, and social sciences : a conceptual and practical resource for educators
Supporting grade 5-8 students in constructing explanations in science : the claim, evidence, and reasoning framework for talk and writing
Scaffolding science inquiry through lesson design
A focus on fractions : bringing research to the classroom
Instructional strategies for middle and high school : second edition
Thinking through quality questioning : deepening student engagement
The social construction of learning and teaching in a classroom community of inquiry
Navigating in educational contexts : identities and cultures in dialogue
Researching learning in virtual worlds
Knowledge and practice : reprensentations and identities
Student perceptions of learning English for specific purposes through ICT-enhanced peer design of instructional materials
Integrative student-centred research and development work : sample of evidence series. Volume (1)
"This dynamic approach to an exciting form of teaching and learning will inspire students to gain insights and complex thinking skills from the school library, their community, and the wider world. "--
Enriching primary student teachers’ conceptions about science teaching : Towards dialogic inquiry-based teaching
Research-based school and teacher education : publication of Finnish teacher training schools 2014
"Subject Areas/Keywords: classrooms, content areas, curriculum, developmental psychology, early childhood education, early intervention, early literacy, educational psychology, families, family, instructional methods, knowledge acquisition, parents, pedagogy, play, preschool, teaching, texts, vocabulary, young children DESCRIPTION Synthesizing cutting-edge research from multiple disciplines, this book explores how young children acquire knowledge in the "real world" and describes practical applications for early childhood classrooms. The breadth and depth of a child's knowledge base are important predictors of later literacy development and academic achievement. Leading scholars describe the processes by which preschoolers and primary-grade students acquire knowledge through firsthand experiences, play, interactions with parents and teachers, storybooks, and a range of media. Chapters on exemplary instructional strategies vividly show what teachers can do to build children's content knowledge while also promoting core literacy skills"--
Teaching science as inquiry
How to design educational settings to promote collaborative inquiry : pedagogical infrastructures for technology-enhanced progressive inquiry
Learning by developing
Teachers' intelligent networks : study on relationship-based professional development supported by collaborative learning technologies
Guided inquiry design : a framework for inquiry in your school
Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is a learner-centered and active learning environment where deep learning is cultivated by a process of inquiry owned by the learner. IBL has its roots in a constructivist educational philosophy and it is oriented around at least three components: 1) exploration and discovery (e.g. problem-based learning, open meaning-making), 2) authentic investigations using contextualized learning (e.g. field studies, case studies), and 3) research-based approach (e.g. research-based learning, project-based learning). IBL encourages more self-regulated learning because the primary responsibility is on the learners to determine the issues and research questions and the resources they need to address the questions. In this way, learning occurs across all learning domains (affective, cognitive, and social) because different types of knowledge are acquired though experience with complex, real-life problems. This volume serves as a conceptual and practical resource and guide for educators and offers practical examples of IBL in action and diverse strategies for how to implement IBL in different contexts.
Blended learning in higher education : framework, principles, and guidelines
Guided inquiry : learning in the 21st century
Knowledge development in early childhood : sources of learning and classroom implications
Telling stories with photo essays : a guide for prek-5 teachers
Orchestrating inquiry learning
Understanding the Reggio approach : reflections on the early childhood experience of Reggio Emilia
"Developing Inquiry for Learning shows how university tutors can help students to improve their abilities to learn and to become professional inquirers. The number of students participating in Higher Education increases every year, along with the assumption that learning is a relatively passive process. University tutors need to have the tools to be able to respond to a modern teaching environment that demands a diverse spectrum of skills. They must be able to help students become collaborative learners and independently motivated rather than subsisting on a spoon-fed approach. In the innovative and practically proven approach developed by the authors of this book, students are guided to implement action research into their learning practices and reflections. Using a rolling programme of cyclical inquiries and whole group 'conferences' on improving learning, students write 'patches' on learning development which are then shared across the year group online. Each student's cumulative set of patches, together with their regular reflective writing, provide the basis for assembling a composite final assignment, a 'patchwork text', for assessment. This style of curriculum and assessment organization encourages regular peer feedback and formative assessment, as part of the whole module process. This is a dynamic approach which builds personal confidence within students both as learners and as professionals. Providing teaching materials and examples of students' responses, including the use of Blogs, Wikis and Discussion Boards, Developing Inquiry for Learning analyses and theorises on the deeper characteristics of the difficulties being addressed"-- Provided by publisher.
Children are continually developing ideas and explanations about their natural world. ... Some of these ideas are consistent with the science children are taught; others differ significantly from scientific explanations. Many of these ideas will follow students into adulthood if they remain hidden from the teacher and unresolved. The challenge for teachers is to find ways to elicit these ideas and then use appropriate strategies to move students learning forward. Page Keeley, author of the bestselling NSTA Press series Uncovering Student Ideas in Science You don t have to become a mind reader to understand the ideas young students bring to science class. This collection will help you draw out and then recognize what students know or think they know about the natural world. What Are They Thinking? is a compendium of 30 Formative Assessment Probes columns from NSTA s elementary journal Science and Children. Each chapter provides: A sample formative assessment probe: a set of interesting questions that root out commonly held, often-mistaken ideas. Geared to elementary students, probe topics range from why you can see the Moon in the daytime to where water goes when it evaporates to what is or isn t a rock. Your students answers to each probe will help you take a step back and figure out how to guide them from where they are conceptually to where they need to be. Accompanying teacher notes: easy-to-grasp explanations and advice that tell you how to encourage evidence-based discussion and then monitor students understanding. A bonus feature: a set of study group questions written especially for this compendium by award-winning author Page Keeley. So forget about acquiring psychic powers. Instead, turn to What Are They Thinking? to transform both your teaching and your students learning about science.
Problem-based learning : an inquiry approach
Scaffolding learning activities with collaborative scripts and mobile devices
Inquiry in education. Volume1, The conceptual foundations for research as a curricular imperative
Developing the Pedagogy of Joy as a teacher researcher through project action research called Sleeping Beauty
Children as researchers in primary schools : choice, voice, and participation
What are they thinking? : promoting elementary learning through formative assessment PB348X
Democratic discipline in learning communities : theory and practice
Student perceptions of learning English for specific purposes through ICT-enchanced peer design of instructional materials
Scaffolding inquiry in science education by means of computer supported collaborative learning : pupils' and teacher students' experiences
Guided inquiry : learning in the 21st century school
Towards innovation pedagogy : a new approach to teaching and learning for universities of applied sciences
Inquiry in education. Volume 2, Overcoming barriers to successful implementation
Practical work in secondary science : a minds-on approach
Challenging the school mathematics culture : an investigative small-group approach : ethnographic teacher research on social and sociomathematical norms
