http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18165 marble
marble
Meaningful materiality? : artistic materials and their sense making function in contemporary three-dimensional art / Trine Grøne
The chromian marbles of Kittilä, Finnish Lapland
Historic floors : their history and conservation
Stones of the Parthenon
Carrara : the marble quarries of Tuscany
Surfaces : visual research for artists, architects, and designers
The study of marble and other stones used in Antiquity : Asmosia III Athens : transactions of the 3rd international symposium of the Association for the Study of Marble..
The 5th-century B.C. poet Pindar remarked on the rich sculptural decoration of the Athenian Agora, and, indeed, over 3,500 pieces of various types of sculpture have been uncovered during its excavation. This full-color guide sheds new light on the marble industry in and around the Agora, including rich evidence for sculptors' workshops, their tools, and techniques. The text discusses the works of both famous and anonymous artists.
Decorating with marble, stone and granite
The making of sculpture : the materials and techniques of European sculpture
"In this book, the first comprehensive history of the collecting of antiquities in Great Britain, Jonathan Scott gives portraits of the principal collectors, describes the mechanics of the art trade, excavation procedures and export regulations, and takes us to the beautiful sculpture galleries that were created for Castle Howard, Holkham, Newby and other imposing country seats. The book also explores the impact of antiquities on contemporary taste and explains why collecting Greek and Roman art fell out of fashion as tastes changed. Generously illustrated with views of the interiors of collectors' houses from the seventeenth century onward, Scott presents in copious detail the story of private British collectors of classical antiquities and the influence of their remarkable collections."--BOOK JACKET.
The Farnese sculptures
The Aphrodite of Knidos and her successors : a historical review of the female nude in Greek art
ASMOSIA VII : actes du VIIe colloque international de l'ASMOSIA ; organisé par l'École française d'Athènes, le National Center for Scientific Research Dimokritos, la 18e éphorie des antiquités préhistoriques et classiques, Kavala, et l'Institute of Geology and Mineral Exploration, Thasos, 15-20 septembre 2003 = proceedings of the 7th International Conference of Association for the Study of Marble and Other Stones in Antiquity, organized by the French School of Athens, the National Center for Scientific Research "Dimokritos," the 18th Ephoreia of Prehistoric and Classical Antiquities (Kavala), and the Institute of Geology and Mineral Exploration, Thassos, September 15-20, 2003
Meaningful materiality? : artistic materials and their sense making function in contemporary three-dimensional art
Ancient white marbles : analysis and identification by paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy
Marble in antiquity : collected papers of J. B. Ward-Perkins
Marble in the world : the stone industry and its trade
Natural stones : marble granite stone directory
Exploring David : diagnostic tests and state on conservation
The Elgin marbles : schould they be returned to Greece?
The materials of sculpture
Stone and marble carving : a manual for the student sculptor. Alec Miller
Stone conservation : principles and practice
The handbook of painted decoration : the tools, materials, and step-by-step techniques of trompe lóeil painting : with 830 illustrations, 775 in colour
Methodoi syntērēsēs tou Pentelikou marmarou / Methods for the conservation of Pentelic marble / Theodore Skoulikidis
The Elgin marbles
Baroque artifical marble : environmental impacts, deradation and protection ENVIART
Aphrodisias'tan Roma Portreleri = Roman portraits from Aphrodisias
The Olympia Master and his collaborators
Bernini's beloved : a portrait of Costanza Piccolomini
Marble : art historical and scientific perspectives on ancient sculpture : papers delivered at a symposium organized by the Departments of Antiquities and Antiquities Conservation and held at the J. Paul Getty Museum April 28-30, 1988
The Ara Pacis Augustae and the imagery of abundance in later Greek and early Roman imperial art
Natural stone in the world : directory 2006.
Pavimenti a Venezia = The floors of Venice
Roman marble quarries in southern Euboea and the associated road systems
Three decades of the Finlandia Hall
The study of marble and other stones used in antiquity : Asmosia III Athens : transactions of the 3rd International Symposium of the Association for the Study of Marble and Other Stones used in Antiquity / edited by Yannis Maniatis ... [et al.]
Laboratory testing of marble
Marbleworkers in the Athenian Agora
The pleasures of antiquity : British collectors of Greece and Rome
