http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18147 urban space
urban space
This book examines the phenomenon of urban fear – the increasing anxiety over crime and violence in Western cities despite their high safety – with a view to developing a comprehensive, critical, exploratory theory of fear, space, and urban planning that unravels the paradoxes of their mutual relations. By focusing especially on the southern European cities of Palermo and Lisbon, the book also aims to expand upon recent studies on urban geopolitics, enriching them from the perspective of ordinary, as opposed to global, cities. Readers will find enlightening analysis of the ways in which urban fear is (re)produced, including by misinformative discourses on security and fear and the political construction of otherness as a means of exclusion. The spatialization of fear, e.g., through fortification, privatization, and fragmentation, is explored, and the ways in which urban planning is informed by and has in turn been shaping urban fear are investigated. A concluding chapter considers divergent potential futures and makes a call for action. The book will appeal to all with an interest in whether, and to what extent, the production of ‘fearscapes’, the contemporary landscapes of fear, constitutes an emergent urban political economy.
City and cosmos : the medieval world in urban form
The hidden dimension
KM3 : excursions on capacities ; the 3D city
The gentrification of nightlife and the right to the city : regulating spaces of social dancing in New York
Grafficity. Visual Practices and Contestations in Urban Space
Genişleyen dünyada sanat, kent ve siyaset : 9. uluslararasi Istanbul Bienali'nden metinler = Art, city and politics in an expanding world : writings from the 9th international Istanbul Biennial
The politics of civic space in Asia : building urban communities
"Urban and natural environments are often viewed as entirely separate entities -- human settlements as the domain of architects and planners, and natural areas as untouched wilderness. This dichotomy continues to drive decision-making in subtle ways, but with the mounting pressures of global climate change and declining biodiversity, it is no longer viable. New technologies are promising to provide renewable energy sources and greener designs, but real change will require a deeper shift in values, attitudes, and perceptions.
New urban hybrids - re-setting borders, combining scales
Urban alphabets : a smartphone application to change public space for the user
Cities for sale :  how economic globalization transforms the local public sphere
Intersecting travelogues : wandering through practices and archaeologies of space, place and image
Power and culture / : new perspectives on spatiality in European history
Personal technology in public places : face and mobile video
"Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature--places we escape to and can't escape from--have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating"--
Performance and the contemporary city : an interdisciplinary reader
Introduction : peripherality and literary urban studies
Lefebvre for architects
Porta Palazzo : the anthropology of an Italian market
Meanings of an urban space : understanding the historical layers of Viborg
Hanging out with young people, urban spaces and ideas : openings to dwelling, participation and thinking
Hyperborean wind : reflections on design and the city
"While the work of Henri Lefebvre has become better known in the English-speaking world since the 1991 translation of his 1974 masterpiece, The Production of Space, his influence on the actual production of architecture and the city has been less pronounced. Although now widely read in schools of architecture, planning and urban design, Lefebvre's message for practice remains elusive; inevitably so because the entry of his work into the Anglosphere has come with repression of the two most challenging aspects of his thinking: romanticism and Utopia, which simultaneously confront modernity while being progressive. Contemporary discomfort with romanticism and Utopia arguably obstructs the shift of Lefebvre's thinking from being objects of theoretical interest into positions of actually influencing practices. Attempting to understand and act upon architecture and the city with Lefebvre but without Utopia and romanticism risks muting the impact of his ideas. Although Utopia may seem to have no place in the present, Lefebvre reveals this as little more than a self-serving affirmation that 'there is no alternative' to social and political detachment. Demanding the impossible may end in failure but as Lefebvre shows us, doing so is the first step towards other possibilities. To think with Lefebvre is to think about Utopia, doing so makes contact with what is most enduring about his project for the city and its inhabitants, and with what is most radical about it as well. Lefebvre for Architects offers a concise account of the relevance of Henri Lefebvre's writing for the theory and practice of architecture, planning and urban design. This book is accessible for students and practitioners who wish to fully engage with the design possibilities offered by Lefebvre's philosophy"--
City-making : a multi-stakeholder approach for Helsinki
Kuala Lumpur and Putrajaya : negotiating urban space in Malaysia
A slant of light : a novel
Heterotopia and the city : public space in a postcivil society
Näkyvän taa : Helsinkiläistä kaupunkitutkimusta = Bortom det synliga : Helsingforsisk stadsforskning = Beyond the visible : urban research in Helsinki : [Jugendsali, Helsinki, 1999]
"Geomedia offers critical analysis of the new possibilities and power relations emerging in the public space of contemporary cities. As ubiquitous digital networks enable embedded and mobile devices to integrate place-specific data with real-time feedback circuits, everyday experience of public space has become subject to new demands. Looking beyond debates framed by the dominance of surveillance and spectacle, McQuire asks: how might the kind of collaborative practices that have flourished in art and online cultures be translated into urban space? In the urban crisis of the 1960s, Henri Lefebvre argued that the capacity for a city&rsquo;s inhabitants to actively appropriate the time and space of their surroundings was a critical dimension of modern democracy. What does it mean to speak of &lsquo;the right to the city&rsquo; in the context of the networked city? Addressing this question through a series of case studies, this cutting-edge text highlights the tensions between citizen and consumer, communication and surveillance, participation and control, which define contemporary struggles over public space"--
Silent image : the CityBeat project
Towards engaging multipurpose public displays : design space and case studies
Cities are among humanity's greatest achievements, yet no single individual or organization creates them. The buildings, streets, gardens, and public artworks of even a small town embody substantial investments of money, natural resources, and political capital. Much more than the sum of its parts, a settlement's vitality comes from its collective composition. Urban Composition: Developing Community through Design shows architects, planners, artists, and engineers how they can best fulfill their public trust to help make meaningful urban places. This well-illustrated overview provides a conceptual framework for designing buildings and plans for large cities or small towns. The chapters address the importance of a project's potential context, the roles that a built form plays within that context, and ways to inspire new forms in our shared environment. Mark C. Childs asks the reader to consider specific urban design challenges and outlines solutions through successful examples in the United States and abroad.
Skateboarding, space and the city : architecture and body / Iain Borden
Helsinki in early twentieth-century literature : urban experiences in Finnish prose fiction 1890-1940
Eduard Vilde and Tallinn's dynamic peripheries, 1858-1903
Cultural activism as a counter-discourse to the European Capital of Culture programme : the case of Turku 2011
Explores how and why civic spaces are used by different communities in Asia and what role urban governance and public participation play in the support or demise of communities. This book provides insights into the importance and value of civic space. It is suitable for those interested in urban planning, urban design, as well as Asian studies.
Flashback 2011 : Turku Euroopan kulttuuripääkaupunki 2011 = Åbo Europas kulturhuvudstad 2011 = Turku European Capital of Culture 2011 / [toimitus = redaktör = editor: Susse Määttänen ; työryhmä = arbetsgrupp = working group: Päivi Autere, Saara Malila]
Longing belonging : an outsider at home in Calcutta
Between pleasure and virtue : the ambivalence of public space today
Architecture Now! = Architektur heute = L'architecture d'aujourd'hui. 7
City publics : the (dis)enchantments of urban encounters
Spatial data infrastructure for sustainable urban regeneration
The integration of digital technologies into urban life and environments has accelerated rapidly over the past few decades. It has been well established that this digital augmentation is changing the way we use and experience urban places; however, more studies, especially at the micro-level and from an architectural point of view, must be conducted in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon.In this thesis, I examine the experience and evaluation of digitally augmented public urban places through four case studies, analysing participants' experiences of adaptive lighting pilots and urban displays deployed in real world settings. Digital augmentations were found to be able to alter the genius loci significantly; furthermore, findings from these case studies demonstrate and explain how co-design, existing use patterns and user groups in urban places, climate and weather, and sense of place affect digital augmentations.The thesis makes a methodological contribution in the form of evaluation probes. This method was developed by modifying the cultural probes method for the purposes of evaluative research of design artefacts. The proposed method allows for the emic evaluation of design artefacts without direct researcher presence. In other case studies, I have used ethnographically inspired methods to gather research materials.In analysing research materials I make a theoretical contribution by introducing the concept of emplacement into architectural research. This concept highlights the importance of place in our experience as embodied individuals. Based on my empirical results, I argue for the design of meaningful emplaced experiences through digital augmentation. I also chart the design challenges that have emerged from my studies, utilising them to develop a holistic model that aims to describe experiences of digital augmentation in public urban places.Overall, the thesis proposes participatory design evaluation as a new approach in the field of architecture. It refers to the examination and utilisation of research participants' intersubjective accounts in the evaluation of design artefacts from an experiential point of view. I argue for the benefits of this approach for the further inclusion of research knowledge in design and planning processes.
Notions of the city : notes on a place
Walking in the European city : quotidian mobility and urban ethnography
Moved by the City : experiences of Helsinki in Finnish Prose Fiction 1889-1941
Language, space and power : urban entanglements
Concrete reveries : consciousness and the city
City spaces - tourist places : urban tourism precincts
Smart futures meet northern realities: anthropological perspectives on the design and adoption of urban computing
Space Time Play : computer games, architecture and urbanism : the next level
Fear, space and urban planning : a critical perspective from Southern Europe
A timely and important collection, The Natural City explores how to integrate the natural environment into healthy urban centres from philosophical, religious, socio-political, and planning perspectives. Recognizing the need to better link the humanities with public policy, The Natural City offers unique insights for the development of an alternative vision of urban life."
New spaces which we couldn't imagine : re-envisioning the city in Ben Okri's The famished road
Urban design, space and society
City of neighborhoods : memory, folklore, and ethnic place in Boston
Imagining the city. Vol. 2, The politics of urban space
Publics and the city
"A Selection of the Library of Science, History, and Military Book Clubs  "One of the finest science writers I've ever read." -Los Angeles Times  "Ellard has a knack for distilling obscure scientific theories into practical wisdom." -New York Times Book Review  "[Ellard] mak[es] even the most mundane entomological experiment or exegesis of psychological geekspeak feel fresh and fascinating." -NPR  "Colin Ellard is one of the world's foremost thinkers on the neuroscience of urban design. Here he offers an entirely new way to understand our cities-and ourselves." -CHARLES MONTGOMERY, author of Happy City: Transforming Our Lives Through Urban Design  Our surroundings can powerfully affect our thoughts, emotions, and physical responses, whether we're awed by the Grand Canyon or Hagia Sophia, panicked in a crowded room, soothed by a walk in the park, or tempted in casinos and shopping malls. In Places of the Heart, Colin Ellard explores how our homes, workplaces, cities, and nature-places we escape to and can't escape from-have influenced us throughout history, and how our brains and bodies respond to different types of real and virtual space. As he describes the insight he and other scientists have gained from new technologies, he assesses the influence these technologies will have on our evolving environment and asks what kind of world we are, and should be, creating.  Colin Ellard is the author of You Are Here: Why We Can Find Our Way to the Moon, but Get Lost in the Mall. A cognitive neuroscientist at the University of Waterloo and director of its Urban Realities Laboratory, he lives in Kitchener, Ontario. "--
St Petersburg : shadows of the past
Developing laser scanning applications for mapping and monitoring single tree characteristics for the needs of urban forestry
Relocations : queer suburban imaginaries
EverymansStreet
Neverwhere
Urban furniture selection
Cityscapes in the Americas and beyond : representations of urban complexity in literature and film
21st century urban block - node of the network city : publication of the YTK/IFHP Urban Planning and Design Summer School 2013
Urban culture spaces - city as cultural space
Public parks : the key to livable communities
Urban composition : developing community through design
Rich cities with poor people : waterfront regeneration in the Netherlands and Scotland
Extrastatecraft : the power of infrastructure space
"Infrastructure is not only the underground pipes and wires that control our cities but also the hidden rules for structuring the spaces all around us--free trade zones, smart cities, suburbs and malls. Extrastatecraft charts the rise of the hidden rules that control this "infrastructure space," and shows how it is creating new forms of power, beyond the reach of government. In a series of fascinating case studies, Easterling visits fields of infrastructure with the greatest impact on our world-- tracking everything from standards for the thinness of credit cards, to the urbanism of mobile telephony as the world's largest shared platform, to the rules for the free zone as the most contagious new world city paradigm. In conclusion, she proposes some unexpected techniques for resisting power in a contemporary world"--
Cities of signs : learning the logic of urban spaces
Helsinki Central Railway Station : lighting as part of the urban space and its functions
FIFA street : PlayStation 3
Re-imagining the city : art, globalization and urban spaces
Assimilating Seoul : Japanese rule and the politics of public space in colonial Korea, 1910-1945
Urban geography : a critical introduction
Hack the city : take control
Geographies of rhythm : nature, place, mobilities and bodies
Adaptationen = Adaptations :  Kim Adams, Arnait Video Collective, CCS/Urban Think Tank ... [et al.] : apexart, New York, 7.1. - 7.2. 2004 : Kunsthalle Fridericianum, Kassel, 27.3. - 2.5.2004 / Redaktion = editing Birgit Eusterschulte, Barbara Heinrich
The neighbourhood rules : land-use interactions, urban dynamics and cellular automata modelling
Nuovi committenti : arte contemporanea, società e spazio pubblico = New patrons : contemporary art, society and public space / a cura di a. titolo [Giorgina Bertolino, Francesca Comisso, Nicoletta Leonardi, Lisa Parola, Luisa Perlo]
Tokyo : a spatial anthropology
Writing the modern city : literature, architecture, modernity
Cityscapes: islands of the self : proceedings of the 22nd AIA Conference, Cagliari 15-17 September 2005.. Volume 2, language studies
Notkea katu : yksin yhdessä : [Nykytaiteen museo Kiasma, 9.5. - 21.9.2008] = Fluid Street : alone, together : [Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma, 9.5. - 21.9.2008] / [toimittajat = editors Maaretta Jaukkuri, Jari-Pekka Vanhala]
Altistuminen erilaisuuden läsnäollessa = Exposure in the presence of difference / Richard Sennett
When culture goes to market : space, place and identity in an urban marketplace
Moral qualities of space, historical consciousness and symbolic boundaries in the Beyoğlu District of Istanbul
The language of cities
Concrete canvas : how street art is changing the way our cities look
Convivial urban spaces : creating effective public places
Kohti unelmien kaupunkia = Towards the city of our dreams
Methodologies in housing research
It is always like this
Place or space / Markku Hakuri (ed.)
Experience of being a stranger : Visual project Ä & ы : dialogues
Causing a scene : extraordinary pranks in ordinary places with Improv Everywhere
Trespass : a history of uncommissioned urban art
Constructing place
Siege of the spirits : community and polity in Bangkok
How to study public life
Space unjust : socio-spatial discrimination in urban public space : cases from Helsinki and Athens
Quest for space : streetvendors and the use of public spaces in two Latin American cities
The natural city : re-envisioning the built environment
Jalankulkijoiden aika = Time of the pedestrian / Peter Schjeldahl
Placing the practice of urban design in its political, economic and cultural context, this book sets out a clear and positive vision of the potential of urban design, and in particular its capacity to bring imagined futures into being for the benefit of the many. Urban Design, Space and Society shows how urban design is concerned not only with the aesthetics and practicalities of designing urban spaces, but also with the pursuit of social inclusiveness, participatory democracy, cultural meaning and ecological sustainability. It covers a broad range of interrelated themes and demostrates how social and political theories shed light on an understanding of urban design. Drawing on these theories, as well as the author's own research, the book guides the reader through the complex challenges that design practitioners must navigate in meeting the diverse needs of urban society in the twenty-first century. Providing a clear guide to the role and potential of urban design, this is an invaluable text for students and professionals for urban design as well as those from related disciplines such as planning, architecture and geography.
Finding a home in public space : street performance in Tallinn, Estonia and beyond
Life between buildings : using public space
Doing things differently : Women's Design Service at 20.
Space, the city and social theory : social relations and urban forms
Portraits of a city : an urban anthology
Improving the everyday, extending the centre : publication of the YTK/IFHP Urban Planning and Design Summer Schools 2011-2012
Walking in cities : quotidian mobility as urban theory, method, and practice
Experiencing and evaluating digital augmentation of public urban places
"Urban Geography presents a comprehensive introduction to a wide range of critical themes and concepts in contemporary urban geography, including patterns and processes of urbanization, urban development, urban planning, and life experiences in modern cities. Building upon a wide range of topical examples and illustrative case studies from cities across the world, the text brings to light the key ideas, concepts, and themes most widely utilized in critical geographical approaches to contemporary urban spaces."--
Imagining spaces and places / edited by Saija Isomaa ... [et al.]
Metropolitan preoccupations : the spatial politics of squatting in Berlin
Case studies in human information behaviour in smart urban spaces
"As Mayor of Curitiba, Brazil, architect and urbanist Jaime Lerner transformed his city into a global model of sustainability and livability. During more than forty years of innovation in cities, he has learned that changes do not need to be large-scale and expensive to transform -- one block, park, or person can have an outsized effect on life in the surrounding city."--Provided by publisher.
The dynamic landscape : design, ecology and management of naturalistic urban planting
Water fountains in the worldscape
A piece of the world : A Novel
Make_shift city : renegotiating the urban commons
Sound : sound in art and culture
Comics and the city : urban space in print, picture, and sequence
Metaphors in urban planning : from Garden City to Zwischenstadt and Netzstadt
Education policy, space, and the city : markets and the (in)visibility of race
City Art : New York`s Percent for Art Program
Back to the city : strategies for informal urban interventions : collaboration between artists and architects
Hands-on urbanism 1850-2012 : the right to green
Beauty in decay
Super public : a housing project in China
Kylässä, kaupungissa = In the village, in the city / Kaija Kaitavuori
City of noise : sound and nineteenth-century Paris
Space and languages : measuring differences
Arcade : artists and place-making / edited by Rhona Warwick
Urban spaces after socialism : ethnographies of public places in Eurasian cities
Warped space : art, architecture, and anxiety in modern culture
Unboxed : engagements in social space / edited by Jen Budney and Adrian Blackwell ; [published by G-101, Gallery 101 - Galerie 101]
The urban sociology reader
New city life
Geomedia : networked cities and the politics of urban space
Miller's Valley : a novel
Rethinking the meaning of place : conceiving place in architecture-urbanism
The Northern Esplanade of Helsinki and the Bolshaya Konyushennaya of St Petersburg : an analysis of street life in two central historical streets
Go with the flow : architecture, infrastructure and the everyday experience of mobility
Walking's new movement
Model city blues : urban space and organized resistance in New Haven
Places of the heart : the psychogeography of everyday life
