http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18145 rotation (motion)
rotation (motion)
Polar motion : historical and scientific problems : proceedings of IAU Colloquium 178 held in Cagliari, Sardinia, Italy, 27-30 September 1999
A vector model for perceived object rotation and translation in space
Non-linear journal bearing model for analysis of superharmonic vibrations of rotor systems
Principles of physics
Testing, comissioning and additional development of neural network application for condition monitoring of wind turbine drive train
Design of rotating electrical machines
Canon of insolation and the ice-age problem
Electrical transformers and rotating machines
Rotations, quaternions, and double groups
Vibrations in rotating machinery arising from minor imperfections in component geometries
"This book is an in-depth essential reference of rotating electrical machine design theory and application. In the first part of the book the general theory governing the design of an electrical machine is presented; addressing the necessary fundamentals of electromagnetic theory; exploring possible winding arrangements and resistances; describing the behaviour of the magnetic circuit and flux leakage. After this introduction of principles the main body of the book focuses on the design of a rotating electrical machine. The book defines basic characteristics such as machine type (e.g. synchronous, asynchronous, DC and doubly salient reluctance machines) and type of construction (e.g. external pole, internal pole, axial flux and radial flux machines). It then moves on to provide a detailed analysis of the design process and properties of rotating electrical machines including the insulation and heat removal options. The book illustrates the necessary analytical calculations for machine design through direct design examples i.e. a permanent magnet motor for normal speeds with rotor surface magnets, traditional squirrel cage induction motor, a low speed high torque fractional slot permanent magnet motor etc. "--
Earthbodies : rediscovering our planetary senses
Fundamentals of Physics : Mechanics, Relativity, and Thermodynamics
Quaternions and rotation sequences : a primer with applications to orbits, aerospace, and virtual reality
High resolution infrared spectroscopy on the fundamental bands of [sup 13]CH[sub 3]I
"This book is an in-depth essential reference of rotating electrical machine design theory and application"--
Fundamentals of physics
Lotus window : concentric rings structures for framing video narratives
The man who proved the earth rotates : the life and science of Léon Foucault : photographer, physicist, journalist, and astronomer
Rotating electrical machines. Part 1, Rating and performance
