http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18236 Father's Day
Father's Day
Diary of the fall
How the sun got to Coco's house
I love my birthday
Select bibliography
From the author of 'Giraffes Can't Dance' and award-winning creators of 'I Love My Mummy' and 'I Love My Daddy' comes a picture book about the fun and excitement of being a year older. From birthday kisses to party games with friends, all the joy of the big day is captured through true-to-life humour and lovely pictures.
The emperor of any place
National days : constructing and mobilising national identity
You can't eat a princess!
The box of red brocade
Omg! is this actually my life? : Hattie Moore's unbelievable year!
The lay of the land
Diary of a wimpy kid : the last straw
Women, men and children in families : private troubles and public issues
The obsidian mirror
The book of tomorrow
"Like national identity, national days involve a process of 'othering', saying who you are, as much as who you are not. If some countries (such as Scotland and Ireland) celebrate them far more strongly than their neighbour, England, why is that? Why is there no British day? Why should near-neighbours, Sweden, Norway and Finland, have such different traditions of national remembering? What if a national day and its associations are so tied into a previous political regime that they have become an embarrassment? Germany, Italy and South Africa have undergone radical political changes in the last 60 years, and with these, complex processes of forgetting and remembering. If national days have considerable political significance, whether positive or negative, they are also of major economic worth. Just as 'heritage' is not simply a matter of history, but of markets, so 'national days' have the potential to be major icons of national tourism. "--Book cover.
Presentation of 29 Finnish illustrators
Abstract: "Patriotism" as a political concept in Sweden in the 1860s.
The haunted life : and other writings
Middle-schooler Greg Heffley nimbly sidesteps his father's attempts to change Greg's wimpy ways until his father threatens to send him to military school.
