http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18249 staphylococci
staphylococci
Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar
Tiivistelmä: Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar.
Studies in staphylococci and staphylococcal immunity
Methicillin resistance in Staphylococci : horizontal transfer of mobile genetic element (SCCmec) between Staphylococcal species
Epidemiology of MRSA infections and its level of awareness among health care workers in Eastern Finland
Staphylococcus aureus and Lactobacillus crispatus : adhesive characteristics of two Gram-positive bacterial species
A platform for anti-biofilm assays : combining biofilm viability, biomass and matrix quantifications in susceptibility assessments of antimicrobials against Staphylococcus aureus biofilms
Abstract.
Molecular methods for the epidemiological analysis of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and Streptococcus pneumoniae
Epidemiology, treatment and outcome of Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia and endocarditis
Infectious disease
Acute and recurrent cellulitis
Between pathogenicity and commensalism
Infectious disease threats
An atlas of the clinical microbiology of infectious diseases. Volume l, Bacterial agents
Food microbiology laboratory
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci may persist
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Finland : recent changes in the epidemiology, long-term facility aspects, and phenotypic and molecular detection of isolates
Serine-like proteases in staphylococcus pseudintermedius
Binding of immunoglobulins by staphylococcal protein A
Studies on the self-disinfecting power of the skin
Staphylococcus aureus in bovine intramammary infection : molecular, clinical and epidemiological characteristics
Molecular epidemiology of methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus in Finland
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci
Abstract: Method validation - Enumeration of coagulase-positive staphy-lococci  This Bachelor's thesis was carried out for the Laboratory of Microbiology Quality of Valio R&D. The purpose of this thesis was to introduce an alternative method for the enumeration of coagulase-positive staphylococci which gives the final results quicker and is more cost-effective than the current ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method. The specifications of the validation were relative accuracy, linearity, precision and specificity.    The alternative methods, which were compared to the reference method, were chosen to be Brilliance Staph 24 and ISO 6888-2: 1999 (RPF) -techniques. The relative accuracy of the methods was studied with dairy products, which were artificially contaminated with three different contamination levels of Staphylococcus aureus -strain. The linearity of the methods was compared with one matrix and five different contamination levels. Certified reference material was used to determine the precision and specificity of the methods. The specificity of the methods was determined by inoculating closely related S. aureus -strains to the compared mediums and by examining normal matrix.    No significant differences were observed between the mean counts obtained in all of the alternative methods. Alternative methods had high (r > 0,99) correlation indices between the reference method. The accuracy and reproducibility of the alternative methods were acceptable level. The specificity of ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method gave some overestimations of coagulase-positive staphylococci due to overgrowth with competing flora. This added the need of tube coagulase tests and increased operating expenses of the method.    On the basis of the results of this thesis Brilliance Staph 24 was chosen to be taken into use at Valio. Brilliance Staph 24 showed a good degree of equivalence to the ISO 6888-1: 1999 -reference method for the enumeration of coagulase positive staphylococci. Brilliance Staph 24 was highly more specific compared to the current reference method, which allows lower numbers of confirmation tests.    Brilliance Staph 24 -medium is now FINAS-accredited and in use at Valio in Laboratory of Microbiology Quality and Lapinlahti Regional Laboratory.
Gram-positive pathogens
Molecular epidemiology of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in Finland
Biofilm-based healthcare-associated infections. Vol. 1
Bovine mastitis caused by coagulase-negative staphylococci : host response and bacterial factors
Two-Photon Excited Fluorescence Detection Technology in Screening for Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus aureus
Collins and Lyne's microbiological methods
Molecular epidemiology of staphylococcus epidermidis isolates in a hematological unit during a 4-month survey
Surface protein Pls of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus : role in adhesion, invasion and pathogenesis, and evolutionary aspects
Staphylococcus : molecular genetics
Innate immune evasion of microbes
Textbook of diagnostic microbiology
Purification and characterisation of a plasmin-sensitive surface protein of Staphylococcus aureus
Resistance of transgenic mice expressing human group II phospholipase A2 against bacterial infections
Two-photon excited fluorescence detection technology in screening for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus
A pharmaceutical human apotransferrin product for iron binding therapy
PET imaging of osteomyelitis : feasibility of 18F-FDG, 68Ga-chloride and 68Ga-DOTAVAP-P1 tracers in staphylococcal bone infections
Staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia - Disease progression and prognosis
Microbes colonize nearly every biotic and abiotic niche on our planet. This also includes our human body, which is densely populated with microbes, the majority of which interact with us in a commensal, sometimes even mutualistic, relationship. Only a minority of our microbiota are pathogenic organisms with the ability to cause infection.This book covers various aspects of the interplay between commensal and pathogenic bacteria with their hosts. The chapters summarize recent findings on the geno- and phenotypic traits of opportunistic bacterial pathogens, such as Escherichia coli, staphylococci or Pseudomonas aeruginosa, as well as the impact of commensal and probiotic bacteria on intestinal physiology and health. The differential interaction of pathogenic, commensal and probiotic bacteria with their host is reviewed from both the bacterial and the host?s perspective to round out this compilation of articles on the differences and similarities of pathogenic and commensal microorganisms.
Proteomic profiling of an opportunistic human and animal pathogen Staphylococcus epidermidis
Polyphenolic and essential oil composition of Mentha and their antimicrobial effect
