http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1829 heterosexuality
heterosexuality
Straight : the surprisingly short history of heterosexuality
With heterosexuality currently being examined more rigorously than ever before, this accessible and engaging book charts the development of feminist and sociological theorizing on sexuality and the emergence of a radical critique of heterosexuality. Stevi Jackson reviews a range of important theoretical and substantive issues, and she demonstrates an important shift in feminist thinking from an emphasis on male dominance within heterosexual relations to a critical perspective on heterosexuality itself. Her book will be relevant to scholars and students in the fields of women's studies, lesbian and gay studies and the sociology of sexuality.
Sex crimes in Islam : heterosexual and homosexual trasgressions in Sunnī Islam in the formative and medieval periods of Islamic law
Heterosexuality in question
Sexuality and sexual identity have been relatively marginalized areas in both social work education and practice. However, changes in policy and legislation in the UK and other countries over the past decade have brought discussions of sexuality into the mainstream public service agenda. In social work and social care, gay and lesbian citizenship rights have been explicitly recognised. In the fields of adoption and fostering new regulations and guidance have helped improve and develop practice around assessment and intervention. It remains the case, however, that sex is often perceived as a problem area within social work and social care, discussed only in relation to sexually diverse communities or in the realm of dysfunction or pathology. This collection aims to generate a more proactive and challenging discussion of sexuality and sexual identity in social work. Its starting point is that sexuality is an essential aspect of individual identity, that users must be able to express their sexuality, and that it is essential for social workers to be able to respond and discuss sexual issues appropriately. The contributions are informed by feminist research, considering, in particular, the experiences of women working in and using social care services since the 1990s. In addition to a consideration of the wider policy, legislative and service providers' perspectives, the book includes reflective accounts as well as research-led contributions, offering a comprehensive and balanced account of this important field, which aims to inform both theory and practice.
Rereading heterosexuality : feminism, queer theory, and contemporary fiction
Theorising heterosexuality : telling it straight
De-centring Western sexualities : Central and Eastern European perspectives
Queer phenomenology : orientations, objects, others
With a focus on c. 1100-c. 1800, this text explores the shifting meanings, languages, and practices of western sex.
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 3, A cultural history of sexuality in the Renaissance
Everyday sexism in the third millenium
Heterosexuality in Theory and Practice
Is love “blind” when it comes to gender? For women, it just might be. This unsettling and original book offers a radical new understanding of the context-dependent nature of female sexuality. Lisa M. Diamond argues that for some women, love and desire are not rigidly heterosexual or homosexual but fluid, changing as women move through the stages of life, various social groups, and, most important, different love relationships. This perspective clashes with traditional views of sexual orientation as a stable and fixed trait. But that view is based on research conducted almost entirely on men. Diamond is the first to study a large group of women over time. She has tracked one hundred women for more than ten years as they have emerged from adolescence into adulthood. She summarizes their experiences and reviews research ranging from the psychology of love to the biology of sex differences. Sexual Fluidity offers moving first-person accounts of women falling in and out of love with men or women at different times in their lives. For some, gender becomes irrelevant: “I fall in love with the person, not the gender,” say some respondents. Sexual Fluidity offers a new understanding of women's sexuality - and of the central importance of love.
A cultural history of sexuality
Transgender studies is the latest area of academic inquiry to grow out of the exciting nexus of queer theory, feminist studies, and the history of sexuality. Because transpeople challenge our most fundamental assumptions about the relationship between bodies, desire, and identity, the field is both fascinating and contentious. The Transgender Studies Reader puts between two covers fifty influential texts with new introductions by the editors that, taken together, document the evolution of transgender studies in the English-speaking world. By bringing together the voices and experience of transgender individuals, doctors, psychologists and academically-based theorists, this volume will be a foundational text for the transgender community, transgender studies, and related queer theory.
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
Are we thinking straight? : the politics of straightness in a lesbian and gay social movement organization
From macho huddles to gentle cuddles, the ways in which sportsmen relate as friends has radically changed. With homophobia stigmatized and gay teammates revered, today's jocks no longer fear being thought gay for behaviors that constrained men of the previous generation. In this eye-opening book, Professor Eric Anderson draws on hundreds of interviews with 15-22 year old straight and gay male athletes in both the United States and the United Kingdom to show how jocks have redefined heterosexuality: kissing on the lips, dancing together, cuddling in bed, and proudly proclaiming their bromance with other men.
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
Sexing the body : gender politics and the construction of sexuality
A critical introduction to queer theory
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Gaga feminism : sex, gender, and the end of normal
Ageing and sexualities : interdisciplinary perspectives
White weddings : romancing heterosexuality in popular culture
Over the past twenty years, transgender studies has emerged as a vibrant field of interdisciplinary scholarship. In 2006, Routledge's The Transgender Studies Reader brought together the first definitive collection of the field. Since its publication, the field has seen an explosion of new work that has expanded the boundaries of inquiry in many directions. The Transgender Studies Reader 2 gathers these disparate strands of scholarship, and collects them into a format that makes sense for teaching and research. Complementing the first volume, rather than competing with it, The Transgender Studies Reader 2 consists of fifty articles, with a general introduction by the editors, explanatory head notes for each essay, and bibliographical suggestions for further research. Unlike the first volume, which was historically based, tracing the lineage of the field, this volume focuses on recent work and emerging trends. To keep pace with this rapidly changing area, the second reader has a companion website, with images, links to blogs, video, and other material to help supplement the book.
Heterosexual Africa? : the history of an idea from the age of exploration to the age of AIDS
Love, heterosexuality, and society
Modern couples? : continuity and change in heterosexual relationships
The heteronormativity of the Finnish criminal law in 1889 and 1999.
Doing it differently : young women managing heterosexuality in Australia, Finland and Canada
This collection features new and original research on the range of sexism still faced every day by women in US society. It documents oppression across ethnic, racial, class, and sexual orientation groups in a wide range of gendered spaces, including the home, the workplace, unions, educational institutions, and the Internet. Exploring the way these different but related systems of oppression interact, the editors come to view sexism not as a static thing, but as part of a "dialectic of domination" in which women are simultaneously oppressed and capable of oppressing others through their discourse and practice. With its broad range of approaches, its focus on discourse and experience in gendered spaces, and its debunking of the personal and societal fictions of gender, this book goes a long way toward explaining why sexism is still so pervasive in everyday life.
The male in the head : young people, heterosexuality and power
The science/fiction of sex : feminist deconstruction and the vocabularies of heterosex
Heterosexual Africa? The History of an Idea from the Age of Exploration to the Age of AIDS builds from Marc Epprecht's previous book, Hungochani (which focuses expli citly on same-sex desire in southern Africa) to explore the historical processes by which a singular, heterosexual identity for Africa was constructed - by anthropologists, ethnopsychologists, colonial officials, African elites, and most recently, health care workers seeking to address the HIV/AIDS pandemic. This is an eloquently written, accessible book, based on a rich and diverse range of sources, that will find enthusiastic audiences in classrooms and in the general public. Epprecht argues that Africans, just like people all over the world, have always had a range of sexualities and sexual identities. Over the course of the last two centuries, however, African societies south of the Sahara have come to be viewed as singularly heterosexual. Epprecht carefully traces the many routes by which this singularity, this heteronormativity, became a dominant culture. A fascinating story that will surely generate lively debate Epprecht makes his project speak to a range of literatures - queer theory, the new imperial history, African social history, queer and women's studies, and biomedical literature on the HIV/AIDS pandemic. He does this with a light enough hand that his story is not bogged down by endless references to particular debates.
Shedding important new light on a subject as old as humanity itself, Sexualities in Anthropology: A Reader presents a comprehensive collection of historical and current readings in the social anthropology of sexuality. Succinct and revealing excerpts from key figures in the history of anthropology about sexualities, morality, and the family are featured. The most recent literature on both heterosexualities and same-sex sexualities is also included, as well as material on past and present controversies, including Derek Freeman's famous attack on Margaret Mead's writings on sexual freedom in Samoa; the notion of "primitive" promiscuity in the 19th and early 20th centuries; concerns for the practice of clitoridectomy and other forms of "genital cutting;" the discussion of homosexualities in different cultures; and the meaning of love. Thought-provoking and always fascinating, Sexualities in Anthropology: A Reader offers keen insights into the diversity of human social beliefs, practices, and interactions relating to human sexual behavior around the world.
Sexual identities and sexuality in social work : research and reflections from women in the field
Nancy J. Chodorow takes her fellow psychoanalysts to task for their monolithic and pathologizing accounts of deviant gender and sexuality. Drawing from her own clinical experience, the work of Freud, and a close reading of psychoanalytic texts, Chodorow argues that psychoanalysis has yet to disentangle male dominance from heterosexuality. Further, she demonstrates the paucity of psychoanalytics understanding of heterosexuality and the problematic polarizing of normal and abnormal sexualities. By returning to Freud and interpreting psychoanalysis through clinical eyes, Chodorow contends that psychoanalysis must consider individual specificity and personal, cultural, and social factors. Such a methodology entails a plurality of femininities and masculinities and enables us to understand a variety of sexualities.
21st century jocks : sporting men and contemporary heterosexuality
The invention of heterosexuality
Same sex intimacies : families of choice and other life experiments
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 5, A cultural history of sexuality in the age of Empire
Sex, sensibility and the gendered body
Femininities, masculinities, sexualities : Freud and beyond
In visible touch : modernism and masculinity
Sex & punishment : four thousand years of judging desire
Straights : heterosexuality in post-closeted culture
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 4, A cultural history of sexuality in the Enlightenment
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Little attention has traditionally been given to theorising heterosexuality. Heterosexuality tends to be taken-for-granted, as something that is 'natural' and 'normal'. Theorising Heterosexuality questions this assumption and demonstrates how much of our understanding of ourselves and the social worlds we inhabit is based upon unquestioned assumptions about the nature of heterosexuality.
This book explores heterosexualities in their complex and everyday expressions. It engages with theories about the intersection of sexuality with other markers of difference, and gender in particular. The outcome will productively upset equations of heterosexuality with heteronormativity and accounts that cast heterosexuality in "sex critical, sex as danger" terms. Queer/feminist "pro-sex" perspectives have become prevalent in analyses of sexuality, but in these approaches queer becomes the site of subversive, transgressive, exciting and pleasurable sex, while heterosex, if mentioned at all, continues to be seen as objectionable or dowdy. It challenges heterosexuality's comparative absence in gender/sexuality debates and the common constitution of heterosexuality as nasty, boring and normative. The authors develop an innovative analysis showing the limits of the sharply bifurcated perspectives of the "sex wars". This is not a revisionist account of heterosexuality as merely one option in a fluid smorgasbord, nor does it dismiss the weight of feminist/pro-feminist critiques of heterosexuality. This book establishes that if relations of domination do not constitute the analytical sum of heterosexuality, then identifying its range of potentialities is clearly important for understanding and helping to undo its "nastier" elements.
Why do some people prefer heterosexual love while others fancy the same sex? Is sexual identity biologically determined or a product of convention? In this brilliant and provocative book, the acclaimed author of Myths of Gender argues that even the most fundamental knowledge about sex is shaped by the culture in which scientific knowledge is produced.Drawing on astonishing real-life cases and a probing analysis of centuries of scientific research, Fausto-Sterling demonstrates how scientists have historically politicized the body. In lively and impassioned prose, she breaks down three key dualisms - sex/gender, nature/nurture, and real/constructed - and asserts that individuals born as mixtures of male and female exist as one of five natural human variants and, as such, should not be forced to compromise their differences to fit a flawed societal definition of normality.
Crip theory : cultural signs of queerness and disability
Desire : the politics of sexuality
Many faces of sadomasochistic sex
The transgender studies reader 2
Kirpputorirakkautta = Second-hand lovestories
This engaging collection poses the question, Can straight people think queer? Straight with a Twist offers a refreshing look at the relation between queer theory and critical examinations of the construction of heterosexuality. Seeking to proliferate the findings and insights of queer theory, contributors explore the issue of whether and how queer theory can speak for and include the straight. In some of the ways that men have learned from feminism to interrogate the construction of masculinity, straights are learning from queer theory to interrogate constructions of straightness, to question their place in those constructions, and to make critical interventions into the institutional reproduction of the heterosexual norm. Straight with a Twist responds to the formulations of some of the leading figures in queer theory, considers demonstrations of the queer in television programs ("Seinfeld," for example) and contemporary films, and explores to what extent and in what ways literary texts from Shakespeare to Dorothy Allison are open to queer interpretation.
Culture, society and sexuality : a reader
This collection of stimulating essays focuses on issues of gender and sexuality in Irish history, biography, language, literature, and drama. While the contributors employ a variety of methodological and critical perspectives, they share the conviction that the gendering of Ireland-not only of the nation, but of actual Irish men and women-is a construction of culture and ideology and not simply one of nature.
Shakespeare and Renaissance literature before heterosexuality
In The Social Construction of Sexuality, Steven Seidman investigates the political and social consequences of privileging certain sexual practices and identities while stigmatizing others. Addressing a range of topics from gay and lesbian identities to sex work, he delves into issues of social control that inform popular beliefs and moral standards. The Second Edition of The Social Construction of Sexuality features a new part that focuses on sexuality and social institutions.
Innocence, heterosexuality and the queerness of children's literatute
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Somatechnics highlights the reciprocal bond between the sôma and the techné of 'the body' and the techniques in which bodies are formed and transformed as crafted responses to the world around us. Structured around the themes of the governance of social bodies, the gendering of sexed bodies and the techniques associated with the formation of the self, Somatechnics presents a groundbreaking study of body modification. Its contributions to the work of Spinoza, Nietzsche, Merleau-Ponty, Deluze and Guattari make it a must read for scholars of sociology, cultural and queer studies and philosophy.
One marriage under God : the campaign to promote marriage in America
Re-examines an aspect of gendered and sexual identity often taken for granted: heterosexuality. Rachel Carroll provides innovative readings of novels by leading contemporary authors. Drawing on feminist and queer theories of gender and sexuality, the book takes as its distinctive focus the representation of female identities which do not conform to heterosexual norms. Specifically, it explores representations which serve to question the conventional equation between heterosexuality, reproductive sexuality and female identity.
Straight with a twist : queer theory and the subject of heterosexuality
Sexual fluidity : understanding women's love and desire
The color of sex : whiteness, heterosexuality, and the fictions of white supremacy
Have heterosexual relationships become more intimate and equal over the past forty years? Simply put, this is the central question underpinning this book. Within the context of late modern social processes, including most notably individualization and detraditionalization, authors such as Giddens, Beck and Beck-Gernsheim, and Bauman have come to focus on a posited transformation of personal relationships. This has culminated in a sociological debate over the nature of contemporary relationships, with proponents of change celebrating the emergence of an intimacy based on personal satisfaction rather than traditional obligations. Detractors reject this interpretation and instead lament what they consider to be the destruction of commitment and the demoralisation of personal relationships by the rise of individualism and consumerism. While these two entrenched positions have dominated the debate, a third, marginalised perspective has emerged, which questions the extent to which contemporary relationships have become detraditionalized, and emphasises evidence of continuing gender inequalities.
Silenced sexualities in schools and universities
Gender and sexuality in modern Ireland
The study of sexuality is moving from margin to centre stage in sociology, as the 1994 British Sociological Association annual conference on 'Sexualities in Social Context' demonstrated. Drawn from that conference, the papers in this volume contribute to the debates which have developed on the relationship between the sexual and the social, and between gender and sexuality. The focus is on women, and from different perspectives the authors explore the themes of gendered identity, the construction of sexuality, embodiment and control. The social contexts in which these themes are elaborated include the family, the law, the education system, medical practice and discourse, and cultural representations and texts.
It's a queer world
Thinking straight : the power, the promise, and the paradox of heterosexuality
Unheroic conduct : the rise of heterosexuality and the invention of the Jewish man
In visible touch : modernism and masculinity / edited by: Terry Smith
From objectification to dialogue : "gaze" in Aviva Jane Carlin's Jodie's body and Steven Shainberg's Fur: an imaginary portrait of Diane Arbus
This is a groundbreaking study of our culture's obsession with weddings. By examining popular films, commercials, magazines, advertising, television sitcoms and even children's toys, this book shows the pervasive influence of weddings in our culture and the important role they play in maintaining the romance of heterosexuality, the myth of white supremacy and the insatiable appetite of consumer capitalism. It examines how the economics and marketing of weddings have replaced the religious and moral view of marriage. This second edition includes many new and updated features including: full coverage of the wedding industrial complex; gay marriage and its relationship to white weddings and heterosexuality and demographics shifts as to who is marrying whom and why, nationally and internationally.
The social construction of sexuality
Inclusive masculinity : the changing nature of masculinities
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 6, A cultural history of sexuality in the modern age
This new and revised edition of Culture, Society and Sexuality brings together and makes accessible a broad and international selection of readings to provide insights into the social, cultural, political and economic dimensions of sexuality and relationships, and emerging discourses around sexual and reproductive rights. Section one focuses on the social and cultural construction of sexuality as an emerging field of inquiry over the course of recent decades, and examines some of the most important theoretical insights and areas of investigation that have emerged as this field has developed. Section two links research on the construction of sexuality to a growing body of work on gender and sexuality in relation to a wide range of practical issues and contemporary social policy debates. It is an essential reader not only for students and researchers in these areas, but also for activists, health workers and service providers, who daily confront practical and policy issues related to sexuality, sexual health and sexual rights.
Heterosexism in contemporary world religion : problem and prospect
Mundane heterosexualities : from theory to practices
Heterosexual masculinities : contemporary perspectives from psychoanalytic gender theory
The transgender studies reader
Origins and role of same-sex relations in human societies
De-Centring Western Sexualities critically assesses the current state of knowledge about sexualities outside the framings of 'The West', by focusing on gender and sexuality within the context of Central and Eastern Europe. Providing rich case studies drawn from a range of "post-communist" countries, this interdisciplinary volume brings together the latest research on the formation of sexualities in Central and Eastern Europe, alongside analyses of the sexual and national identity politics of the region. Engaged with current debates within queer studies surrounding temporality and knowledge production, and inspired by post-colonial critique, the book problematises the Western hegemony that often characterises sexuality studies, and presents local theoretical insights better attuned to their geo-temporal realities. As such, it offers a cultural and social re-evaluation of everyday life experiences, and will be of interest to sociologists, queer studies scholars, geographers and anthropologists.
After whiteness : unmaking an American majority
Sexualities in anthropology : a reader / edited by Andrew P. Lyons and Harriet D. Lyons
Sexed texts : language, gender, and sexuality
Border patrols : policing the boundaries of heterosexuality
Possibilities, silences : the publishing and reception of queer topics in Finland during the interwar years (and beyond)
A study of the normative foundations for the de-criminalisation of homosexuality through the African human rights system
Woman, body, desire in post-colonial India : narratives of gender and sexuality
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
The invention of heterosexual culture
'Norm Struggles' explores and challenges normativity in general and heteronormativity in particular. A common trait in all chapters is the focus on contradictions, changes, disruptions and uncertainties that follow with different norms and structuring forces. The authors discuss and explore how norms are produced, and reproduced but also disrupted, subverted and changed. The chapters are based on observations from different settings such as preschools, schools, universities, factories, social welfare, popular culture, passenger ships, and the fire service. They are also based on observations from different countries - Lithuania, Canada, USA, Sweden, Finland, and Great Britain. The book presents studies of media, policies, machines, organisations, academic sexual theory, and the ongoing constructions of nations and nationalities.
Somatechnics : queering the technologisation of bodies
Compulsory heterosexuality and Lesbian existence
Sexed Texts explores the complex role that language plays in the construction of sexuality and gender, two concepts that are often discussed separately, although in practice are closely intertwined. The book draws on a range of theoretical perspectives and published research including performativity theory, feminism, queer studies, psychoanalytical theory, Marxism, social constructionism and essentialism. Illustrative examples are taken from written, spoken, internet, non-verbal, visual, media-scripted and naturally occurring texts. Some of the questions addressed in the book include: how do people construct their own and other's gendered or sexual identities through the use of language? What is the relationship between language and desire? In what ways do language practices help to reflect and shape different gendered/sexed discourses as 'normal', problematic or contested? Taking a broadly deconstructionist perspective, the book progresses from examining what are seen as preferable or acceptable ways to express gender and sexuality, moving towards more 'tolerated' identities, practices and desires, and finally arriving at marginalized and tabooed forms. The book locates sexuality and gender as socially constructed, and therefore examines language use in terms of socio-historical factors, linking changing conceptualisations of identity, discourse and desire to theories surrounding regulation, globalisation, new technologies, marketisation and consumerism.
A cultural history of sexuality. Vol. 2, A cultural history of sexuality in the Middle Ages
In this work, the author challenges what some call the "heterosexual myth," arguing that human sexuality is not as absolute as prevalent thought suggests. Drawing on historic and current data, the book instead argues that, historically, human sexuality has been ambiguous, and that very few humans are, by nature, exclusively homosexual or heterosexual. – WolrdCat.
Norm-struggles : sexualities in contentions / editors, Lena Martinsson and Eva Reimers
Extra-ordinary men : white heterosexual masculinity in contemporary popular cinema
In this groundbreaking work, Sara Ahmed demonstrates how queer studies can put phenomenology to productive use. Focusing on the “orientation” aspect of “sexual orientation” and the “orient” in “orientalism,” Ahmed examines what it means for bodies to be situated in space and time. Bodies take shape as they move through the world directing themselves toward or away from objects and others. Being “orientated” means feeling at home, knowing where one stands, or having certain objects within reach. Orientations affect what is proximate to the body or what can be reached. A queer phenomenology, Ahmed contends, reveals how social relations are arranged spatially, how queerness disrupts and reorders these relations by not following the accepted paths, and how a politics of disorientation puts other objects within reach, those that might, at first glance, seem awry. Ahmed proposes that a queer phenomenology might investigate not only how the concept of orientation is informed by phenomenology but also the orientation of phenomenology itself. Thus she reflects on the significance of the objects that appear—and those that do not—as signs of orientation in classic phenomenological texts such as Husserl's Ideas. In developing a queer model of orientations, she combines readings of phenomenological texts - by Husserl, Heidegger, Merleau-Ponty, and Fanon - with insights drawn from queer studies, feminist theory, critical race theory, Marxism, and psychoanalysis. Queer Phenomenology points queer theory in bold new directions.
Endowed : regulating the male sexed body
Sex before sexuality : a premodern history
Transgressive tales : queering the Grimms
