http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18284 sexual rights
sexual rights
Priscilla, (white) queen of the desert : queer rights/race privilege
The reproductive rights reader : law, medicine, and the construction of motherhood
Men who rape : the psychology of the offender
The Muslim family : a study of women's rights in Islam
Dishonorable passions : sodomy laws in America 1861-2003
Child abuse : law and policy across boundaries
"Traitors to the masculine cause" : The men's campaigns for women's rights
Between law and culture : relocating legal studies
Queer presences and absences
Towards sustainable development : policies and practicies : Finnish achievements
Gender hurts : a feminist analysis of the politics of transgenderism
International approaches to rape
Sexual orientation and human rights : the United States Constitution, the European Convention and the Canadian Charter
Unpacking Queer Politics argues that the strong lesbian feminist movement of the 1970s, which was able to articulate a philosophy and practice that distinguished lesbian politics from gay male politics, was submerged in the 1990s beneath a gay male agenda called queer politics. The new politics repudiated lesbian feminist ideas and celebrated 'manhood' as a goal for gay men. Practices which construct this 'manhood', such as sadomasochism, cutting and piercing, female-to-male transsexual surgery, and which are promoted in queer politics, need to be understood as forms of self-harm which result from the oppression of lesbians and gay men. The political agenda of queer politics is damaging to the interests of lesbians, women in general, and to marginalized and vulnerable constituencies of gay men. The book concludes by arguing that precisely the commitment to equality in relationships and sex that has been so important to lesbian feminists, and so excoriated in much of queer theory, should form the basis of a social transformation. In this way lesbians should be seen as the vanguard of social change.
Cultural differences in a globalizing world
Toward a feminist theory of the state
"Your justice is too slow" : will the ICTR fail Rwanda's rape victims?
Art and sexual politics : women's liberation, women artists, and art history
Sexuality and social justice in Africa : rethinking homophobia and forging resistance
Female mutilation : a global journey behind the curtains of the horrifying worldwide practice of female genital mutilation
Reconstructing criminal law : critical perspectives on crime and the criminal process
Rape and sexual assault : a research handbook
Vulnerability and human rights
Reading sexualities : hermeneutic theory and the future of queer studies
Sex and the Weimar Republic : German homosexual emancipation and the rise of the Nazis
Routledge handbook of sexuality, health and rights
The recovered memory/false memory debate
Jeopardy in the courtroom : a scientific analysis of children's testimony
Homophobias : lust and loathing across time and space
Finnish official development aid for sexual and reproductive health and rights in Sub-Saharan Africa
Queer wars : the new gay right and its critics
Sexual orientation: a human right : an essay in international human rights law
The pig farmer's daughter and other tales of American justice : episodes of racism and sexism in the courts from 1865 to the present
The right to reproductive choice : a study in international law
Family health promotion : culture and well-being
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
The author cogently presents the philosophical stances and radical activities of the traitors about whom she writes. Her habit of giving birth and death dates of the figures as she introduces them helps to clarify the relationships of the major issues under discussion to the ideas and actions of the campaigners. The book's organization allows for a fairly comprehensive discussion of the disparate proposals which marked the early years of the movement; its structure illustrates the coming together of those ideas into a focussed drive for women's emancipation. The full documentation and bibliographic essay provide valuable resource information for scholars who wish to further investigate this subject.
Conspiracy theories & other dangerous ideas
Sex and gender crimes in the new international law : past, present, future
Queer wars : the new global polarization over gay rights
This volume argues that legislation on abortion, adultery, and rape has been central to the formation of the modern citizen. The author draws on rights literature, bio-political scholarship, and a gender-studies perspective as a foundation for rethinking the sovereign relationship. In approaching the politicization of reproductive space from this direction, the study resituates the role of rights and rights-granting within the sovereign relationship. A second theme running throughout the book explores the international implications of these arguments and addresses the role of abortion, adultery and rape legislation in constructing 'civilizational' relationships. In focusing on the Ottoman Empire, Turkey, France and Italy as case studies, Miller presents a discussion of what 'Europe' is, and the role of sexuality and reproduction in defining it.
Child pornography : crime, computers and society
Sexuality and rights : sexuality's importance to health and welfare : analysis by the Swedish Association for Sexuality Education (RFSU)
Restorative justice theory and practice : addressing the discrepancy
EU LGBT survey : European Union lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender survey : main results
Do we need minority rights? : conceptual issues
Sex in transition : remaking gender and race in South Africa
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Development with a body : sexuality, human rights and development
United Nations convention on the rights of persons with disabilities : multidisciplinary perspectives
Sex, love & homophobia : lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lives
Loneliness and its opposite : sex, disability, and the ethics of engagement
Computer crimes, cyber-terrorism, child pornography and financial crimes : reports presented to the Preparatory colloquy for the Round Table II of the 17th International Congress of Penal Law (Beijing, 2004), Athens, April 10/11, 2003
Textbook on international human rights
God is not a Christian : speaking truth in times of crisis
Unpacking queer politics : a lesbian feminist perspective
Sexual offences
Feminism and the power of law
Fleeing homophobia : sexual orientation, gender identity and asylum
Law, sex and Christian society in medieval Europe
Feminist post-colonial theory : a reader
Made in India : decolonizations, queer sexualities, trans/national projects
Legal issues in child abuse and neglect
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
21st century sexualities : contemporary issues in health, education, and rights
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
Universal human rights in theory and practice
Redefining rape : sexual violence in the era of suffrage and segregation
Human sexuality
Reproductive and sexual rights : charting the course of transnational womenś NGOs
Footprint of poverty
Rape in armed conflict : International criminal prohibitions and their enforcement
Feminism and postcolonialism are allies, and the impressive selection of writings brought together in this volume demonstrate how fruitful that alliance can be. Reina Lewis and Sara Mills have assembled a brilliant selection of thinkers, organizing them into six categories: "Gendering Colonialism and Postcolonialism/Radicalizing Feminism," "Rethinking Whiteness," "Redefining the 'Third World' Subject," "Sexuality and Sexual Rights," "Harem and the Veil," and "Gender and Post/colonial Relations." A bibliography complements the wide-ranging essays. This is the ideal volume for any reader interested in the development of postcoloniality and feminist thought.
Child abuse & the law
Against equality : queer revolution, not mere inclusion
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Sexual health, human rights and the law
Children, sexuality, and the law
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
Women and international law: rape and sexual abuse as crimes against humanity and war crimes
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Monitoring family planning and reproductive rights : a manual for empowerment
Women, sexuality and the political power of pleasure
Queering the public sphere in Mexico and Brazil : sexual rights movements in emerging democracies
The international struggle for new human rights
The persecution of people in Africa on the basis of their assumed or perceived homosexual orientation has received considerable coverage in the popular media in recent years. Gay-bashing by political and religious figures in Zimbabwe and Gambia; draconian new laws against lesbians and gays and their supporters in Malawi, Nigeria and Uganda; and the imprisonment and extortion of gay men in Senegal and Cameroon have all rightly sparked international condemnation. However, much of the analysis has been highly critical of African leadership and culture without considering local nuances, historical factors and external influences that are contributing to the problem. Such commentary also overlooks grounds for optimism in the struggle for sexual rights and justice in Africa, not just for sexual minorities but for the majority population as well.
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Development, sexual rights and global governance
The right of the child to be well born
Being positive : perspectives on HIV/AIDS in the EU's northern dimension and Finland's neighbouring areas
Death mask
Government of Finland human rights report 2014.
"This book depicts the world's national and ethnic cultures in an unprecedented way. It is based on analyses of all publicly available large databases tha provide cultural indicators about modern nations .... The author explains some of the main cultural differences between modern nations and ethnic groups across the globe. The readers will understand why human societies differ on many important indicators and what culture has to do with these: speed of economic development; happiness, tolerance of diversity; religiousness, national pride, educational achievement, difficult integration of immigrants, suicides rates, gender equality, violent crime, competition for women and sexual norms, adolescent fertility and HIV rates, corruption, rule of law, road death tolls, [and] punctuality."--P. [4] of cover.
Sexual offenses in armed conflict & international law
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
True love and perfect union : the feminist reform of sex and society
From taboo to health and human rights : development of professional expertise in sexual health promotion
Global population policy : from population control to reproductive rights
The limits of bodily integrity : abortion, adultery, and rape legislation in comparative perspective
Summary (kuvailulehti): Flesh for sale : a seminar to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Council for Gender Equality on 4 December 2002.
Sexual orientation & human rights in American religious discourse
