http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18298 CARD
CARD
Smart card applications : design models for using and programming of smart cards
Step-by-step bead cards
3-D greeting cards : a collection from around the world
"Today on almost every desk in every office sits a computer. Eighty years ago, desktops were equipped with a nonelectronic data processing machine: a card file. In Paper Machines, Markus Krajewski traces the evolution of this proto-computer of rearrangeable parts (file cards) that became ubiquitous in offices between the world wars. The story begins with Konrad Gessner, a sixteenth-century Swiss polymath who described a new method of processing data: to cut up a sheet of handwritten notes into slips of paper, with one fact or topic per slip, and arrange as desired. In the late eighteenth century, the card catalog became the librarian's answer to the threat of information overload. Then, at the turn of the twentieth century, business adopted the technology of the card catalog as a bookkeeping tool. Krajewski explores this conceptual development and casts the card file as a "universal paper machine" that accomplishes the basic operations of Turing's universal discrete machine: storing, processing, and transferring data. In telling his story, Krajewski takes the reader on a number of illuminating detours, telling us, for example, that the card catalog and the numbered street address emerged at the same time in the same city (Vienna), and that Harvard University's home-grown cataloging system grew out of a librarian's laziness; and that Melvil Dewey (originator of the Dewey Decimal System) helped bring about the technology transfer of card files to business." --Publisher's website.
Hanafuda, the flower card game
Ganjifa, the playing cards of India : a general survey with a catalogue of the Victoria and Albert Museum collection
Smart card security and applications
Designer greeting cards
Punched cards : data processing for profit improvement
Rubber stamping : artist trading cards
PCMCIA system architecture : 16-bit PC cards
Artist trading card workshop : create collect swap
This book was the first comprehensive treatment of credit cards in the global economy. The topic is timely not only because of the attention focused on cards as a contributor to the substantial rise in consumer borrowing, but also because of the role of cards in the recent retrenchment in the US bankruptcy system. Relying on data from the US, the UK, Canada, Australia, and Japan, Charging Ahead includes the first careful statistical analysis of the relation between the rise of credit card use and broader macroeconomic phenomena like consumer borrowing, savings, and bankruptcy. It also provides a broad narrative of how credit cards have come to be used so differently around the world. Finally, it sets out a detailed and coherent program for regulatory intervention grounded in both empirical analysis and the existing theoretical literature.
Business cards : the art of saying hello
Implementing an artificial agent into a card game
A history of playing cards and a bibliography of cards and gaming
RFID and contactless smart card applications
The art and craft of handmade cards
International distribution of catalogue cards : present situation and future prospects
Creative edge : letterhead + business card design
Retro mania! : 60 hip handmade cards, scrapbook pages, gifts and more!
The reproduction of catalogue cards
Punch-card methods in research and documentation : with special reference to biology
Ender's world : fresh perspectives on the SF classic Ender's Game
Insider's views highlight Brian Hersch, Richard Tait and Whit Alexander, George Parker, Mike Fitzgerald, Alan Moon, Jordan Wissman, Paul Randles, and various publishers.
Creative cards : wrap a message with a personal touch
Expressing America : a critique of the global credit card society
The game inventor's guidebook : how to invent and sell board games, card games, role-playing games, and everything in between
Wisconsin Card Sorting Test manual
Referat.
Punched-card systems and the early information explosion, 1880-1945
Wisconsin card sorting test manual : revised and expanded
The Catalogue of international cigarette cards
RSVP : invitation design for special occasions
Easy embroidery on paper
Contemporary musicians : profiles of the people in music. Volume 40 : includes cumulative indexes
Implementation of architectural design for online PIN in Luottokunta payment environment
World business cards today
Compliments of the season
Best of business card design 6. 6.
Paper machines : about cards & catalogs, 1548-1929
Making pop-up greeting cards
Gutenberg and the Master of the Playing Cards
Magical mathematics : the mathematical ideas that animate great magic tricks
Creative greeting cards : personalized projects for all occasions
Paying with plastic : the digital revolution in buying and borrowing
The complete Sound Blaster
Microfilm technology; engineering and related fields
Into the red : the birth of the credit card market in postcommunist Russia
Off-loom weaving : a basic manual
Entrepreneurship education : lets learn together!
Every trick in the book
Distributed by Northlight Books, mostly photographs in full-color.
Smart card handbook
Greeting cards : 15 step-by-step projects - simple to make, stunning results
The credit card market and the probability of credit card default
One from many : VISA and the rise of the chaordic organization
Letterhead 5 : an international collection of letterhead design : Briefpapiergestaltung im internationalen Überblick : une compilation internationale sur le design de papiers à lettres. 5
The Best of business card design 9
Card tricks and puzzles
Meishi : Little Graphic Art Gallery of the World
Play it again, teacher! : teacher education playing cards
The Penguin book of card games
Handmade greeting cards
The credit card industry : a history
The best invitation, card and announcement design
Invitation strictly personal : 40 years of fashion show invites
How to make first-class cards
Orson Scott Card's explorations of the doctrine and culture of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Ender's Game and The Tales of Alvin Maker
Glorious greetings
Comparison of reward systems in Finnish retail industry : S-card, the market leader
The Future of card catalogs : report of a program sponsored by the Association of Research Libraries
Economic analysis of travelling:studies on travel behaviour in Finland
Country-specific development of the payment cards industry
Card games around the world
London in store
Greetings cards : 15 step-by-step projects - simple to make, stunning results
Invitation and promotion design : ideas with impact
Design implications for digital scratch-card games
The best of the best of business card design
Abstract.
Making greeting gards for beginners
Processing manual : a pictorial workbook of catalog cards
A guide to personal indexes using edge-notched, uniterm and peek-a-boo cards
Substitution of noncash payment instruments for cash in Europe
Customer perceived value of service extensions in Finnish credit cards
Paper cutting techniques for scrapbooks & cards
Smart cards : the new bank cards
The picture postcard & its origins
Power analysis attacks : revealing the secrets of smart cards
Aural Concentration Game (Pelmanism) for Music Education
In this book the author explains what the credit card tells us, both good and bad, about the essence of the modern US and why and how the credit card is helping to transform much of the world.
Painted paper : techniques & projects for handmade books & cards
Designing and making cards
Smart card-based single sign on and authentication for F-Secure VPN+
Credit card nation : the consequences of America's addiction to credit
Charging Ahead : The Growth and Regulation of Payment Card Markets around the World
The market for electronic cash cards
Christmas cards for the collector
The paper card book
