http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18295 special diets
special diets therapeutical diets
150 best diabetes desserts
Healthy Indian cooking for diabetes : delicious Khana for life
The fast metabolism diet : lose up to 20 pounds in 28 days
Provides information, advice, and recipes for controlling inflammatory diseases, including arthritis, asthma, and allergies, with diet--
Gluten is my bitch : rants, recipes, and ridiculousness for the gluten-free
Blood sugar : inspiring recipes for anyone facing the challenge of diabetes and maintaining good health
Coeliac's new cookbook : naturally gluten-free foods and treats
Allergy-free cookbook
Eat dirt : why leaky gut may be the root cause of your health problems and 5 surprising steps to cure it
Gluten-free food for kids : more than 100 quick & easy recipes for coeliac children
The no-sugar! desserts & baking cookbook : over 65 delectable yet healthy sugar-free treats
Professional chef. Level 1, Diploma
Nutrition and diet therapy
"Be your own kitchen doctor! Adriana Ayales grew up near the rainforest, where her grandmother set her on the path to herbal healing. Now she runs one of Brooklyn’s most popular juice bars--and she's also deeply knowledgeable about the rainforest's fruits, botanicals, and other exotic ingredients. With this guide she passes on her knowledge of ethnobotanical customs, soul cleansing, and therapeutic cooking.  Ayales explores the role of superfoods and superherbs and presents traditional recipes that embody ancient ways--including medicinal juicing for relaxation and rejuvenation, next-level cleansing, and infusions and teas to nourish body and soul. Enjoy a Cacao & Reishi Energy Elixir, make herbal extracts, learn cold-pressing techniques, and whip up a headache cure. These special, sometimes sacred formulas will help empower your life with vibrant creativity,"--Amazon.com.
Safety and cholesterol-lowering effect of low-saturated-fat, low-cholesterol diet during the first three years of life : the STRIP baby project
The gluten-free kitchen
The best diabetes slow cooker recipes
The everyday diabetic cookbook
A vegan ethic : embracing a life of compassion toward all
Healthier without wheat : a new understanding of wheat allergies, celiac disease, and non celiac gluten intolerance
The low-carb baking and dessert cookbook
Williams' basic nutrition & diet therapy
The dairy-free kitchen : 100 recipes for all the creamy foods you love without lactose, casein or dairy
The fertility diet : groundbreaking research reveals natural ways to boost ovulation & improve your chances of getting pregnant
Practical paleo : a customized approach to health and a whole-foods lifestyle
Gluten-free meals : every dish, three ways - you choose! : 30 minutes, 20 minutes, 10 minutes
Gluten-free and vegan holidays : celebrating the year with simple, satisfying recipes and menus
Cooking with coconut flour : a delicious low-carb, gluten-free alternative to wheat
Professional chef : Level 1 diploma
Manual of dietetic practice
The low-carb cookworx cookbook
The warrior diet
Pure delicious : more than 150 delectable allergen-free recipes without gluten, dairy, eggs, soy, peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, or cane sugar
Special diets; food allergies and intolerances, have been increasing for the past decades in Finland. Many people follow special diets due to serious allergies, but some also due to their own preference. At the same time, Finnish people are used to public dining in their schools and work places and expect that these restaurants offer also dishes according to their individual diet.     Due to the high amount of existing allergies and intolerances, this manual concentrates only on the most important special diets in Finland. These special diets include: milk allergy and lactose intolerance, grain allergy and celiac disease as well as seafood, egg and nut allergy.     Owned by city of Helsinki, Palmia is the biggest provider of catering and facility services in Helsinkia area, operating approximately in 500 service facilities. Palmia offers currently training and information on special diets in Finnish, but they have no material available in English. Their Catering Services sector currently employs 10% of foreign employees and their customer base is continuously getting more foreign.  An English language manual on special diets was formed, in order to satisfy their employees and customers needs and go beyond the customers' expectations. Customer service and customer satisfaction is the most crucial part of any business. Customers, who feel that their needs have been met and have received better service that they've expected, will return and bring their money to the business.     The main goal of this project was to create a manual that would be easy to use, easy to read and would serve its purpose as a general guide on special diets for Palmia's foreign customers and its employees.
Williams' basic nutrition and diet therapy
Low-carb dieting for dummies
The complete migraine health, diet guide, & cookbook : practical solutions for managing migraine and headach pain + 150 recipes
Delicious gluten free pie recipes : gluten-free recipes for gluten intolerant people with celiac disease
Eat your way to lower cholesterol : recipes to reduce your cholesterol by up to 20% in under 3 months
Wholefoods : a cook's kitchen handbook
The blood sugar solution : the bestselling programme for preventing diabetes, losing weight, and feeling great
The South Beach diet : good fats/good carbs guide
Overcoming diabetes : the complete complementary health program
The diabetes cooking book : what to eat & what to cook to treat type 2
Food that helps win the battle against fibromyalgia : ease everyday pain and fight fatigue
Finnish special diets manual for Palmia
Cooking well : IBS : over 100 easy recipes for irritable bowel syndrome plus other digestive diseases including Crohn's, celiac, and colitis
Cooking for the sensitive gut : delicious, soothing, healthy recipes for every day
The coconut flour gourmet : 150 delicious gluten-free coconut flour recipes
Is it possible to have great tasting gluten-free foods? Yes, with the secret of coconut flour. Coconut flour is made from dried coconut that has been ground into a powder. It looks and feels just like any other flour, but unlike wheat flour, it is completely gluten-free. It is an excellent source of vitamins and minerals and contains about the same amount of protein as whole wheat. It is a good source of calorie-free dietary fibre that is so important for good digestive health. The best part is that it tastes fantastic! Using the basic yeast dough recipe described in this book, you will be able to make gluten-free yeast breads that will remind you of your mothers home-made baked bread. Yet these recipes are easier and quicker to make. With coconut flour and a few other key ingredients, you can make gourmet dinner rolls, sandwich bread, pizza crust, calzones, hamburger and hot dog buns, breadsticks, scones, tortillas, and a variety of artisan breads. The recipes in this book are designed to appeal to a wide range of tastes. For breakfast you will find a variety of sweet and savoury muffins, pancakes, and waffles.
The Complete low-FODMAP diet : the revolutionary plan for managing symptoms in IBS, Crohn's disease, coeliac disease and other digestive disorders
Fitness nutrition for special dietary needs
Eat chocolate, lose weight : new science proves you should eat chocolate every day
Meals that heal inflammation : embrace healthy living and eliminate pain, one meal at a time
Eat raw, eat well : 400 raw, vegan & gluten-free recipes
Crazy sexy diet : eat your veggies, ignite your spark, and live like you mean it!
The 8-week blood sugar diet : lose weight fast and reprogramme your body
Healing tonics : next-level juices, smoothies, and elixers for health and wellness
Healthy eating for lower cholesterol
Seriously good! : gluten-free baking
Celebrating food
Sweet vegan : 70 delicious dairy-free desserts
The Complete low-FODMAP diet : a revolutionary plan for managing IBS and other digestive disorders
The new Atkins new you cookbook : 200 delicious low-carb recipes you can make in 30 minutes or less
Learn to cook wheat, gluten and dairy free : 100 step-by-step recipes
The everything guide to cooking for children with diabetes : from everyday meals to holiday treats : how to prepare foods your child will love to eat
The anti-inflammation cookbook : the delicious way to reduce inflammation and stay healthy
On baking : a textbook of baking and pastry fundamentals
Soulflavours : the book
Grain brain : the surprising truth about wheat, carbs, and sugar - your brain’s silent killers
Healthy eating for diabetes
Reversing diabetes : food plan + 70 delicious recipes
50 healthy and delicious recipes for diabetic cooking : each recipe shown step by step in more than 240 photographs
Diabetes  : eat and enjoy
Vegan cooking for dummies
The autism & ADHD diet : a step-by-step guide to hope and healing by living gluten free and casein free (GFCF) and other interventions
Functional foods : designer foods, pharmafoods, nutraceuticals
Techniques of healthy cooking
The intolerant gourmet
The dairy-free & gluten-free kitchen : 150 delicious dishes for every meal, every day
The intolerant gourmet : glorious food without gluten & lactose
Easy sexy raw : 130 raw food recipes, tools, and tips to make you feel gorgeous and satisfied
Simply gluten-free & dairy-free : breakfasts, lunches, treats, dinners, desserts
Minimalist Baker's everyday cooking : 101 entirely plant-based, mostly gluten-free, easy and delicious recipes
Overcoming arthritis : the complete complementary health program
The allergy-free cookbook for kids : 150 recipes that are free of the 8 most common allergens
The everything guide to cooking for children with autism : from everyday meals to holiday treats : 200 tasty recipes your child will love to eat
The migraine miracle : a sugar-free, gluten-free, ancestral diet to reduce inflammation and relieve your headaches for good
Essentials of nutrition and diet therapy
101 fat-burning workout & diet startegies for women
The Dairy-free cookbook
50 ways to boost your metabolism
Living gluten free for dummies
These coconut flour recipes are completely free of wheat, gluten, soy, trans fats, and artificial sweeteners. Coconut flour provides many health benefits: it can improve digestion, help regulate blood sugar, protect against diabetes, help prevent heart disease and cancer, and aid in weight loss.
Diabetes : recipes, hints, tips
Serving people with food allergies : kitchen management and menu creation / Joel J. Schaefer
Gluten-free & easy : over 80 simple recipes for the gluten intolerant
Raw Food Detox : Over 100 Recipes for Better Health, Weight Loss, and Increased Vitality
