http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18246 segmentation
segmentation
Segmentation of yeast cells from stacks of transmitted light images obtained by confocal microscopy
Perceptions of finnish tourists travelling to Brazil
Food service marketing and promotion
The end of corporate imperialism
Essentials of contemporary advertising
Routledge handbook of sport management
Improving channel sales in a software company
Market Analysis for O'Connell's Irish Bar : A Scenario Approach
Retail marketing and branding : a definitive guide to maximizing ROI
The interplay of vowel harmony and word stress in segmenting Finnish
Principles and practice of marketing
Creating an online marketing communication plan : case company X
Lifestylebased segmentation and profitability : an investigation in retail banking
The Development of a Business Strategy for Husky in Finland
Market segmentation : using demographics, psychographics and other niche marketing techniques to predict and model customer behavior
Market of business intelligence systems in Russia
The significance of differentiation in a cluster of industries
Segmentation strategies for hospitality managers : target marketing for competitive advantage
Niche Marketing as a tool to attract customers : a case of ASB Meeting Solutions
Foreign listing of stocks and market segmentation
Investigating the appropriateness of using benefit segmentation to segment industrial markets : can benefit segments illuminate customer perceived value?
Customer identification and engagement : case: Oceanvolt Ltd
Marketing management of bars in Helsinki city centre
Customer segmentation in industrial markets : case: Labelstock Company
Developing international marketing for a geopark packaged tour for the Hong Kong market
Market Research about Customer Segmentation
Increasing customer commitment by strengthening sales process
Education, training and employment dynamics : transitional labour markets in the European Union
Adopting a supplier segmentation model to improve resource allocation : Case Kone Corporation
Target group analysis for raising company awareness : case Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd
"The primary theme of Pricing Strategies is that pricing should be guided by the marketing concept, which indicates that success is achieved through a focus on the needs and sensitivities of the customer. This customer-focus theme is evident throughout the text. The author helps to overcome the mathematical anxieties of students with an intuitive approach to understanding basic pricing concepts, and presents mathematical techniques as simply more detailed specifications of these concepts"--Provided by publisher.
Exploring direct marketing
Towards better stakeholder engagement in social media : analyzing Metso Corporation's followers on Twitter
Contributions to morphology learning using conditional random fields
Corporate customers’ needs and expectations for legal services
Tarketing the marketing work as a segmentation problem with special emphasis on the heating installation market for small houses in Finland
How to market service packages to European customers. Case study: Evason Ana Mandara & Six Senses Spa-Nhatrang Resort
Practical marketing plan for a hair beauty business : case: Studio-K hair salon, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Reaching customer based competitive advantage on nursery stock retailing
Marketing : the basics
Customer segmentation for student catering
The purpose of the research was to study food-related behaviour by examining food preferences and distinguishing food-related lifestyle segments. The target group was university students in St. Petersburg, Russia. The subjects studied were ways of shopping, quality aspects, cooking methods, purchasing motives and consumption situations. The Theoretical part of this study was based on a cross-culturally valid Food-related Lifestyle instrument developed by Brunso K., Grunert K. and Bredahl L. in 1996. The empirical study was conducted in spring 2008. A Food related lifestyle questionnaire and snowball sampling method were used as data collection tools. The sample size was 105 valid replies and the data was analysed with SPSS Statistics 17.0. The research method was quantitative. The analysing methods used were Principal Component analysis and Cluster analysis. The outcome led to formatting four food-related lifestyle segments: traditional, hedonistic, conscious and careless. Each segment has its own distinctive characteristics and demographic indicators. Some general food preferences and factors affecting buying decisions were discovered within the sample. University students in St. Petersburg are price conscious and value taste, naturalness and healthiness in their meals. In addition easiness in shopping and cooking is crucial for target group. Surprisingly, country of origin had little affect on purchasing decisions, and attitudes towards advertising were negative.
Renovate before you innovate : why doing the new thing might not be the right thing
A comparison of key marketing operations in Finland and in France : AMV-Trading & Tekoset
Marketing hospitality
International marketing strategies : how to build international market share
Analysis of microtomographic images of porous heterogeneous materials
Use and benefits of market segmentation : market segmentation in pick up papers
Effective drivers in engine selection and customer segments
The aim of this study was to evaluate an application tool for the Company to see if the application tool would increase the use of the resources, make the selling process more effective and help the project management tasks and phases and decrease the time used for the deal. The whole delivery and sales processes from getting a lead to the final document delivery and into the project closure were examined. Additionally, the Company managers were interested in if the application tool can be used to make it easier for the Company distributors to generate accurate offers for the customers without massive help from the Company sales department. The marketing and sales functions of the Company were analysed and investigated by the researcher as well as the sales actions and functions of the company’s distributors. The methods were analysed and investigated to reveal the possible problems in the partner sales. After the thorough analyses were done, the outcomes were compared against the application tool to see if the application solves the problems. An action research approach was used as the researcher was an insider in the Company. The chosen approach may offer the researcher an easier access to information than an outsider would have. On the other hand, being the insider naturally means that the researcher must put special emphasis on the objectiveness of the study. The solution suggestions are cloud based services that are easy to implement and monitor and which are improving customer service, partner communication, and channel sales. They were chosen for the case Company instead of more traditional solutions as they better fit into the small company.
Factors influencing a toy purchase decision
The purpose of this thesis was to find right marketing channel options for the case company Sininka, which manufactures and sells jewellery. Entrepreneur has used many marketing channels in which the money builds up on different basis and the money flow to the company is unstable and uncertain. By comparing different marketing channels the purpose is to find the right marketing channels for this particular case company to ensure profitable and rational operations.  Theory part discusses marketing mix, target market, buyer behaviour and marketing channels on a general level. Theory part was conducted by using professional literature and online sources, limiting the alternatives to more recent ones, as some of the topics are relatively new. This was to ensure that the newest possible information was taken into account.  The thesis was conducted by using qualitative research methods. Information concerning the empirical part was gathered from the entrepreneur in face-to-face and e-mail interviews. The entrepreneur gave permission to use the company's financial statements as well, which made it possible to conduct a simple financial analysis to support the empirical part. Findings from the theoretical part were used in the empirical part to create a clear picture of the case company's current operations.  Based on the theoretical research and empirical research the last part of the thesis delivers recommendations and actions for the case company, so that in the future it is possible to utilize the right marketing channels in order to save time and money, and also to stabilize the money flow.
User perceptions of internet banking
Developing Generally Applicable Guidelines for Efficient Marketing of ATEX Product Group
Niche : why the market no longer favours the mainstream
Marketing : an introductory text
Essentials of marketing
The purpose of this paper was to discover the best segment in the business market for Optimal Performance Oy to target their wellness services, and to create a low-budget marketing communications plan with the most suitable marketing channels and best advertising strategy for this segment. Using literature sources, the theoretical part of the paper explains the concepts relevant to the topic in areas of services, segmentation, business-to-business marketing and marketing communications.  Theme interviews with HR-managers were the basis for the primary research. Combining theory with the results from the interviews indicated that large intellectual-capital companies are the most interested in wellness programs and that a personal communication is the most optimal communication channel considering the budget. Accordingly, a marketing communications plan was drafted. The paper also includes further suggestions that go beyond the communication plan. Among other things, it is suggested that in order to differentiate itself from competitors, Optimal Performance should constantly analyze and follow up on their local competitors.
Key marketing concepts
Methods used  by the Kenya tourist board in marketing adventure tourism in Mount  Kenya region
STRATEGIC MARKETING PLAN IN PRODUCT LIFE CYCLE
Profile of a Crowne Plaza Helsinki Hotel “luxury” customer
Food-related lifestyle segments among university students in St. Petersburg, Russia
Key Customer Relationship Management and Service Delivery Plan : case: Service Methodology Plan
How to write a marketing plan
Marketing communication plan for Optimal Performance Oy
Blue ocean strategy : how to create uncontested market space and make the competition irrelevant
Food related lifestyle segmentation in St. Petersburg and Joensuu : case company "Raisio Group"
Developing Customer Personas based on Non-Member and Member Customer Profiles of Barbershop Franchise : Case M Room
Precision marketing : maximizing revenue through relevance
Developing and comparing methods for mapping habitat types and conservation values using remote sensing data and GIS methods
Vision-based human motion description and recognition
The market segmentation workbook : target marketing for marketing managers
Customer awareness and customer attraction for TEMA-matkat : Finnmatkat specialty travel case
Solution business in marine equipment markets : case Taurus
Lexical segmentation in Slovak and German
Food related lifestyle segments in St. Petersburg, Russia and Joensuu, Finland: Case company Raisio group
Let us boost your business : how to improve your results in tough times
Marketing Strategy Study For Customized Humidors In East Ontario Area
The aim of this thesis was to investigate the consumption of healthy food and consumers' food-related behaviour by examining the life styles and further determine food-related consumer lifestyle segments in St. Petersburg and Joensuu. People 40 and above were the target group. The study concentrates on researching consumers' attitudes, interests and opinions in relation to food and eating. The main research problem is the relationship between food-related lifestyle and healthy food consumption in St. Petersburg and Joensuu. Moreover, the objective was to investigate how people proceed with their shopping, perceive quality and what their purchasing and consumption motives are.The basis of the theoretical part was the study of Food-related life style instrument by Brunso, Grunert & Bredahl (1996). Several other food related studies provided a wide range description of the market and its consumers and food-related lifestyle segments. A healthy lifestyle in general, a healthy food market, several food types regarded as healthy foods, particularly functional and organic foods are described detailer. Furthermore, consumers' interest, attitudes, opinions and lifestyles are illustrated from the various market areas. A research method was quantitative based on frequencies, cross tabulations, statistical tests, reliability analysis, principal component and cluster analysis as well as visual binning. The out come lead to formatting the segments. All together 412 respondents were interviewed: 212 from St. Petersburg and 200 from Joensuu. Data was analysed with the SPSS Statistics 17.0 programme. Most respondents of this sample were females and between the ages of 40-49 years old, but in Finland the classes were rather evenly distributed. The focus was a comparison of the two nationalities. Analysing consumers' behaviour was based on several background variables. It may be concluded that respondents from both market areas show similar consumer behaviour, but some distinctive cultural differences exist. Four consumer segments were found: hedonistic, low-involved, traditional and adventurous. Each segment has its own distinctive characteristics. In both countries the largest segment was the adventurous food consumer.  Thus, some general marketing methods can be utilised in both countries. On the other hand, national characteristics must be taken into account.
Students as a marketing segment for travel agencies
Building routes to customers : proven strategies for profitable growth
HELSINKIguide : a teaser brochure of Helsinki
Segment reporting : revised 1997.
This thesis is done under a mandate from Ravintola Loiste. Ravintola Loiste is a hotel restaurant located at Sokos Hotel Vaakuna Helsinki. The hotel and the restaurant are part of Sokotel Oy. The primary objectives of the thesis are to identify the behavior and characteristics of the current customer base, to recognize the key customer segments and to determine the effectiveness of current marketing channels. Furthermore the thesis will evaluate digital media as a potential marketing tool and channel.    The thesis is research oriented, based on background theory and a quantitative survey. The theory of the thesis consists of two main components, namely customer relationship management and marketing strategies, both the traditional and the digital.     The survey consists of 16 questions emphasizing on three main areas; customer demographics, customer behavior and marketing. The survey was conducted and collected at the restaurant premises during the months of January and February of 2011. The outcome was 139 viable surveys collected.     Based on the analysis of the survey results and the interview three key customer segments were identified; 56+ year old women, 26-35 year old men & women, and business customers. The 56+ year old women are by far the largest group. The second largest group 26-35 year old men & women was deemed as the most desired segment. Lastly the business customers were recognized as a segment that if increased can be very valuable in terms of repeat business.    Customers valued mostly the scenic view and the central location of the restaurant, regardless of segment. Loiste's current marketing has proven to be unsuccessful in reaching desired customers. Within the context of digital media, Google is undoubtedly the most utilized in terms of information search. Social media, while not yet very popular amongst the customer base, will prove to be a ground breaking tool for increasing the interactivity of customer relationships. According to the findings there is most potential for digital marketing within the segment of 25-36 year old men and women. The relationship with the 56+ women segment should be strengthened through customer loyalty programs. Business customers should be managed through personal sales.
Marketing by matrix : 100 practical ways to improve your strategic and tactical marketing
Business plan for RoBo Gym : establishment of a new company and creating a competitive advantage
The initial idea, which stands at the background for making this thesis was to create a new bar concept in the centre of Helsinki. However, to generate a successful concept, it became more meaningful to study the current market situation of bars in central Helsinki - to learn from different bar concepts and types. Hence, the focus of the thesis is on the overall marketing management of bars in Helsinki city centre, thus involving the topics and interest on: segmentation, target marketing, marketing strategies, differentiation and issues on competition, not forgetting the trends of the bar business in the local business environment and beyond.   Furthermore, previous studies regarding restaurant segmentation, (consumer choice) attributes and dining out occasions, are used for guidance as far as the attributes and occasions for visiting bars are concerned. Therefore, the aim of the study is  to get to know the current situation of bars in the heart of Helsinki, in terms of various concepts, competitive differentiation; and to define (consumer choice) attributes and occasions for visiting bars, from the managers` point of view.  The data of the thesis is derived from bar managers of the few bars selected by their different concepts. Since interviewing customers has been left out from the research, the most appropriate research methodology in this case was found to be the qualitative method, involving personal interviews. The research procedure includes a framework, illustrating all of the key points of the thesis - they are sorted and analysed within the framework methodology structure. In addition to the primary research using qualitative methodology; secondary research selecting appropriate and fit literature, can be seen also as part of the methodology or at least as part of the learning process.   To conclude, while most of the bar managers are aware of their target group and practice various marketing strategies to retain their customers, most of the bar managers seem to have had an innovative idea which they went to fulfil, without conducting primary marketing research. Furthermore, customers are attracted by using informal networks like communication and socialization within the target customer group. Still, some inexpensive marketing efforts, such as distributing flyers or using customers surveys are practiced by bar managers too. All in all, the bar managers seem to be aware of competition and the importance of various bar attributes like image, atmosphere, location, music, service quality, personnel, etc. Following each and every one of the stated objectives,  problems and aim of the thesis to find answers; solutions and examples are portrayed to present findings from the data, in discovering the bar management and market  environment of bars in Helsinki city centre by addressing the particular issues, themes and topics on focus.
Identification of potential customer for MHG tracking service in Russia
Tourists' interest in participating sustainability activities while travelling
Customer analysis on Chinese cosmetics packaging market
Marketing strategies : a contemporary approach
Marketing in travel and tourism
Business market segmentation : Segmenting market for AmCham Finland
Development of efficient B2B distribution channels for cargo fastening equipment in Russia : case: Mira Trading Company
A preface to marketing management
Starting an Organic Café in Vaasa
Principles of advertising : a global perspective
Self-report measurement of segmentation, mimesis and perceived emotions in acousmatic electroacoustic music
Marketing for a full house : a complete guide to profitable hotel/motel operational planning
Improving customer relationship management : the possibilities of digital marketing : case: Ravintola Loiste
Role of information in new product development
Marketing in todays society has gone to a level in which the act of selling is causing resentment among the public. We are at a stage where traditional printed advertising has lost its strength and digital marketing has taken over; raising the stakes. In between all this, most companies have failed to analyze their existing clientele, thus improving their up-to-date knowledge on the target group and aiming the marketing to the proper customer segments. The case company, Liikuntakeskus Voitto Ltd., is a recently founded health and fitness center located in Limingantulli, Oulu. The topic for this thesis originated from the owners of the company; wishing to examine its clientele in order to gain detailed knowledge on the current target group and to readjust the marketing if necessary. The objective was to determine what type of customer groups Liikuntakeskus Voitto is formed of and how they can be reached in terms of marketing communication. This thesis also aimed to uncover the questions on how the customers had initiated first contact with the case company and what were the main reasons to join. Quantitative research method was used in gathering the data for the empirical part of the thesis. The research itself was conducted as a questionnaire; as a traditional paper form and an online survey. Closed questions were used for the most part to gain coherent and comparable answers. However, the questionnaire included also a few open-ended questions allowing the customers to give direct feedback on the services to the client company. The theoretical part of the thesis was based on printed and online material. The results were presented to the management of the client company and the necessary action was taken in accordance with the results. The main customer segments and their characteristics were identified, revealing the potential development area in marketing. ^
Market segmentation : a step-by-step approach to creating profitable market segments
Developing Customer Strategy and Segmentation, Case: The Finnish Seamen's Mission in the Benelux
The objective of the research was to map and investigate segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses. Furthermore, the research focused on investigating whether there was a need for segmentation, what kind of criteria can be found for segmentation and what kind of co-operation possibilities there were for golf courses. An international aspect to the research was added by investigating the situation of golf in Sweden. Currently there are 115 golf courses in Finland which are operating mainly on a similar basis. The operation of golf clubs in Finland is professional with profound golf knowledge, golf course masters and training as well as good international contacts. Similarly, the sport itself is traditional possessing rules, etiquette and awareness of environmental issues. However, there is imbalance in the use of golf courses between growth areas and the rest of Finland. Weaknesses can be found in the lack of playing possibilities for players who are not members of a golf club. Similarly, the capacity of golf courses in the growth areas of Finland is limited. These facts formed the background for the research. The research was qualitative with inductive approach. The conceptual framework was derived from the theories in the field of segmentation, consumer behaviour and services. The primary data collection method was group interviews. The data was audio-recorded and transcribed. The transcribed data was categorised and analysed using data reduction, data display and analysis. The research results and conclusions were presented in Finnish. The secondary data sources were various reports and data from the Internet. The research process started in December 2008 and three group interview sessions were held in early May 2009 at HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences. The research indicated that criteria for segmentation can be found and there were several co-operation possibilities between different golf courses, and with various interest groups. Based on the research findings and conclusions, two different approaches to the differentia-tion of golf courses were suggested; a golf course which would concentrate on a specific area e.g. business golf or competitions or a golf course which would differentiate its internal club and/or course operations based on the needs and requirements of segments/player groups. The research indicated that the identification of potential segments enables a golf course to adjust and optimise its operations. Therefore, it could be suggested that, within the research context, the need for segmentation was found.
Market segmentation : how to do it, how to profit from it
Source text segmentation and simultaneous interpreting performance
Mapping the use of CRM in the case company
Health and wellness tourism : emergence of a new market segment
Effective CRM using predictive analytics
Industrial marketing : a process of creating and maintaining exchanges
Marketing strategies for a B2B industrial supplier : case: Company X
Developing of research and development strategy framework in capital intensive industries
Just the facts101 : textbook key facts : textbook outlines, highlights, and practice quizzes : framework for marketing management by Philip Kotler, 5th edition
Counter strategies in global markets
Target group analysis : strategic segmentation of Tampere Dream Hostel Oy clientele
The long tail : Why the future of business  is selling less or more
Consumer profiles : an introduction to psychographics
Introducing a New Business Model : Die Storage Service for Purso Oy
Image segmentation in multi-source forest inventory
The complete guide to direct marketing
Finding the right marketing channel options for the case company: Sininka
Market segmentation : how to do it and how to profit from it
Identifying potential segments for Finnish online DVD rental services
Crack the customer mind code : seven pathways from head -> heart -> yes!
Liikuntakeskus Voitto has the potential to expand, since it has over doubled its customer base compared to the previous year. The key features their customers embrace in character are the optimism and laid-back attitude, which make the interaction extremely easy.
Up close and personal? : customer relationship marketing @ work
Marketing plan for pet store Tassumassu
The home of a baby boomer : a market research of the real estate needs of the baby boomer in the upstate of South Carolina; the case of Rosewood Communities Inc.
Leisure-related segments in St. Petersburg : exercising lifestyle
Adventure Tourism in Vaasa Region : Demand for a new business
Mining sequential data : in search of segmental structures
Object motion estimation using block matching with uncertainty analysis
Using cluster analysis to segment tourists : response-style effects
Comparison of Finnish and Russian students’ buying preferences in discount retail: Preliminary market research for Tokmanni
Segmenting the industrial market
The commissioner of this thesis is a company called CubiCasa. The reason for this thesis was the interest of CubiCasa on 3 different segments. The segments were AR/VR, home decoration and real estate business. The commissioner wanted to find out if it is profitable for the company to go and target these different segments. On these segments they also defined 4 different companies: InsiteVR, Augmented Pixels, CoContest and Zillow. Of these companies they wanted more information and if they should go and sell their products to them. Most of the used material were from the internet sources. Theory part of this thesis were gathered from books. Most of the segments were found to not be profitable for CubiCasa to sell their products to at this time. The company operating in real estate business, Zillow, is the most relevant ones from these companies and segments because of the technology of CubiCasa and their production process. But even in the case of Zillow CubiCasa still have to wait until they have managed to create an almost fully automated production process on the floor plans.
Strategic marketing in food service : planning for change
Segmentation possibilities for Finnish golf courses
Entering the Finnish market and choosing a market entry mode for manufacturer of wooden windows : case company X
50-plus market : why the future is age neutral when it comes to marketing  & branding strategies
The purpose of this research was to plan and implement a strategic segmentation of the clientele of the commissioning company, Tampere Dream Hostel Oy. The intention was to acquire a thorough understanding of the past and current clientele, analyse and group the population into homogenous within and from each other heterogeneous segments, and to define and determine in terms of strategic and operational objectives the most valuable ones. In the literature review, the most important concepts regarding the segmentation re-search were defined in order to gain a thorough understanding of the topics at hand, after which a theoretical framework was chosen to guide through the process of seg-mentation.  The theoretical framework is primarily based on the theory of Ala-Mutka and Talvela, while being supported by other academic authors. The research was primarily based on quantitative research methods, supplemented by the use of qualitative data collected through interviews. The primary source of data in the research was the secondary data extracted from the online property management software of the commissioning company. The research was conducted with respect to general guidelines of academic study and with the aims of reliable and valid end results. All relevant findings of the processed data, and an overview of the clientele of the hos-tel were described objectively in the findings of this research. Subsequently, the findings were analysed and discussed thoroughly from various points of view, through which the sample population was finally divided into segments that respond to the defined objectives of the study. Furthermore, the resulting segments respond to the strategic and operational objectives of the commissioning company, and thus bring support in financial growth. Therefore, the study can be considered to have been of great value to the consignee, and is considered successful while said objectives were met.
Marketing research for Holiday Club Saariselkä : the county of Finnmark
Understanding and managing customers
Customer oriented product development using conjoint method
Multicultural marketing : selling to a diverse America
Mapping the potential international customer of Finnish Forest Research Institute (Metla) : case study: forest inventory services & data
Marketing planning : a global perspective
Neste Oil Rally spectator in Lahti 2011 : profile, satisfaction and willingness to recommend the event
Evaluation of opportunities for extreme tour in the Republic of Karelia for young people from Helsinki
Tiivistelmä: The Development of a Business Strategy for Husky in Finland.
Modelling and prediction of perceptual segmentation
Managing customer relationships in industrial context: customer analysis and strategic customer plan : Case Andritz Pulp and Paper Business Area
Researching segments of interest for CubiCasa
What makes segmentation good? A case study in boreal forest habitat mapping
The practice of graduate research in hospitality and tourism
Have fork will travel : a practical handbook for food & drink tourism professionals
Marketing in the hospitality industry
Borrowing Coy's (2004) words; Communicating hotel's marketing message to the “general public” is a waste of time, money and effort.  The general public is too large a mass, its de-scription too vague and its needs too varied for you to satisfy. Smart hotel marketers use segmentation and profiling and direct marketing to reach specific customer segments that a need, interest and ability to buy their hotel products.”    This case study concentrates on a customer segment demanding for more 'luxurious' services compared to an average hotel guest, as Crowne Plaza Helsinki offers their customers accommodation in club rooms for somewhat higher rates. The most noticeable objective of this thesis was to better understand the expectations and the needs of this particular segment.  By accomplishing the research, the aim was to find out what kind of products and services these quests could be advertised and provided with in order to make the stay in Helsinki an excellent experience.    This work has been completed within a rather compact timeframe, between May 2008, when starting the actual planning,  and November 2008 by which the research part, analysis and finalizing the work was done. A questionnaire was used as a research method and the study as whole was carried out within approximately a three week period.    The thesis is hoped to be helpful for the related company when developing marketing ideas in the near future. When considering the market circumstances with this specific niche in question, the created customer profile could help the hotel marketers as well as even destination marketers in co-operation to reach the right customers, and lay out marketing and advertising strategies to successfully communicate with targeted, prospective customers    This work also benefits the author, functioning as an excellent experience and learning tool bearing in mind the forthcoming career opportunities.    Following the official guideline, this paper progresses from introduction and literature review on to methodology explained all the way to analysis and final conclusions. Necessary addi-tional information is found in the end as appendices
Handbook of market segmentation : strategic targeting for business and technology firms
Marketing concepts in practise : case study: Company X
This thesis explores online marketing communication, the tools that are used in it, and how to use them effectively. Subject for this thesis was given by a case-company, where the author was doing the internship-period in 2014.  Theoretical part features information about marketing communication in general, market segmentation, online marketing communication and its tools in details.  To support the theoretical information this thesis includes an empirical part, which is done by semi-structured thematic interview, which is part of qualitative research. Thematic interviews were made with people who have years of experience in online marketing communication in international business field. Empirical part includes author's suggestions for online marketing communication plan. Meaning of the empirical part is to give the case-company ideas for the online marketing communication plan for the new product line.  The final outcome of the thesis, suggestion for online marketing communication plan includes suggestions for the use of available online marketing communication tools that the company has.
Developing International Marketing for a Geopark Packaged Tour for the Hong Kong market
The bachelor thesis is built around an idea of creating a teaser  brochure of Helsinki in co-operation with a graphic and media student and  a destination management company Helsinki Expert. The main idea for  the thesis derived from a personal interest of the author in her home town  and the growing interest of independent travellers in Helsinki. The goal set  was to create an actual brochure including Helsinki Expert's products and  get it printed as well as distributed. The segment chosen was young  European tourists interested in independent travel. Helsinki cannot present  old cultures and their remains for the incoming tourists; rather it has to find  its attraction factors from modernity. The author feels that Helsinki has a  lot to offer to the younger tourist segments of Europe but still has work to  do attracting and getting them to visit the city. This thesis is project based  and divided into two parts, the brochure itself and the report including the  theoretic framework and the process description. The thesis starts by  presenting the theoretic framework including definitions, marketing  theories as well as factors to be considered when writing a brochure. It  proceeds to the actual process, the author explaining how the idea was  turned into practise. Finally the author analyses the result and what could  have been done otherwise. The process was started from finding a  partner and creating the brochure in the fall of 2006 but completion of the  thesis was delayed into November 2008 with this report. The brochure  was finished and printed but never distributed. The author feels that the  brochure itself was executed quite well but some parts of the process  could have been done otherwise to reach all the aimed objectives.
Online Environment Market Research : Travel Lions Entering the UK Market
CIM coursebook : the marketing planning process
Modern trends in B2B marketing and advertising in Finland : case: Lahden tyokalupiste-Toolpoint
The essence of marketing
Market segmentation and value of customer relationships : case study: company X
Advances in hospitality and leisure
Pricing segmentation and analytics
Interest in fair-trade traveling
Selling results solutions : creating sales opportunities in mature industrial markets
On optical character recognition in mobile appliances with imaging capability
