http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18277 growing media
growing media
Peat in horticulture : quality and environmental challenges : proceedings of the International Peat Symposium, Pärnu, Estonia, 3 - 6 September 2002
Root adaptation and ion selectivity affects the nutritional value of salt-stressed hydroponically grown baby-leaf Nasturtium officinale and Lactuca sativa
Abstract.
Proceedings of the International Symposium on High Technology for Greenhouse Systems : Quebec City, Canada, June 14-19, 2009.. Vol. 2, Greensys2009
Proceedings of the World Congress on Soilless Culture : Agriculture in the coming millenium
Fine-root biomass and production in Scots pine stands
Methods for measurement of soil aeration
On the effect of anaerobic media upon the roots of birch, pine and spruce seedlings
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Responsible Peatland Management and Growing Media Production : Québec City, Canada, June 13-17, 2011
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures:focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Forty-two case studies represent a range of green locations: garages, bicycle shelters, car ports, porches, barns, and homes.
Tomatoes in peat
Sustainable market farming : intensive vegetable production on a few acres
The casing layer : proceedings of the first seminar in mushroom science held in the Department of Biological Sciences, The University of Aston in Birmingham
Response to exogenous application of phytohormone at seedling and cellular levels in disomic chromosome substitution lines of wheat
Hydroponics : indoor horticulture
Peat in horticulture : development of the role of peat in horticulture : proceedings of the international peat conference
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Soilless Cultivation : Leiden, The Netherlands, June 17-21, 2013
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media 2007 : Nottingham, UK, September 2-8, 2007
Hydrological properties of peat-based growth media
Diets, culture media, food supplements. 3, Culture media for microorganisms and plants
Growth properties of gypsum, mixture of fly ash and ilmenite reidue, dredged material and wastewater sludge for landfill landscaping
Plant nutrition of greenhouse crops
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Soilless Cultivation : Shanghai, China May 22-25, 2012
Reproducibility of suppression of Pythium wilt of cucumber by compost
Farmland afforestation by natural regeneration and direct seedling of hairy birch and silver birch
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Composting : Charlotte, NC, USA, June 1-5, 2009
Effect of cropping system and peat amendment on strawberry growth and yield
Comparison of media for enumeration of coliform bacteria and Escherichia coli in non-disinfected water
Growing media
Encyclopedia of annuals and perennials
Drivers of ecological and geomorphological patterns in the complex beach system
Soil improvers and growing media - Determination of physical properties - Dry bulk density, air volume, water volume, shrinkage value and total pore space
Effect of substrate type on the field performance and chemical composition of highbush blueberry cv.Patriot
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Soilless Culture and Hydroponics : Almeria, Spain. November 14-19, 2004
Ligninolytic enzymes of the basidiomycetous fungi Agaricus bisporus and Phlebia radiata on lignocellulose-containing media
Forest lichens and their substrata in Estonia
Recovery of growth potential of nursery stock produced on biocide-treated soils
In vitro propagation and microrhizome induction in Zingiber cassumunar (Roxb.) : an antioxidant-rich medicinal plant
Arbuscular mycorrhizae and growth enhancement of micropropagated Prunus rootstock in different soilless potting mixes
Plant culture media. Vol. 1, Formulations and uses
Experiments on the effect of anaerobic media upon birch, pine and spruce seedlings
Proceedings of the World Congress 1969 : Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 11-14 November 1969.
Proceedings of the IInd International Symposium on Soilless Culture and Hydroponics : Puebla, Mexico, May 15-19, 2011
Part 1 : 2nd symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis, Guernsey, United Kingdom, 10-14 September 1990
Water potential and hydraulic conductivity of peat growth media in containers during drying
Compaction of growth media based on Sphagnum peat during one-year culturing of container seedlings
Growth of planted Norway spruce seedlings in mineral soil and forest organic matter : plant and soil interactions with implications for site preparation
There is increasing global interest in using compost to suppress soil-borne fungal and bacterial diseases and nematodes. We studied the reproducibility of compost suppressive capacity (SC) against Pythium wilt of cucumber using nine composts produced by the same composting plant in 2008 and 2009. A bioassay was set up in a greenhouse using cucumber inoculated with two strains of Pythium. The composts were used as 20% mixtures (v:v) of a basic steam-sterilized light Sphagnum peat and sand (3:1, v:v). Shoot height was measured weekly during the 5-week experiment. At harvest, the SC was calculated as the % difference in shoot dry weight (DW) between non-inoculated and inoculated cucumbers. The SC was not affected by year of production (2008 or 2009), indicating reproducibility of SC when the raw materials and the composting method are not changed. Differences in shoot height were not as pronounced as those for shoot DW. The results were encouraging, but further studies are still needed for producing compost with guaranteed suppressiveness properties.
Hydroponic strawberry production : a technical guide to the hydrophonic production of strawberries
Symposium on substrates in horticulture other than soils in situ, Dublin, Ireland, 12-16 September 1988
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media : Angers, France
Peat in horticulture
New convenient defined media for [35S]methionine labelling and proteomic analyses of probiotic lactobacilli
Growing greenhouse tomatoes in soil and soilless media
Tiivistelmä: Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar.
Proceedings of the international peat conference [Amsterdam, the Netherlands, November 2-7, 1997] : Peat in horticulture - its use and sustainability
Proceedings of the VIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Leuven, Belgium, September 13 - 18, 2009
3rd International symposium on soil disinfestation, Leuven, Belgium, 26-30 September 1988
Growing greenhouse seedless cucumbers in soil and in soilless media
Radish growth on extracted peats
Spore dispersal of Heterobasidion annosum and simulations of the spread of butt rot in Picea abies stands in Finland
Proceedings of the 1st International Symposium on Organic Matter Management and Compost Use in Horticulture, Adelaide, South Australia, Australia, April 4-7, 2011
Effect of peat-based two-component growth media on the growth of containerized scots pine seedlings
Volume measurement of substrates for horticulture : evolution over time
The susceptibility of Betula pendula and B. pubescens saplings to stem spot disease on different soils
Handbook of culture media for food microbiology
Hydroponics : a practical guide for the soilless grower
Improvement of recombinant protein production in shaken cultures : focus on aeration and enzyme-controlled glucose feeding
Dead-wood-associated aphyllophoroid fungi : perspectives on the diversity, ecology and conservation biology of species and their habitats
Proceedings of the Symposium on Growing Media, Composting and Substrate Analysis : Barcelona, Spain October 17-21, 2011
Hydroponic basics
Growing media : for ornamental plants and turf
Abstract: The ecology of the cloudberry (Rubus chamaemorus) is shortly reviewed, especially paying attention to the reproduction and to the damages caused by Galerucella nymphaeae. Figures are given indicating the maximum yield in natural conditions, and the economic importance of this berry is stressed...
Proceedings of the South Pacific Soilless Culture Conference (SPSCC) : Palmerston North, New Zealand, 10-13 February 2003
International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Kassandra, Macedonia, Greece, August 31 - September 6, 1999
Advanced guide to hydroponics (soilless cultivation)
The response of watercress (Nasturtium officinale L.) to salinity has been scarcely addressed in literature despite its growing importance in the baby-leaf market and its wide cultivation in salt-affected agricultural regions. This work evaluates the effect of salinity (2.5, 5 and 10 dS m-1) on productive and quality features of watercress compared with another crop widely cultivated for the baby-leaf sector (lettuce, Lactuca sativa). In watercress, a linear relationship (R2=0.75) was observed between yield decrease and Cl- accumulation in leaves, whereas yield was not affected by salinity in lettuce. NaCl application increased Na+ accumulation at the expense of Ca2+ uptake in the leaf tissues of both crops, but also of K+ in watercress. Health-related features were improved by salinity (e.g. increased phenolics and reduced nitrates), especially in watercress, with limited sensorial quality evaluation effects..
Soilless culture : theory and practise
The effect of  various treatments of culture medium upon the growth of certain fungal antagonists
Growing in rockwool
Distribution, status and ecology of the lichen Cyphelium notarisii in Sweden
Acknowledging that plant nutrition in greenhouse cultivation differs in many essentials from field production, this book details specific information about testing methods for soils and substrates in a greenhouse environment.
In vitro mycorrhization of micropropagated Helianthemum almeriense plantlets with Terfezia claveryi (desert truffle)
Proceedings of the VIIIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation : Turin, Italy, July 13-17, 2014
Handling laboratory microorganisms
Measuring physical properties of peat substrates in situ to monitor irrigation and aeration needs
Horticultural use of peat
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Greenhouse 2010 and Soilless Cultivation : Lisbon, Portugal August 22-27, 2010
Improving compatibility between prediction of basal area diameter distributions and assessments of young stands
Weathering in saxicolous lichen communities : a geobiological research project
Bryophytes on boulders : diversity, habitat preferences and conservation aspects
Cultivation of cloudberry in Fennoscandia
Proceedings of the International Symposium on Growing Media and Hydroponics : Alnarp, Sweden, 8-14 September 2001
Gel-based proteomic study on vitamin B12 producing P. freudenreichii ssp. shermanii
Variation in water retention characteristics of peat growth media used in tree nurseries
Mycorrhization of micropropagated mature wild cherry (Prunus avium L.) and common ash (Fraxinus excelsior L.)
Soil conditions and plant growth
Effects of Melampyrum extracts on the growth of axenic cultures of Cronartium flaccidum and Peridermium pini
Plant culture media. Vol. 2, Commentary and analysis
Handbook of microbiological media for the examination of food
Effect of growth media on germination and seedling growth of Persea americana (Mill.)
Proceedings of the VIth International Symposium on Chemical and Non-Chemical Soil and Substrate Disinfestation - SD 2004 : Corfu, Greece, October 4-8, 2004
Soilless growth of plants : use of nutrient solutions, water, sand, cinder, etc
Birch (Betula pubescens) germination and seedling growth on raised bogs : role of substrate types and nutrient availability
Soil improvers and growing media. Determination of organic matter content and ash
Models for growth of pine stands in territories of northern Eurasia
Survival strategies of Silene Tatarica (Caryophyllaceae)
Atypical growth of Renibacterium salmoninarum in subclinical infections
Comparison of three different tests and Muller-Hinton agar related to the detection of MRSA and evaluation of MRSA crom agar in comparison with ORSIM agar and Staphylococcus agar
Effects of rooting media and auxin treatments on the rooting ability of Rupestris du Lot (Vitis rupestris) rootstock cuttings
Persea americana seeds and seedling performance under various growth media were investigated. The study was carried out at the Teaching and Research Farm of Faculty of Agriculture, Delta State University. Four growth media (top soil, sawdust, sharp sand and clay soil) were used. The treatments were replicated three times in a completely randomized design experiment. The results showed that there were significant differences in plant height, collar diameter, leaf number and leaf area. The highest plant height of 15.81 cm was recorded under top soil which was closely followed by 13.42 cm for saw dust, while 13.18 cm and 12.01 cm height values were recorded for sharp sand and clay soil respectively. It is recommended that local farmers should utilize good top soil for the establishment of this species with a view to preventing them from going into extinction.
The role of riboflavin and niacin in vitamin B12 biosynthesis by Propionibacterium freudenreichii
Hydraulic, thermal and aeration properties of mor layers in Finland
The complete guide to soilless gardening
The commercial greenhouse
Hydroponic food production : a definitive guidebook of soilless food-growing methods
Small green roofs : low-tech options for greener living
Populations dynamics of branches in Scots pine canopy
Proceedings of the International Symposium on the Horizons of Using Organic Matter and Substrates in Horticulture : CLAC, ARC, Cairo, Egypt, 6-9 April, 2002
Abstract: Growth properties of gypsum, mixture of fly ash and ilmenite reidue, dredged material and wastewater sludge for landfill landscaping.
Proceedings of the international peat symposium [Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 30 October 2001 : Peat in horticulture - peat and its alternatives in growing media
Rockwool in horticulture
Symposium on horticultural substrates and their analysis : Gl. Avernaes, Funen, Denmark, 5-11 September 1987
Effects of different mineral nutrients on abscisic acid in maize (Zea mays)
Rooting of Scots pine needle fascicles with different growth substances and media
