http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1827 lesbianism
lesbianism
Daughters of desire : lesbian representations in film
The good, the bad and the gorgeous : popular culture's romance with lesbianism
The friendly young ladies
Loving women : being lesbian in unprivileged India
Tell it to the bees
A collection of fifteen interdisciplinary essays examining the history, current condition, and evolving shape of lesbian alliances with U.S. feminists. Contributors explore the social and aesthetic significance of the terms "lesbian" and "feminist" with the interest of reforming and strengthening them.
Cassandra at the wedding
In the past decade the central principles of western feminist theory have been dramatically challenged. Many feminists have endorsed post-structuralism's rejection of essentialist theoretical categories, and have added a powerful gender dimension to contemporary critiques of modernity. Earlier concepts of "gender", "the body", "equality", and "women" have been radically undermined, and newer concerns with "difference", "identity", and "power" have emerged. Destabilizing Theory explores these developments in a set of specially commissioned essays by feminist theorists. Does this change amount to a real shift within feminist theory, or will feminism's links with an emancipatory modernism reinstate an older political agenda? Can we transcend the common counterposition of equality and difference, or is feminism condemned to argue within the terms of this binary opposition? Contributors include Griselda Pollock, Chandra Talpade Mohanty, Rosemary Pringle and Sophie Watson, Moira Gatens, Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak, Sylvia Walby, and Biddy Martin as well as the two editors. The essays deal with subject matter as wide-ranging as the state, experience, art, lesbianism, and the politics of translation, and engage with major debates in philosophy, political theory, and sociology.
If you could be mine : a novel
Lesbian friendship : for ourselves and each other
Bending the landscape : science fiction
The apparitional lesbian : female homosexuality and modern culture
Dykes and sundry other carbon-based life-forms to watch out for
In the early 1990s, when gay teenager Cameron Post rebels against her conservative Montana ranch town and her family decides she needs to change her ways, she is sent to a gay conversion therapy center. – WorldCat.
The case of the not-so-nice nurse
Strawberry panic : The complete manga collection
Gay + lesbian London
The lesbian heresy : a feminist perspective on the lesbian sexual revolution
Bisexualities : the ideology and practice of sexual contact with both men and women
The lesbian pillow book
So fey : queer fairy fiction
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
Pages for you
Thérèse and Isabelle : unexpurgated text
Destabilizing theory : contemporary feminist debates
The Diva book of short stories
Lesbian Gothic : transgressive fictions
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Fun home : a family tragicomic
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
In essays on literary images of lesbianism from Defoe and Diderot to Virginia Woolf and Djuna Barnes, on the homosexual reputation of Marie Antoinette, on the lesbian writings of Anne Lister, Sylvia Townsend Warner, and Janet Flanner, and on Henry James's The Bostonians, Castle shows how a lesbian presence can be identified in the literature, history, and culture of the past three centuries.
Split-level dykes to watch out for
Gay life and culture : a world history
Chloe plus Olivia : an anthology of lesbian literature fron the seventeenth century to the present
Baby remember my name : an anthology of new queer girl writing
Virtually normal : an argument about homosexuality
The night watch
New improved dykes to watch out for
Sleight of hand
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Sociolegal control of homosexuality : a multi-nation comparison
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
Coal to diamonds : a memoir
Map of Ireland : a novel
Out of Egypt
Tipping the velvet
This text explores lesbian sensibility in 20th century fiction. From the verse of Sappho in 600 BC to Radclyffe Hall's "The Well of Loneliness", published in 1928, there is little women's writing that is recognised as "lesbian". It is short because while romantic friendship between women was an accepted social institution from the Renaissance to the 19th century, and sex between women appears to have been a staple of pornography since the incarnation of that genre, the possibility of seeing oneself as "a lesbian" had to wait until the emergence of English sexologists in the last decades of the 19th century, who defined lesbianism as a social and sexual category. If by "lesbian literature" we mean work in which the subject of lesbianism is the centre, the history is even shorter. Is there a "lesbian sensibility" that can be identified in literature that may not be concerned specifically with lesbian sexuality? Examining works as diverse as Willa Cather's "My Antonia", the poetry of Gertrude Stein, the fiction of Carson McCullers, and the lesbian heroine in the novels of Margaret Atwood, the author seeks to redefine the canon.
Queer : the ultimate LGBT guide for teens
These essays explore diverse positive understandings of "lesbian philosophy," from contested sexual behaviors such as pornography and sadomasochism to the meaning of "lesbianism." Editor Claudia Card has also included an up-to-date bibliography of lesbian philosophy and related works.
Wet moon. Book 4 : Drowned in evil
Diverse sexuality and schools : a reference handbook
Beyond the closet : the transformation of gay and lesbian life
Lee and Elaine
The 25 chapters in this book are organized according to the key debates in the field of lesbian and gay studies, and are envisaged both as introductory overviews and critical reflections of these issues. The essays within this volume are designed to raise debate concerning how lesbian and gay studies has contributed to and changed the identity of traditional disciplines, and shaped new areas of study such as the body, performativity and sexual politics.
The professor and other writings
Sex changes : transformations in society and psychoanalysis
Femme seeks to redress the ways that femme identities have been elided, idealized, or not fully historicized in a productive reconsideration of lesbian and butch-femme history, of feminism, and of queer thought. As a feminist project, Femme offers an alliance between many communities of women previously passed over by feminism. Contributors: Leah Lilith Albrecht-Samarasinha, Barbara Cruikshank, Madeline Davis, Heather Findlay, Jewelle Gomez, Kelly Hankin, Leslie Henson, Amber Hollibaugh, Elizabeth Lapovsky Kennedy, Mabel Maney, Katherine Millersdaughter, Joan Nestle, Lisa Ortiz, Minnie Bruce Pratt, Rebecca Ann Rugg, Gaby Sandoval, Marcy Sheiner, Alex Robertson Textor.
Love is love
Queers in history : the comprehensive encyclopedia of historical gays, lesbians, bisexuals, and transgenders
Sex, love & homophobia : lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lives
Lesbian and gay studies : a critical introduction
A Married Woman
Unnatural dykes to watch out for
Bastard out of Carolina
Surpassing the love of men : romantic friendship and love between women from the Renaissance to the present
Are You My Mother? : a comic drama
Wet moon. Book 5 : Where all stars fail to burn
Adventures in lesbian philosophy
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Encyclopedia of homosexuality
Body Guard : a Carol Ashton mystery
Hate is the sin : putting faces on the debate over human sexuality
Cassell's encyclopedia of queer myth, symbol, and spirit : gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender lore
The dark light
Cross-purposes : lesbians, feminists, and the limits of alliance
Spandex : fast and hard
Made in India : decolonizations, queer sexualities, trans/national projects
Ghost of hoppers
Invasion of the dykes to watch out for
Gay life has become increasingly open in the last decade. In Beyond the Closet , Steven Seidman, a well-known author and leading scholar in sexuality, is the first to chronicle this lifestyle change and to look at the lives of contemporary gays and lesbians to see how their "out" status has changed. This compelling, well-written, and smart account is an important step forward for the gay and lesbian community.
The dark wife
Gay and lesbian identity : a sociological analysis
Best lesbian love stories 2009
Aimée & Jaguar : a love story, Berlin 1943
Lesbian step families : an ethnography of love
The postmodern and political agency
No straight lines : four decades of queer comics
Mean little deaf queer : a memoir
Her name in the sky
Footnotes to sex
Dead Certain : a Carol Ashton mystery
Wet moon. Book 3 : Further realms of fright
The miseducation of Cameron Post
Fatal women : lesbian sexuality and the mark of aggression
Cop Out
Girl friends : The complete collection. 2
Femme : feminists, lesbians and bad girls
Liberty Square : a Kate Delafield mystery
Sylvia Townsend Warner : a biography
The new lesbian studies : into the twenty-first century
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
The Hite report on women loving women
The family of woman : lesbian mothers, their children, and the undoing of gender
Lesbian couples : a guide to creating healthy relationships
Locas II : Maggie, Hopey & Ray
Love alters : lesbian stories
Deaf & sober : Journeys through recovery
The paying guests
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
Gay Gotham : art and underground culture in New York
Lesbian discourses : images of a community
Esperanza : a love and rockets book
Spawn of dykes to watch out for
Affinity
Girl friends : The complete collection. 1
Compulsory heterosexuality and Lesbian existence
Gay & lesbian biography
Paris was a woman : portraits from the left bank
Essential dykes to watch out for
Spit and passion
Juliet takes a breath : a Gabby Rivera novel
120 days of Sodom
Neither women's studies nor lesbian and gay studies offers an adequate theoretical or political base for lesbian scholarship. Lesbian Studies: Setting and Agenda aim to promote lesbian studies as an academic and political approach to both gender and the erotic, and to clarify the damaging influence of heterosexism across a range of disciplines. Drawing on feminism and queer theory, Tamsin Wilton argues that 'lesbian' is a theoretical position which must be widely available in order to challenge the dominance of the heterosexual perspective. Engaging with theoretical and political debates, the book moves beyond its role of setting an agenda for lesbian studies into a wider role as resource and catalysts for anyone interested in gender and the erotic.
I, Carmelita Tropicana : performing between cultures
Hot, throbbing dykes to watch out for
The repercussions
Lesbians, women and society
Positively gay : new approaches to gay and lesbian life
Five minutes in heaven
The lesbian lyre : reclaiming Sappho for the 21st century
No Straight Lines showcases major names such as Alison Bechdel, Howard Cruse, and Ralf Koenig, as well as high-profile, cross-over creators who have dabbled in LGBT cartooning, like legendary NYC artist David Wojnarowicz and media darling and advice columnist Dan Savage. No Straight Lines also spotlights many talented creators who never made it out of the queer comics ghetto, but produced amazing work that deserves wider attention. Until recently, queer cartooning existed in a parallel universe to the rest of comics, appearing only in gay newspapers and gay bookstores and not in comic book stores, mainstream bookstores or newspapers. The insular nature of the world of queer cartooning, however, created a fascinating artistic scene. LGBT comics have been an uncensored, internal conversation within the queer community, and thus provide a unique window into the hopes, fears, and fantasies of queer people for the last four decades. These comics have forged their aesthetics from the influences of underground comix, gay erotic art, punk zines, and the biting commentaries of drag queens, bull dykes, and other marginalized queers. They have analyzed their own communities, and their relationship with the broader society.
Oranges are not the only fruit
