http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18214 dragons
dragons
Dragonseye
The emerald dragon
Duncan the story dragon
Potion commotion
Centuries ago, Illarion was betrayed- a dragon made human against his will, then forced to serve humanity as a dragonmount in their army, and to fight for them in barbaric wars, even while he hated everything about them. Enslaved and separated from everyone he knew and from his own dragon brothers, he was forced into exile in a fey realm where he lost the only thing he ever really loved. Now he has a chance to regain what's been lost-- to have the one thing he covets most. But only if he gives up his brothers and forsakes the oaths he holds most dear. Yet what terrifies him most isn't the cost his happiness might incur, it's the fact that there is just enough human in his dragon's heart that he might actually be willing to pay it and betray everything and everyone- to see the entire world burn in Dragonmark, the next blockbuster Dark-Hunter novel by #1 New York Times bestselling author Sherrilyn Kenyon.
The waking fire
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the really big adventure
Mangkon phon fai mai rian nangsu = A dragon who does not like to learn
George and the dragon
A storm of swords. Part 2 : Blood and gold
Terra Amata has exploded into so many little floating islands and Herbert has become a very dark and very powerful lord, far from his goofy, shoot-from-the-belt self we all know. In both stories in this volume, the key is to find the map to the new world and great forces are in the way. Whether it's the Dark Lord or even a very uncompromising and very determined Marvin the Red, the new map must be found! / Libris.
Sir Dancealot
Throughout the vast lands controlled by the Ironship Syndicate, nothing is more prized than the blood of drakes. Harvested from the veins of captive or hunted Reds, Green, Blues and Blacks, it can be distilled into elixirs that give fearsome powers to the rare men and women who have the ability harness them - known as the blood-blessed. But not many know the truth: that the lines of drakes are weakening. If they fail, war with the neighboring Corvantine Empire will follow swiftly. The Syndicate's last hope resides in whispers of the existence of another breed of drake, far more powerful than the rest, and the few who have been chosen by fate to seek it. Claydon Torcreek is a petty thief and an unregistered blood-blessed, who finds himself pressed into service by the protectorate and sent to wild, uncharted territories in search of a creature he believes is little more than legend. Lizanne Lethridge is a formidable spy and assassin, facing gravest danger on an espionage mission deep into the heart of enemy territory. And Corrick Hilemore is the second lieutenant of an ironship, whose pursuit of ruthless brigands leads him to a far greater threat at the edge of the world. As lives and empires clash and intertwine, as the unknown and the known collide, all three must fight to turn the tide of a coming war, or drown in its wake.
Farmer Giles of Ham : ..the rise and wonderful adventures of Farmer Giles, Lord of Tame, Count of Worminghall and King of the Little Kingdom
The book of the dragon
Tragedy has struck His Majesty's Aerial Corps, as an epidemic of unknown origin and no known cure is decimating the dragons' ranks. Only Temeraire and a pack of newly recruited dragons remain uninfected and must stand as the only means of airborne defense against France's ever bolder sorties. As Bonaparte's dragons harrow Britain's ships, Temeraire and his captain, Will Laurence, take wing to Africa in search of a cure for the deadly contagion
The misenchanted sword
How to date a dragon
Cast in ruin
Dragons : a natural history
King Jack and the dragon
Black powder war
Clank! : a deck-building adventure
Dark Lycan : a Carpathian novel
The Wearle
Vanish : a firelight novel
Dragons of the highlord skies
The dragon book
Sir Charlie Stinky Socks and the really dreadful spell
Sylvia and bird
Dragonheart
A game of thrones
Kvothe takes his first steps on the path of the hero as he attempts to uncover the truth about the mysterious Amyr, the Chandrian, and the death of his parents. Along the way, Kvothe is put on trial by the legendary Adem mercenaries, forced to reclaim the honor of the Edema Ruh, and travels into the Fae realm where he meets Felurian, the faerie woman no man can resist.
Victory of eagles : a novel of Temeraire
Sir Lance-a-little and the terribly ugly troll
A gift of dragons
Once Tashi met a dragon
The dragon diary
The eye of Zoltar
Tome of calling
Captain Will Laurence and his noble dragon Temeraire battle against Bonaparte's invading forces.  When China discovers that their rare gift, meant for Napoleon, is now in the hands of the British forces, they demand the return of the dragon
Flight of the last dragon
Cast in secret
When Claudette sets out to slay the dragon that ate her father's legs and his legendary sword, she will need more help than ever from her friend Marie and her brother Gaston / Library of Congress.
Blood of tyrants
Throne of jade
The rain dragon rescue
Inheritance, or The vault of souls
Uprooted
The dragon's eye
Cast in chaos
A knight of the seven kingdoms
Where the mountain meets the moon
Dragonology : the complete book of dragons
World of WarCraft : Death Knight
Cast in courtlight
The dragon and the nibblesome knight
Agnieszka loves her valley home, her quiet village, the forests and the bright shining river. But the corrupted Wood stands on the border, full of malevolent power, and its shadow lies over her life. Her people rely on the cold, driven wizard known only as the Dragon to keep its powers at bay. But he demands a terrible price for his help: one young woman handed over to serve him for ten years, a fate almost as terrible as falling to the Wood. The next choosing is fast approaching, and Agnieszka is afraid. She knows--everyone knows--that the Dragon will take Kasia: beautiful, graceful, brave Kasia, all the things Agnieszka isn't, and her dearest friend in the world. And there is no way to save her. But Agnieszka fears the wrong things. For when the Dragon comes, it is not Kasia he will choose-
Puff the magic dragon
Firestorm
How to train your dragon. The serpent's heir
From a master of contemporary fantasy comes the first novel of a landmark series unlike any you've ever read before. With A Game of Thrones, George R. R. Martin has launched a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.
Dungeon monstres. Vol. 5, My son the killer
A feast of dragons
Doughnuts for dragons
Good night, little dragons
The egg
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 5, My son the killer
The dragon who couldn't do dragony things
The brilliant surprise
The golden cage
The world of ice & fire : the untold history of Westeros and the Game of Thrones
Stories of dragons
Muddle Earth
The liveship traders trilogy : [3-book bundle]
Prophecy : child of earth
The Kingfisher treasury of dragon stories
Discount Armageddon : an InCryptid novel
Great dragon bake off
A dance with dragons
Ashley the dragon fairy
Top top secret
Twinkle tames a dragon
Edge of destiny
Blood of dragons
A family of dragons gathers on the occasion of the death of their father, the elder Bon Agornin. As is custom, they must eat the body. But even as Bon's last remains are polished off, his sons and daughters must all jostle for a position in the new hierarchy. While the youngest son seeks greedy remuneration through the courts of law, the eldest son - a dragon of the cloth - agonises over his father's deathbed confession. While one daughter is caught between loyalty to her family by blood and her family by marriage, another daughter follows her heart - only to discover the great cost of true love...Here is a Victorian story of political intrigue, family ties and political intrigue, set in a world of dragons - a world, quite literally, red in tooth and claw. Full of fiery wit, this is a novel unlike any other.
Flora the Fairy's magic spells
With a single spell
Ghosts of Ascalon
Dragons of summer flame
Johnny Boo meets Dragon Puncher!
The secret rescuers : the storm dragon
Cast in shadow
THE RENEGADES OF PERN
Flight from death
Burgle your way to adventure in Clank!, the new deck-building board game. Sneak into an angry dragon's mountain lair to steal precious artifacts. Delve deeper to find more valuable loot. Acquire cards for your deck and watch your thievish abilities grow.  Be quick and be quiet. One false-step and -- CLANK! Each careless sound draws the attention of the dragon, and each artifact stolen increases its rage. You can only enjoy your plunder if you make it out of the depths alive!
Dragons : an anthology of verse and prose
Flight from mayhem
How to draw your dragon
Cast in fury
The Dragons of Wayward Crescent
The wooden dragon
The rose cord
The great zoo of China
The baby dragon-tamer
The MasterHarper of Pern
Stoneheart
How to train your dragon 2: Wii U.
Sir Lance-a-little and the very Wicked Witch
Cast in silence
Tilly and the dragon
No ordinary family
The Adamantine Palace
Dungeon. Monstres. Vol 2, The dark lord
His Majesty's dragon
The ice dragon
The name of the wind
A march of kings
The kiss that missed
An anthology of dragons : an illustrated collection of verse and prose
Empire of ivory
Ship of magic
Sir Lance-a-Little and the Three Angry Bears
A quest of heroes
Dragonflight
Ace Dragon Ltd
The dragons of Outland
Fool's fate
Firelight
The dragon chronicles : the lost journals of the great wizard, Septimus Agorius
The annotated chronicles
Cast in sorrow
The last of the dragons
Princess Mirror-Belle and the dragon pox
Silvertongue
Statistical methods for studying mythology : : three peer reviewed papers and a short history of the dragon motif / Julien d'Huy
Sir Lance-a-little and the most annoying fairy
Tooth and claw
There's a dragon in my dinner!
The wise man's fear
How to train your dragon : [by Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III]
The Dragon festival
Rhapsody : child of blood
The labyrinth of dreaming books : a novel from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner
Son of a witch : a novel
Space knights and ice dragons
City of dragons
League of dragons
The incomplete book of dragons : (a guide to dragon species)
The obsidian throne
Mighty Troll and Wonder Dragon
Expecting to inherit her family's Liveship, Althea Vestrit now must defend this animate, intelligent treasure from both her scheming brother-in-law, who plans to use it as a slave ship, and a nation of ruthless pirates, led by Captain Kennit.
Light my fire
