http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18213 accommodation service
accommodation service
Suites are not sold as frequently as desired. Therefore promotion of these higher-priced rooms may have a significant influence on the revenue if the frequency for suites sold could be increased. It is to be kept in mind that the value for what is bought is to be perceived equal or greater with the rate for the purchase to be made. In order to achieve the goal of higher revenue from sold suites, appropriate tools regarding the sales process are in demand.     This project-based thesis is designed for Radisson Blu Hotels' individual room reservations department in Ässäkeskus, Helsinki. All seven of the chain's hotels in Finland are sold at the same sales service. Therefore as vast amount of information as possible is required to be possessed by the sales representatives in order to successfully perform their work; primarily handling inbound calls. At the moment, suites are experienced challenging to be sold due to the current level of information. Hence, a more descriptive and detailed suite manual was needed.    This thesis starts with a discussion of a profound sales process conducted on the phone due to the nature of work that is done at Radisson Blu sales service. The process is discussed from the greeting stage until the end of the interaction process. Particularly investigation of customer needs as well as the product presentation stage are crucial as determining the most suitable room category to fill the needs and desires of the customer. Moreover, identification of factors influencing the individual work performance is covered due to the importance of personal selling skills. Furthermore, to illustrate the subjects being discussed, examples are given.    After the theory part, the steps concerning the compilation of the new suite manual are discussed in detail. In order to have a manual targeted for the users of it, a thorough and versatile process was necessary for a satisfying result to be achieved. Therefore the old manual was assessed and the results utilised in the new version. Moreover, the involvement of the Radisson Blu sales representatives, hotel personnel as well as personal visits at hotels were essential throughout the planning and execution of the project. Assistance provided by the staff in hotels was important due to their expertise regarding the suites of their own prop-erty.    A sales tool for the sales representatives striving for more frequently sold suites was designed. As a result, the challenge to sell a suite was alleviated due to increased product knowledge. The new suite manual was welcomed with pleasure to support the selling of suites in Radisson Blu Hotels in Finland.
The heart of hospitality : great hotel and restaurant leaders share their secrets
The lodging and food service industry
Tourism and hospitality marketing : a global perspective
How to found a hostel in Fuengirola, Spain
Perceptions of service quality in Hellsten Hotel Apartments
Commercial recreation & tourism : an introduction to business oriented recreation
Hospitality and restaurant management : competency guide
Accommodation statistics
SOFTWARE IN TOURISM INDUSTRY : A Study On Emerging New Niches Of Software In Hotel Industry
"Author explores the hospitality industry to learn how managers create successful customer experiences by exceeding the expectations of current generations. Includes anecdotes from interviews with owners, general managers, and chefs of leading lodging and food service organizations"--
The objective of this thesis was to examine the thoughts and prejudices CouchSurfing evoke in people who had not previously heard of CouchSurfing. Additionally, the views expressed by people who had previously heard about the phenomenon were also studied. The aim was also to determine how these prejudices affected the behaviour of people. The purpose was to understand different aspects and give a more comprehensive picture of CouchSurfing through this thesis. The theoretical framework of the thesis was mainly based on the official CouchSurfing web pages but also various other Internet pages, as well as articles and literature on the topic. The study was conducted by means of a questionnaire sent by e-mail, i.e. distributed to people via Facebook, students of HAAGA-HELIA University of Applied Sciences and CouchSurfing members. The research methodology employed was quantitative. The questionnaire results were collected during the period of 28.10-12.11.2011. Altogether there were 407 answers; 52 from the people who heard about CouchSurfing for the first time and 355 from individuals who were aware of it or already members. The results indicated that the prejudices some people had beforehand changed even considerably however, of course there were also people who maintained their opinion. Mainly the biggest doubt concerned safety issues and trusting people. However, once people got to know the social network better they realized that there are several safety measures taken. Naturally, using common sense was also required. Various people were not aware of CouchSurfing beforehand, but the questionnaire seemed to evoke the curiosity and interest of some participants. In conclusion, the research questions set in the beginning were answered. There most likely will be more interest towards the project in the future. The most useful approach could be sharing personal experiences with people who showed interest towards CouchSurfing. By combining the information from the web site with shared experiences the knowledge would become more comprehensive.
Eco-resorts : planning and design for the tropics
Tourism management : managing for change
Information and communication technologies in tourism 2014 : proceedings of the International Conference in Dublin, Ireland, January 21-24, 2014
Researching and writing dissertations in hospitality and tourism
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel; with companion CD-ROM
Tourism in peripheral areas : case studies
Selling tourism services at a distance : an analysis of the EU consumer acquis
Progress in tourism, recreation and hospitality management. Vol. 2
Monastic hospitality : the Benedictines in England, c. 1070-c. 1250
Purchasing : selection and procurement for the hospitality industry
Service quality at Welcome Apartments
The hotel and restaurant business
The international hospitality business
Demand fluctuation in off season : case study of Summit Hotel, Lalitpur, Nepal
The New Zealand tourism industry
Establishing business in Canada - with emphasis on finding opportunities through franchising in hospitality trade
Cornell hospitality quarterly
American lodging excellence : the key to best practices in the U.S. lodging industry
Cornell hotel and restaurant administration quarterly
Occupations in the hotel tourist sector within the European community : a comparative analysis
So many hotels, so little time
Hospitality & tourism human relations management in Africa
Introduction to hospitality
Introduction to the hospitality industry
Resort Development and Management
Panorama on tourism : with CD-ROM
Hospitality operations : a systems approach
How to keep a successful relationship with customers via e-mail in the hospitality industry
Please your guests : a business guide for small hotels, B&Bs, guesthouses & farmhouses
Managing the lodging operation
Entrepreneurship in hospitality and tourism : a global perspective
Hotel housekeeping : operations and management
The ecolodge sourcebook : for planners & developers
Cases in Hospitality Strategy and Policy
A clear understanding of the issues surrounding climate change, global warming, air and water pollution, ozone depletion, deforestation, the loss of biodiversity and global poverty is essential for every manager in the hospitality industry. Present and future hospitality executives need to know how sustainable management systems can be integrated into their businesses while maintaining and hopefully improving the bottom line. "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" explores innovative ways to tackle the ever increasing costs of energy and water as well as the moral, ethical, social and political arguments for taking action. This book uses case studies throughout to explore the following key issues: How can hospitality properties and equipment be designed to use less resources? What are the benefits of using more sustainable food and beverage sources? How can environmental impacts be reduced and profitability increased? How can properties integrate sustainability management systems and stay one step ahead of the competition? How can the reputation of a hospitality operation be improved to attract investment by incorporating responsible marketing and corporate social responsibility policies? "Sustainability in the Hospitality Industry" contains stimulating new ideas, solutions, and strategies essential to every student and professional in the hospitality industry. Philip Sloan is from the department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Willy Legrand is from the Department of Hospitality Management, International University of Applied Sciences Bad Honnef, Bonn, Germany. Joseph S. Chen is from the department of Recreation, Park and Tourism Studies, Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. It includes: revealing and refreshing ideas for the neglected area of sustainability in hospitality management; presents viable strategies for saving energy and promoting a positive image for hotel managers, restaurant managers and other hospitality providers; demonstrates principles with case studies from industry and chain hotels; and, stimulates new solutions and strategies to tackle the problem of increasing energy costs and to help alleviate pressure from environmental groups.
Tourism
Travel agency practice
Developing a European Youth Hostel Concept  : Case: May Hostel, Ho Chi Minh City
Americans on the road : from autocamp to motel, 1910-1945
The Saue manor-house : finding new programs
Environmental sustainability in North European hotel business
The management of hotel operations
Introduction to the Hospitality Industry
How to open a financially successful bed & breakfast or small hotel
Small change, big difference : quality development project at Camping Svanen
Principles of management for the hospitality industry
Guest service in the hospitality industry
Hospitality marketing management
CouchSurfers' motivations to host travelers in Spain
Heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels, hustles, and so-called hospitality
World of resorts : from development to management
Small firms in tourism : international perspectives
Stats to go : a guide to statistics for hospitality, leisure and tourism
Introducing hospitality
Commercial homes in tourism : an international perspective
Exploring the hospitality industry
Tourism : The Business of hospitality and travel
Successful pubs and inns
Buildings for hospitality : principles of care and design for accomodation managers
Environmental auction pack for hotels : practical steps to benefit your business and the environment
Revenue management for the hospitality industry
Foundations of lodging management
Prospects for tourism in South America
Tourism : the business of travel
This thesis is a quantitative research project commissioned by Hellsten Hotel Apartments. The aim of the thesis is to study guest perceptions of Hellsten Hotel Apartments approached through service quality. Furthermore, the management view of guest expectations is included to form a holistic picture of how service quality can be managed.     The framework of the study consists of an extensive literature review exploring models of service quality and the influencing factors of guest expectations and perceptions present in the formation of perceived service quality. Moreover, the GAP-model is used as a theoretical framework to approach the research problem, and methods and issues of measuring service quality in relation to the chosen model are discussed.    The research is conducted through a survey based on the SERVQUAL instrument, measuring customer expectations and experience and comparing them to obtain a view of satisfaction with the quality.     The survey was webbased and distributed to hotel guests, and 172 answers were obtained for analysis. In addition, a modified version of the questionnaire measuring manager perceptions of guest expectations was responded to by a total of five managers.    The key findings of the study were that guest expectations are met on most aspects of the service and that managers were well informed about guest expectations. Although overall satisfaction can be assumed, the results indicate that attention should be paid to service specifications and performance in attributes related to cleanliness and staff assurance.
Market research for opening a low-cost acconnodation in Levi
Environmentally friendly hotel and restaurant business
Introduction to Hospitality Management
The travel industry
Accounting in the hotel and catering industry. Vol. 1
Responsible hospitality : theory and practice
Global cases on hospitality industry
CouchSurfing : a choice for travellers
Accommodation management : a systems approach
International tourism : a global perspective
Tourism management : an introduction
Sustainability in the hospitality industry : principles of sustainable operations
Perspectives of Expanding Business into Russia
Improved suite manual for the use of sales representatives : case study: Radisson Blu Hotels & Resorts, Finland
Challenges affecting the tourism industry in Pakistan : case study: Faisalabad Serena Hotel
Tourism : principles, practices, philosophies
Routledge handbook of tourism research
Hotel success handbook : practical sales and marketing actions, ideas and tips to get results for your small hotel, B&B, or guest accommodation
Chocolates on the pillow aren't enough : reinventing the customer experience
Cases in hospitality marketing and management
Accounting essentials for hospitality managers
BTEC First Hospitality
The economic ascent of the hotel business
Hotel front office management
CouchSurfing - a choice for travellers
Tourism. 2, student's book
Strategic concepts for assessing the potential of hospitality-related higher education in Uganda
Panorama on tourism
Horwath book of tourism
Introduction to hospitality management
Dimensions of the hospitality industry
