http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18228 fairy-tale novels
fairy-tale novels
Winnie-the-Pooh
Scarlet Benoit and Wolf, a street fighter who may have information about her missing grandmother, join forces with Cinder as they try to stay one step ahead of the vicious Lunar Queen Levana in this story inspired by Little Red Riding Hood.
The BFG
Ronia, the Robber's Daughter
Beauty : a retelling of the story of Beauty & the beast
Kind Beauty grows to love the Beast at whose castle she is compelled to stay and through her love releases him from the spell which had turned him from a handsome prince into an ugly beast.
The Moomins and the great flood
MOOMINPAPPA AT SEA
The last battle
Charlie and the chocolate factory
Tales from the perilous realm
Mary Poppins
The world's best Karlson
Princess of the Midnight Ball
Finn family Moomintroll
As plague ravages the overcrowded Earth, observed by a ruthless lunar people, Cinder, a gifted mechanic and cyborg, becomes involved with handsome Prince Kai and must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect the world in this futuristic take on the Cinderella story.
Karlson Flies Again
Jonathan Swift's Gulliver
The magician's nephew
Mio's Kingdom
The borrowers afield
The Little Prince
J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan and Wendy
The best of Pippi Longstocking
The big bike race
Prince Caspian
The water-babies / A fairy tale for a land-baby
The lion, the witch and the wardrobe
"Life for Jack is great -- he's got a magical talking hen called Betsy, he lives in a town where stories literally grow on trees, and all his best friends live there with him. That is, until new kid in town, Anansi, arrives... When Jack sees Anansi having a secret meeting with a troll -- everything changes. Trolls mean trouble and Jack will stop at nothing to prove Tale Town is in danger. Even if that means using stolen magic!"--Publisher description.
The firework-maker's daughter
Enchanted
The rose and the dagger
Princess academy
The Giraffe and the Pelly and Me
Princess of Glass
The spell thief
"Queen Levana is a ruler who uses her "glamour" to gain power. But long before she crossed paths with Cinder, Scarlet, and Cress, Levana lived a very different story - a story that has never been told . . . until now"
Fantastic Mr Fox
Bill Nighy reads The wonderful Wizard of Oz
The great troll rescue
Always Neverland
Charlotte's Web
Watership down
The islands of Chaldea
The Borrowers
Towering
Between the lines
The birth of Father Christmas
Life after theft
The voyage of the Dawn Treader
Watership Down
Flora & Ulysses : the illuminated adventures
The forbidden library
The Scarecrow and his servant
Moominpappa at sea
Shadows on the moon
Nutcracker
The silver chair
Tales from Moominvalley
The exploits of Moominpappa : described by himself
Alice's adventures in Wonderland & Through the looking-glass and what Alice found there
The wonderful wizard of Oz
The wind in the willows
The little prince
Alice's adventures in Wonderland
The moomins and the great flood
The wrath and the dawn
Paddington's adventures
Moominvalley in November
Princess of the Silver Woods
The princess and Curdie
Signed Tove
The Emerald City of Oz
