http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1826 sexuality
sexuality
Don't say any more, darling
All the single ladies : unmarried women and the rise of an independent nation
"Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world. From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives--affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
The ethical slut : a practical guide to polyamory, open relationships & other adventures
The Tantric body : the secret tradition of Hindu religion
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Vigorrobic : the training plan to boost your sex life
Sexuality and spirituality
Master of the game
The cider house rules
Wide open : my adventures in polyamory, open marriage, and loving on my own terms
Grey : fifty shades of Grey as told by Christian
Girls on fire
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Sexual and gender minorities at work
The summer isles
Explores the changes in the way teenage girls are growing up in America, discussing the new norms, from extreme behaviors to lack of basic communication skills
Our own private universe
This book is gay
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Between marriage and the market : intimate politics and survival in Cairo
Risk and rationality : effects of contextual risk and cognitive dissonance on (sexual) incentives
The rules of love : the 64 arts of the kama sutra
Halfway home : a novel
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
The history of sexuality. Vol. 2, The use of pleasure
TROPIC OF CAPRICORN
Portugal has some geographical similarities with Finland: both are small and rather peripherical countries. However, the infection with the Human Immunodefi ciency Virus (HIV) has different patterns in Portugal from those in Finland. At the beginning of the 21st century, Portugal is in the fi rst place of the infection with the HIV, with an incidence rate of 105.8 cases per one million inhabitants. The main objective of this paper is to present and explain the geographical diffusion of HIV in Portugal at sub-region level with altogether 28 geographical areas. We were able to identify some geographic hot spot areas with SMR signifi cantly higher than 100. Some areas with AIDS mortality rates signifi cantly above the national standardized rates were identifi ed in the metropolitan area of Lisbon. It was found that the urban/rural dichotomy is the most important factor, explaining 47% and 32% of the variance for male and female AIDS mortality, respectively. This factor identifi es a clear opposition between the variables, with a geographical signifi cance.
The new rules of attraction : how to get him, keep him, & make him beg for more
The awakening
"We only want tits and timestamps" : framing gender and sexuality on a popular American image board
Power surge : sex, violence and pornography
Touch : the science of hand, heart, and mind
The fever
The aviary
New sexual agendas
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Love Hina. Volume 12 / [translation: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
How to learn to enjoy sexuality : the resources of human sexuality
Perspectives on pornography : sexuality in film and literature
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
Revisits and updates the centrality of the social construction of sexuality, especially in the age of Viagra, FSD (female sexual dysfunction) and the media saturation of sex. Leonore Tiefer is one of the foremost sexologists working in the United States today; she is a well-known and respected scholar who writes engagingly and humorously about a wide array of topics in sexuality to appeal to both students and general readers. Revised and updated with new pieces on the medicalization of sex, FSD (female sexual dysfunction) and the politics of sex, as well as classic pieces found in the original edition, such as "Am I Normal?: The Question of Sex."
Jason : an Anita Blake, vampire hunter novel
When someone you love is kinky
Prince of tricks
King of thieves
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
In 1959 Virginia, Sarah, a black student who is one of the first to attend a newly integrated school, forces Linda, a white integration opponent's daughter, to confront harsh truths when they work together on a school project.
Finding love online : a study on British young adults' self-presentation and mate-preferences in online dating
Love your lady landscape : trust your gut, care for 'down there' and reclaim your fierce and feminine SHE power
Love Your Lady Landscape is a healing journey through the terrain of what it is to be a woman. When a woman isn't in alignment with her feminine essence, she may experience exhaustion and overwhelm, lack sexual desire or passion for life, and generally feel “out of sync”.
Come as you are : the surprising new science that will transform your sex life
Women after all : sex, evolution, and the end of male supremacy
The lust to kill : a feminist investigation of sexual murder
The Yorkshire Ripper, the Boston Strangler, "Beasts", "Monsters" and "Fiends"...these are popular labels for men who commit a particular kind of violence and murder the objects of their sexual desire. This is a systematic, critical analysis of sexual murder and its relation to the question of gender. The authors examine a wide range of literature which deals with sexual murder - from criminology and the sociology of deviance to popular journalism and lurid paperbacks. They argue that these accounts fail to address the question of gender: the absence of women in the ranks of sex-killers is both taken for granted and obscured. They argue that this ignorance of gender cannot be dismissed as a trivial oversight. An account of sexual murder which does not address gender is not merely incomplete but systematically misleading. This book attempts to transform the popular fascination with sexual murder into a powerful analysis of how the construction of sexuality in the West has eroticized violence, power and death. It is intended for university students in criminology, sociology, women's studies and cultural studies, as well as a general readership interested in feminism and sexual violence.
Piece of flesh
Intimate behaviour
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 4. Sexual selection in man, touch, smell, hearing, vision
Childhood phases of maturity : sexual developmental psychology
Mediated sex : pornography and postmodern culture
God and the gay Christian : the biblical case in support of same-sex relationships
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
This report demonstrates the relationship between sexual health, human rights and the law. Drawing from a review of public health evidence and extensive research into human rights law at international, regional and national levels, the report shows how states in different parts of the world can and do support sexual health through legal and other mechanisms that are consistent with human rights standards and their own human rights obligations.
Transforming bodies, wandering desires : intra-actions of gender and sexuality in non-heterosexual transgender embodiment
Love themes in the lyrics of Freddie Mercury
Human sexuality : the basics
Sex & death : stories
In this anthology Stanton (The Aristocrat as Art) has gathered essays from several of today's most innovative historians and critics, and the result is an often enjoyable, sometimes overly academic reading of the place of sexuality in contemporary culture. All of the essays in some way engage French critic Michel Foucault's History of Sexuality. Catherine MacKinnon presents perhaps the most delightful contribution as she irreverently discusses the current state of debates over sexual and power politics. Abdul JanMohamed and Mae Henderson offer intriguing readings of the relationship between race and sexuality. Patricia Yaeger's essay examines how we talk about--or fail to talk about--giving birth. The illustrations that accompany several of the essays provide rich grounds for discussion of images of sexality in American culture. The book concludes with a hard-hitting section on the various meanings of AIDS and its impact on discussions of sexuality. Though not easily accessible, this provocative volume should find an audience among serious readers. Stanton's complicated introduction is overlong, and more of the best material could have come early in the volume.
Presents the degeneration which results from a middle-aged professor's desperate obsession with a precocious, callous teenager whose mother he marries just to be near the young girl.
Journey into sexuality : an exploratory voyage
Sexuality in the Land of Oz : searching for safer sex at the movies
The perfumed garden
Whatever happened to sex in Scandinavia?
Fear of flying
Post office : a novel
Gossiping about sexuality : a critical discourse analysis of a gossip blog
Telepresence and sexuality : a review and a call to scholars
Love that bunch
The limit
Hardpressed
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
Zen sex : the way of making love
A descriptive dictionary and atlas of sexology
Hardcore from the heart : the pleasures, profits and politics of sex in performance
Kinsey's myth of female sexuality : the medical facts
This is the funny, sexy, and provocative memoir of one woman's journey to find sexual fulfillment and create a new family model that includes herself, her lover, her husband and his lover, and their kids. In a world where women often feel pressured to be everything to everyone, Gracie X courageously strives to have it all. From dabbling in polyamory to adopting an open marriage, X eventually discovers how to have the family she wants, the love she needs, and the sexual freedom she has been craving. At once revealing, poignant, and controversial, Gracie shines light on life outside the traditional marriage box one woman blended love, sex and marriage in unconventional ways and found the fulfillment she was looking for.
Bonk : the curious coupling of sex and science
The Hite report : a nationwide study of female sexuality
The views of registered nursing students from different cultures on attitude and knowledge regarding elderly sexuality
Human sexuality in medical social work
Human sexuality
American girls : social media and the secret lives of teenagers
Studies in human sexuality : a selected guide
Art - a sex book
Sex and violence : the meanings and gendering of sex acts in the treatment groups for intimately violent heterosexual men
Love between equals : a philosophical study of love and sexual relationships
The erotic sentiment : in the paintings of India and Nepal
Queer glances on gender, sexuality and the body : presentation of my doctoral thesis
Sex crimes in Islam : heterosexual and homosexual trasgressions in Sunnī Islam in the formative and medieval periods of Islamic law
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
"The New York Times bestselling author examines how our sense of touch and emotion are interconnected   Johns Hopkins neuroscientist and bestselling author of The Compass of Pleasure, David J. Linden presents an engaging and fascinating examination of how the interface between our sense of touch and our emotional responses affects our social interactions as well as our general health and development. Accessible in its wit and clarity, Touch explores scientific advances in the understanding of touch that help explain our sense of self and our experience of the world.  From skin to nerves to brain, the organization of the body's touch circuits powerfully influences our lives-affecting everything from consumer choice to sexual intercourse, tool use to the origins of language, chronic pain to healing. Interpersonal touch is crucial to social bonding and individual development. Linden lucidly explains how sensory and emotional context work together to distinguish between perceptions of what feels good and what feels bad. Linking biology and behavioral science, Linden offers an entertaining and enlightening answer to how we feel in every sense of the word"--
Love Hina. Volume 13 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Love Hina. Volume 10 / [translator: Nan Rymer] ; [English adaptation: Adam Arnold]
Simon vs. the homo sapiens agenda
Mating in captivity : reconciling the erotic and the domestic
Sexuality after spinal cord injury : answers to your questions
Speaking of sex : the limits of language
Love & sex : ten stories of truth
Not all analysts would have agreed with Freud about that; Bieber, for example, wrote that he did not "diagnose patients as homosexual unless they have engaged in overt homosexual behavior". Yet while the approach of analysts such as Bieber is different from Freud's, it is also fundamentally different from Bell et al's. The upshot of this is that Bell et al's results cannot be used to test psychoanalytic theories about "heterosexuality" and "homosexuality": quite simply, psychoanalysts are not talking about the same things when they use those terms. Bell et al seem totally unaware of this problem. While it is quite possible that even if Bell et al had used different criteria for classifying people as heterosexual or homosexual, their study might have produced results that would have looked essentially the same, that cannot be guaranteed, so in a purely technical sense the results they produced are worthless for testing Freudian ideas. It might be argued that one could use Bell et al's original data about their respondents' sexual feelings to test Freud's theories about the development of sexual orientation. Yet that approach would involve another problem: Freud did not use the Kinsey scale or anything equivalent to it, so it is far from clear what relevance, if any, data based on Kinsey scale ratings would have to Freud's theories. They would have, at best, a certain limited and indirect relevance to testing Freud's ideas, and at worst no relevance whatever. In the end, it may make little difference; if researchers who claim to be testing Freudian ideas employ ways of measuring sexual feelings and behavior that Freudians would not accept as valid, there is no way their conclusions can be seen as definitive.
Human Sexuality: The Basics presents the core information underlying the vast subject of human sexuality in a concise, no-frills manner that is easy for students to read and comprehend. Not only is this text half the cost and size of other human sexuality texts on the market, it is unique in that it has a chapter on the genetics and inheritance of sexual anatomy, sexual development, and sexual abnormalities. Emphasis on the biological basis of sexuality provides students with a structure to understand the important aspects of sexuality presented in other chapters. This approach also provides the basis for encouraging tolerance, acceptance, and understanding of different sexual preferences and behaviors. Critical thinking questions at the end of each chapter along with learning objectives, summaries, and definitions of terms, facilitate learning by students. The goal of this text is to provide students with the knowledge, skills, and confidence to enable them to understand and to express their sexuality in healthy and enjoyable ways at all stages of life. Instructor Resources: PowerPoint Presentations, TestBank, Instructor's Manual Student Resources: Companion Website - Flashcards, Crossword Puzzles, Interactive Glossary, Practice Quizzes, and Web Links
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Tantra : how our relationships can become a path for spiritual growth
Gendered and sexualised violence in educational environments
Changes of women and Canadian society in the mid 20th century in Margaret Laurence's "A jest of God"
The naked ape : a zoologist's study of the human animal
New Sexual Agendas tackles the urgent practical and theoretical challenges in the area of gender and sexuality. Leading theorists, activists and clinicians, including Bob Connell, Adam Sinfield, Leonore Tiefer and Jeffrey Weeks, encourage a creative exchange of knowledge across different research and applied perspectives. This volume highlights the intensity of the feelings generated by the changes occurring in sexual and gender relations, while signalling the possibilities for new strategies encompassing diversity and choice. As conservatives call for a 'return to basics' and their opponents promote policies for increasing the confidence of all people to pursue the differing comforts and pleasures of the body, free from intimidation and threat, we can learn more about how sex functions in our culture from this volume.
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
Lost girls. Book 3 : The great and terrible
The art of seduction
The hippopotamus
Fifteen-year-old Aki Simon has a theory. And it's mostly about sex.  No, it isn't that kind of theory. Aki already knows she's bisexual—even if, until now, it's mostly been in the hypothetical sense. Aki has dated only guys so far, and her best friend, Lori, is the only person who knows she likes girls, too.  Actually, Aki's theory is that she's got only one shot at living an interesting life—and that means she's got to stop sitting around and thinking so much. It's time for her to actually do something. Or at least try.  So when Aki and Lori set off on a church youth-group trip to a small Mexican town for the summer and Aki meets Christa—slightly older, far more experienced—it seems her theory is prime for the testing.  But it's not going to be easy. For one thing, how exactly do two girls have sex, anyway? And more important, how can you tell if you're in love? It's going to be a summer of testing theories—and the result may just be love.
Sex-life : a critical commentary on the history of sexuality
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
Relationships and sacred rituals : heterosexuality as a product of commercials
Undressing the Maid : gender, sexuality and the body in the construction of the Finnish nation
Discourses of sexuality : from Aristotle to AIDS
Abnormal : lectures at the Collège de France 1974-1975
Sexuality
Sexuality and disability : a guide for everyday practice
Studies in the psychology of sex. [Vol. 5], Erotic symbolism ; The mechanism of detumescence ; The psychic state in pregnancy
An introductory guide to the sacred sexuality practices of modern schools of Tantra, and how you can use them to find meaning and healing in physical relationships.
Sexuality in the confessional : a sacrament profaned
Seduction
Sex in history
Art and society four : sex
Human sexuality : a comparative and developmental perspective
Feminine sensuality
Towards an HIV and AIDS competent church : an ecumenical handbook for defining HIV and AIDS competency
Sexual Health Education for Eight Graders
The facts of life : the creation of sexual knowledge in Britain, 1650-1950
Mediated sex is about the proliferation of sexual discourse in all its variants, from pornography as narrowly defined to the "s/m chic" of advertising and the art of Jeff Koons and Madonna. It examines the place of these representations in late-20th century, post-HIV and AIDS culture, and in the context of the history of sexual representation from Greek antiquity onward. With extensive reference to examples drawn from the US and the UK, Mediated Sex attempts to make sense of and assess the many contradictory and conflicting claims made about the impact of sexual representation on individuals and societies.
Sexual development in patients treated for cryptorchidism
Tropic of Capricorn
Sexual cultures : communities, values and intimacy
Sex is not a natural act and other essays
Sexual health, human rights and the law
Vagina : a new biography
Quiet days in Clichy
The sexual life of children
Sexual underworlds of the Enlightenment
Effects of Culture on Sexual Health Education in Developing Countries : Empowering Adolescents in Nepal
Trans voices : becoming who you are
Making sense of sex : how genes and gender influence our relationships
Shadow and light. Volume one
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 3, Analysis of the Sexual Impulse, Love and Pain, the Sexual Impulse in Women
Sex and spirit : [ecstasy and transcendence, ritual and taboo, the undivided self]
The chameleon body
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
Biological substrates of human sexuality
House of holes
Women
Art and sex
Lies we tell ourselves
Riddles of Finnish gender history
Genetics of condition and sexual selection
Two boys kissing
Religion and sexuality
The poetics of waste : queer excess in Stein, Ashbery, Schuyler, and Goldsmith
One with you
Sabbath's theater
Intercourse : the twentienth anniversary edition
Asking for it
Moninaisuus Mielessä! A Guide about Meeting Diversity of Sexual Orientation and Gender in the Field of Social Work : Report of Making a Product
"Andrea Dworkin, once called 'Feminism's Malcolm X,' has been worshipped, reviled, criticized, and analyzed-but never ignored. The power of her writing, the passion of her ideals, and the ferocity of her intellect have spurred the arguments and activism of two generations of feminists. Now the book that she's best known for--in which she provoked the argument that ultimately split apart the feminist movement--is being reissued for the young women and men of the twenty-first century. Intercourse enraged as many readers as it inspired when it was first published in 1987. In it, Dworkin argues that in a male supremacist society, sex between men and women constitutes a central part of women's subordination to men.
Art in nature
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
The girls : a novel
"To not die alone" : kinship, love and life cycle in contemporary Havana, Cuba
Hot little hands
Rothblatt makes a case for the adoption of a new sexual model that accommodates every shade of gender identity. She reveals that traditional male and female roles are dictated neither by genetics, genitals, nor reproductive biology, but rather by social attitudes that originated in early patriarchal cultures and that have been institutionalized in modern law, and she calls a new acceptance of human sexuality in all its prismatic variety.
The history of sexuality. Vol. 1, An introduction
The man-woman relation in Christian thought
In your face : 9 sexual studies
Sexual preference : its development in men and women
Ethical issues in sexuality and reproduction
Pornography : Marxism, feminism, and the future of sexuality
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Human sexuality : in health and illness
The Puritan origins of American sex : religion, sexuality and national identity in American literature
The geography of HIV/AIDS in Portugal
A frank collection that bucks the backlash against feminist ideas. With a twist on Lesbian Chic, Madonna and other icons, Cole analyzes the many forms of violence against women.
Fear of dying
The chains of Eros : the sexual in psychoanalysis
The virgin suicides
When you love someone, how does it feel? And when you desire someone, how is it different? In Mating in Captivity, Esther Perel looks at the story of sex in committed couples. Modern romance promises it all - a lifetime of togetherness, intimacy and erotic desire. In reality, it's hard to want what you already have. Our quest for secure love conflicts with our pursuit of passion. And often, the very thing that got us to into our relationships - lust - is the one thing that goes missing from them. Determined to reconcile the erotic and the domestic, Perel explains why democracy is a passion killer in the bedroom. Arguesfor playfulness, distance, and uncertainty. And shows what it takes to bring lust home. Smart, sexy and explosively original,Mating in Captivity is the monogamist's essential bedside read.
Out of hiding
NURSES’ EXPERIENCES OF MULTICULTURAL CLIENTS IN SEXUAL AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH CARE IN KOKKOLA
Women's sexual development : explorations of inner space
Sex is a funny word
Mating in captivity : sex, lies and domestic bliss
Teens and LGBT issues
Nurses’ Attitudes and Beliefs towards Discussing Sexuality with Patients
"A genre-bending memoir, a work of 'autotheory' offering fresh, fierce, and timely thinking about desire, identity, and the limitations and possibilities of love and language. At its center is a romance: the story of the author's relationship with the artist Harry Dodge. This story, which includes the author's account of falling in love with Dodge, who is fluidly gendered, as well as her journey to and through a pregnancy, is an intimate portrayal of the complexities and joys of (queer) family-making"--Dust jacket flap.
The representation of sexual signs in Chinese Durex TV commercial : a semiotic approach
Kafka on the shore
In search of a postcategorical utopia : James Baldwin and the politics of 'race' and sexuality
The Bedtrick : tales of sex and masquerade
The girls
Pleasure and danger : exploring female sexuality
Non-heterosexual young people at work and in the military service
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
The transparency of evil : essays on extreme phenomena
The apartheid of sex : a manifesto on the freedom of gender
Play with fire, play with you sometimes : social aspects of condom use among young people in Sweden
Persecution, protection and immutable identity : contextualising asylum claims based on sexual orientation in Canada and Finland
An exploration of the unknown dimensions of Enlightenment sexuality, which describes lesbianism and homosexuality in their historical contexts, public prurience and fascination with the sexually bizarre, pornography, prostitution and the victims of sexual malpractices and repression.
Advances in sex research
The power of beauty
Enjoy sex : (how, when and if you want to) : a practical and inclusive guide
Sexuality in the movies
"In a provocative, groundbreaking work, National Magazine Award&#173;-finalist Rebecca Traister, "the most brilliant voice on feminism in this country" (Anne Lamott), traces the history of unmarried women in America who, through social, political, and economic means, have radically shaped our nation.  For legions of women, living single isn't news; it's life.  In 2009, the award-winning journalist Rebecca Traister started All the Single Ladies--a book she thought would be a work of contemporary journalism--about the twenty-first century phenomenon of the American single woman. It was the year the proportion of American women who were married dropped below fifty percent; and the median age of first marriages, which had remained between twenty and twenty-two years old for nearly a century (1890-1980), had risen dramatically to twenty-seven.  But over the course of her vast research and more than a hundred interviews with academics and social scientists and prominent single women, Traister discovered a startling truth: the phenomenon of the single woman in America is not a new one. And historically, when women were given options beyond early heterosexual marriage, the results were massive social change--temperance, abolition, secondary education, and more.  Today, only twenty percent of Americans are wed by age twenty-nine, compared to nearly sixty percent in 1960. The Population Reference Bureau calls it a "dramatic reversal." All the Single Ladies is a remarkable portrait of contemporary American life and how we got here, through the lens of the single American woman. Covering class, race, sexual orientation, and filled with vivid anecdotes from fascinating contemporary and historical figures, All the Single Ladies is destined to be a classic work of social history and journalism. Exhaustively researched, brilliantly balanced, and told with Traister's signature wit and insight, this book should be shelved alongside Gail Collins's When Everything
Women with men : three stories
She's not the man I married : my life with a transgender husband
City of lies : love, sex, death and the search for truth in Tehran
Sexuality and the curriculum : the politics and practices of sexuality education
The argonauts
Reproductive health and fertility in St. Petersburg : report on a survey of 18-44 old women in 2004
Sexual communication among intercultural couples with a Finnish partner
How to build a girl
