http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18271 choreography
choreography
Dialogues with: Sue Buckmaster, Jonathan Burrows & Matteo Fargion, Rosemary Butcher, Dana Caspersen, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui, Tim Etchells, Antony Gormley, Jonzi D & Soweto Kinch, Akram Khan, Ruth Little, Russell Maliphant & Michael Hulls, Alain Platel, Hofesh Shechter.
Beyond words : movement observation and analysis : instructors guidebook
Choreography and the specific image : nineteen essays and a workbook
The choreographic
Public scholarship in dance : teaching, choreography, research, service, and assessment for community engagement
Basic concepts in modern dance : a creative approach
This book renews thinking about the moving body by drawing on dance practice and performance from across the world. Eighteen internationally recognised scholars show how dance can challenge our thoughts and feelings about our own and other cultures, our emotions and prejudices, and our sense of public and private space. In so doing, they offer a multi-layered response to ideas of affect and emotion, culture and politics, and ultimately, the place of dance and art itself within society. The chapters in this collection arise from a number of different political and historical contexts. By teasing out their detail and situating dance within them, art is given a political charge. That charge is informed by the work of Michel Foucault, Stuart Hall, Gilles Deleuze, Jacques Derrida, Ranciere and Luce Irigaray as well as their forebears such as Spinoza, Plato and Freud. Taken together, Choreography and Corporeality: RELAY in Motion puts thought into motion, without forgetting its origins in the social world.
Embodied interaction choreographies : kinesthetic approach to intelligent environment design
New school dictionary
Jasmin Vardimon's dance theatre : movement, memory and metaphor
Exhausting dance : performance and the politics of movement
Danse - A Catalogue comprises dialogues and newly-commissioned essays by dancers, choreographers, writers, and curators reflecting on the mutual influences of French and American choreographic cultures. Together these writings examine the ways in which dance matters in an increasingly globalized contemporary field.
The art of making dances
Drumming & Rain : a choreographer's score
Speaking of dance : twelve contemporary choreographers on their craft
Anarchic dance
Danse : an anthology
How to choreograph. Volume One, Everything I learned in school
The dance : a handbook for the appreciation of the choreographic experience
Choreo-graphics : a comparison of dance notation systems from the fifteenth century to the present
Changing steps : a resource pack for teachers based on Merce Cunningham's choreography
Hiking the horizontal : field notes from a choreographer
A ballet-maker's handbook : sources, vocabulary, styles
Dance improvisations : warm-ups, games and choreographic tasks
The art of listening : intuition & improvisation in choreography
The Mary Wigman book : her writings
Moving Sites explores site-specific dance practice through a combination of analytical essays and practitioner accounts of their working processes. In offering this joint effort of theory and practice, it aims to provide dance academics, students and practitioners with a series of discussions that shed light both on approaches to making this type of dance practice, and evaluating and reflecting on it. The edited volume combines critical thinking from a range of perspectives including commentary and observation from the fields of dance studies, human geography and spatial theory in order to present interdisciplinary discourse and a range of critical and practice-led lenses through which this type of work can be considered and explored. In so doing, this book addresses the following questions: How do choreographers make site-specific dance performance? What occurs when a moving body engages with site, place and environment? How might we interpret, analyse and evaluate this type of dance practice through a range of theoretical lenses? How can this type of practice inform wider discussions of embodiment, site, space, place and environment? This innovative and exciting book seeks to move beyond description and discussion of site-specific dance as a spectacle or novelty and considers site-dance as a valid and vital form of contemporary dance practice that explores, reflects, disrupts, contests and develops understandings and practices of inhabiting and engaging with a range of sites and environments.
Some views and reviews of Ashton's choreography
The dance technique of Doris Humphrey and its creative potential
Butting out : reading resistive choreographies through works by Jawole Willa Jo Zollar and Chandralekha
The art & science of nurturing dancemakers : papers from the Greenhouse Effect Conference
Dance Crazy in Hollywood : A film about choreographer Hermes Pan
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 1
Singularities : dance in the age of performance
Choreographing Problems: Expressive Concepts in European Contemporary Dance and Performance illuminates the relationship between the philosophy of Gilles Deleuze and experimental dance and performance in the works of leading European choreographers, Xavier Le Roy, Jonathan Burrows, Boris Charmatz, Eszter Salamon, Mette Ingvartsen, Jefta van Dinther, and Jan Ritsema. Combining intricate analysis of seven groundbreaking works, including Self Unfinished by Le Roy (1998) and Weak Dance Strong Questions (2001) by Burrows and Ritsema, with a philosophical discussion of the body, movement and time in performance, as well as the notions of theatricality, affect, improvisation and process, the capacity of choreography to 'express' thought is unravelled. Choreographing problems involves composing ruptures between movement, the body and duration in performance such that they engender a shock upon sensibility, one that inhibits recognition. This book offers a practical insight into the matters of choreography: it allows both the versed and the non-trained spectator to observe in detail how the thought and the practices of making, performing and attending reinvent performance and dance today.
The choreography of Antony Tudor : focus on four ballets
Choreographing exhibitions = Chorégraphier l'exposition / a book by = un livre de Mathieu Copeland
Andre Lepecki surveys a decade of experimental choreography to uncover the dual meaning of “performance” in the twenty-first century: not just an aesthetic category, but a mode of political power. He demonstrates the enduring ability of performance to critique and subvert this power, examining this relationship through five “singularities” in contemporary dance: thingness, animality, persistence, darkness, and solidity. Exploring the works of Mette Ingvartsen, Yvonne Rainer, Ralph Lemon, Jerome Bel and others, Lepecki uses his concept of “singularity” - the resistance of categorization and aesthetic identification - to examine the function of dance and performance in political and artistic debate.
Lamb at the altar : the story of a dance
Ungoverning dance : contemporary European theatre dance and the commons
Soda Lake (1981) : choreography by Richard Alston
How to choreograph. Volume one, everything I learned in school
Drifting Down the Technologization of Life: Could Choreography-Based Interaction Design Support us in Engaging with the World and our Embodied Living?
Choreo-Graphics : a comparison of dance notation systems from the fifteenth century to the present
Do you get what I'm not saying? : on dance as a subversive declaration of love
Dance [and] theory
Staging musical theatre
Writings on ballet and music
Elementary labanotation : a study guide
Dance composition : an interrelated arts approach
In 1996, Pablo Ventura turned his attention to the choreography software Life Forms to find out whether the then-revolutionary new tool could lead to new possibilities of expression in contemporary dance. During the next 2 decades, he devised choreographic techniques and custom software to create dance works that highlight the operational logic of computers, accompanied by computer-generated dance and media elements. This article provides a firsthand account of how Ventura's engagement with algorithmic concepts guided and transformed his choreographic practice. The text describes the methods that were developed to create computer-aided dance choreographies. Furthermore, the text illustrates how choreography techniques can be applied to correlate formal and aesthetic aspects of movement, music, and video. Finally, the text emphasizes how Ventura's interest in the wider conceptual context has led him to explore with choreographic means fundamental issues concerning the characteristics of humans and machines and their increasingly profound interdependencies..
Orchesography : or, the art of dancing by characters and demonstrative figures
Dance anecdotes : stories from the worlds of ballet, Broadway, the ballroom, and modern dance
The book of dance
Preservation politics : dance revived, reconstructed, remade
Nijinsky's crime against grace : reconstruction score of the original choreography for Le sacre du printemps
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 2
Preserving dance across time and space
The intimate act of choreography
20 lessons in keyboard choreography : The basics of physical movements at the piano
Planes of composition : dance, theory and the global
The book of the dance
Dance is the art least susceptible to preservation since its embodied, kinaesthetic nature has proven difficult to capture in notation and even in still or moving images. However, frameworks have been established and guidance made available for keeping dances, performances, and choreographers' legacies alive so that the dancers of today and tomorrow can experience and learn from the dances and dancers of the past. In this volume, a range of voices address the issue of dance preservation through memory, artistic choice, interpretation, imagery and notation, as well as looking at relevant archives, legal structures, documentation and artefacts. The intertwining of dance preservation and creativity is a core theme discussed throughout this text, pointing to the essential continuity of dance history and dance innovation. The demands of preservation stretch across time, geographies, institutions and interpersonal connections, and this book focuses on the fascinating web that supports the fragile yet urgent effort to sustain our dancing heritage. The articles in this book were originally published in the journal Dance Chronicle: Studies in Dance and the Related Arts.
Bandoneon! : working with Pina Bausch
White man sleeps : creative insights
Choreographic inscriptions : a framework for exploring sociomaterial influences on qualities of movement for HCI
Choreographing problems : expressive concepts in european contemporary dance and performance
Martha Hill and the making of American dance
Who are you?
Dance studies : the basics
Coach's manual : choreography and style for skaters
Congress on research in dance : 2007 conference proceedings : choreographies of migration : patterns of global mobility : 40th anniversary conference, November 8-11, 2007, Barnard College, New York, NY
The Ballets russes and beyond : Music and dance belle-épogue Paris
Jasmin Vardimon's Dance Theatre offers an unusual, intimate insight into the devising and training processes of a choreographer in the midst of her practice. Libby Worth and Jasmin Vardimon take a collaborative approach to recording and exploring the working processes of Vardimon and her company, chronicling the development of specific productions rather than offering a single choreographic blueprint. Focusing on the techniques, strategies and creative activities necessitated by each project, Worth and Vardimon address: The initial 'triggers' which lead to research, expansion, and performance; The social, political and psychological content of Vardimon's work; The relationship between accessibility of content and complexity of ideas; Drawing on texts to enhance and shape a piece of dance work; The editing process, and its inherent messiness; The contribution of a company's different voices and viewpoints to the development of a production. Based on extended conversations and interviews, this highly illustrated, full-colour volume is a unique reflection on Jasmin Vardimon's vibrant, continually developing practice. It is a must-read for students and practitioners of dance and physical theatre
Digital movement : essays in motion technology and performance
Moving together : theorizing and making contemporary dance
In the mid 1990's Deborah Hay's work took a new turn. From her early experiments with untrained dancers, and after a decade of focusing on solo work, the choreographer began to explore new grounds of choreographic notation and transmission by working with experienced performers and choreographers. Using the Sky: a dance follows a similar path as Hay's previous books - Lamb at the Altar and My Body the Buddhist - by exploring her unrelenting quest for ways to both define and rethink her choreographic imagery through a broad range of alternately intimate, descriptive, poetic, analytical and often playful engagement with language and writing. This book is a reflection on the experiments that Hay set up for herself and her collaborators, and the ideas she discovered while choreographing four dances, If I Sing to You (2008), No Time to Fly (2010), A Lecture on the Performance of Beauty (2003), and the solo My Choreographed Body (2014). The works are revisited by unfolding a trove of notes and journal entries, resulting in a dance score in its own right, and providing an insight into Hay's extensive legacy and her profound influence on the current conversations in contemporary performance arts.
Readings in modern dance : volume one
The Choreographic
Choreography and corporeality : relay in motion
This edited collection draws on the conference, Attending to Movement: Somatic Perspectives on Living in this World, run at C-DaRE, the Centre for Dance Research, Coventry University, 12-14 July, 2013. Somatic practitioners, dance artists and scholars from a wide range of subject domains cross discipline borders and investigate the approaches that embodied thinking and action can offer to philosophical and socio-cultural inquiry. The book celebrates and builds upon the work of visionary dance artist, teacher and scholar Gill Clarke (1954-2011), who championed the value of somatic approaches within and beyond dance education and creative practice.
A passion for dance
Fields in motion : ethnography in the worlds of dance
Choreography & style for ice skaters
"Scapegoat" - The pleasure of conujuring up the evil: heavy Metal as a sptingboard for an artistic inquiry
How to choreograph. Volume two, what I never ever learned in school
Laban for actors : the eight effort actions
Contemporary Korean ballet : scenes and stars
Brazilian bodies and their choreographies of identification : swing nation
Attending to movement : somatic perspectives on living in this world
Letters on dance and choreography
Rioting theatre space : Vaslav Nijinsky and the birth of ballet modernism
Beyond words : movement observation and analysis
Musical theatre choreography : a practical method for preparing and staging dance in musical show
Footnotes : six choreographers inscribe the page : essays
The Bournonville heritage : a choreographic record 1829-1875 : twenty-four unknown dances in labanotation
Dance is a language isn't it
Emerging bodies : the performance of worldmaking in dance and choreography
Bandoneon: Working with Pina Bausch is a new translation of Raimund Hoghe's original rehearsal diary that documented the legendary Tanztheater Wuppertal's work on Bandoneon (1980), illustrated with photos of the production by Ulli Weiss, and personal images and notes from the dancers. This unique book records the method Pina Bausch developed and used, as seen by one of her close collaborators, Raimund Hoghe, who worked as dramaturg for the company for a decade (1979–1989). It follows the work from the first day in rehearsals to its premiere, chronicling the process with artistic sensibility – Bausch's famous questions, the dancers' responses and Hoghe's own reflections as the piece develops. This important document sees its first English language publication, and is succinctly translated from the German by Penny Black. The diary is accompanied by an Introduction and A Portrait by Katalin Trencsenyi, following Hoghe's journey from being a journalist to becoming an internationally acknowledged dancer-choreographer.
Considering calamity : methods for performance research
Fifty contemporary choreographers
The Bournonville school : the daily classes -technique, exercises, combinations
From urban rage to abstract movement - or...?
Lifts... for your choreography
Two essays on Stepanov dance notation
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 3
Using the sky : a dance
The routledge dance studies reader
How to choreograph. Volume Two, Everything I never ever learned in school
"Brazilian Bodies and their Choreographies of Identification retraces a method of swaying the body, particular to Brazil, which is commonly known as ginga. The book combines historiography and ethnography with movement analysis using a set of analytical tools compiled and tailored from distinct disciplines. As such, Cristina F. Rosa creates a 'toolbox' to map, more specifically, the presence of this polycentric and polyrhythmic system across distinct and specific realms: samba-de-roda (samba-in-a-circle) dances, capoeira angola games, and the repertoire of Grupo Corpo, a contemporary dance company based in Belo Horizonte (MG). This fascinating book examines how ginga functions at the bodily level, the multiple roles it assumes in each of these realms, and the effects that it mobilizes through choreographed and/or improvised movements, gestures, and intentions. It is an important resource for all scholars and students of international dance"--
Invisible connections : dance, choreography and internet communities
Objekte, Installationen, Performances = Objects, installations, performances
Choreographing the stage musical
Soviet choreographers in the 1920s
Assign & arrange : methodologies of presentation in art and dance
"Sleeping beauty," a legend in progress
Looking at dances : a choreological perspective on choreography
Imaginative Bodies contains a series of in-depth conversations with dancers and choreographers, composers, visual artists, Hip Hop artists, dramaturgs, a lighting designer and a puppeteer. The overall theme is defined by the body, both in relation to the place it takes in the artist's work, and in relation to wider debates on the body in philosophy, science, medicine, anthropology, and the arts. Depending on the affinities of the artist, a more specific theme has been defined for each dialogue, ranging from poetics to politics, from mythology to ecology, from intercultural studies to conflict management. The associative chains of thoughts of these talks give an intimate insight into the creative process, inspirations, sources, identity, and ways of collaborating. It is through the sentient body that we experience, know and imagine. Imaginative Bodies reaffirms the central position of the body in many artistic practices.
Merce Cunningham : creative elements
Choreography : the art of the body : an anatomy of expression
Choreography modeling in embedded systems domain
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 1, 15th - 19th centuries
Traces the ways in which contemporary dance has become a site for vital experiments on questions of the body, identity, belonging, knowledge economies, and globalization. This dynamic and wide-ranging collection maps the numerous exchanges between Francophone and Anglophone performance cultures and critical thought. Many of the texts included in this volume are translated into English for the first time.
Dance spaces : practices of movement
The Green Table : a dance of death in eight scenes
Decentring dancing texts : the challenge of interpreting dances
Writing dancing, righting dance : articulations on a choreographic process
Changes : notes on choreography
Dance choreography for competitive gymnastics
The Oxford handbook of dance and politics
Laban Centre : working papers in dance studies. Vol. 3
THE INTIMATE ACT OF CHOREOGRAPHY
Ten prominent dramaturg-scholars from three continents discuss complex dramaturgical approaches and advance proposals that reset notions of agency in contemporary dance creation. By drawing upon professional experience, cognitive and poststructuralist theory, and the work of international dance artists, they depart from tropes of anxiety in the existing discourse and present dramaturgy as a radically relational practice. Seen through their lenses, dance dramaturgy is not the territory of a dramaturg with privileged knowledge about composition; it is driven by artistic inquiry, distributed among collaborating artists, embedded in improvisation tasks, or weaved through layers of audience engagement. In turn, the dramaturg becomes an engaged and skilful facilitator of dramaturgical awareness who traces artistic inquiries and ways of working across a broad spectrum of projects and artists. This collection extends an invitation to complicate and advance key notions of dance dramaturgy and provides a rich source for dance and devising artists looking to examine and develop approaches to creation.
Dancetime DVD! : 500 years of social dance. Volume 2, 20th century
The rise and fall and rise of modern dance
Dance is a language : isn't it
The Bournonville school : the dance programme
Danza! : a choral movement DVD
Dance educators in higher education have a long history of enriching the lives of others through community-based teaching, choreography, research, and service. Yet their valuable contributions to community development may not be acknowledged as legitimate scholarship by the university or other educational organizations. If you are a dance educator or student seeking to engage in public scholarship in dance and want to ensure your work receives the attention it deserves, this resource is for you. Public Scholarship in Dance is a dance-specific guide that provides examples of what others have done and suggestions for ways dance educators can evaluate their own projects or work for scholarship. Complete with research, teaching, performance, assessments, and dissemination tools, it is a total package that supports dance educators in their professional development through public scholarship and community engagement.
Dramaturgy in Motion innovatively examines the work of the dramaturg in contemporary dance and movement performance. Katherine Profeta, a working dramaturg for more than fifteen years, shifts the focus from asking "Who is the dramaturg?" to "What does the dramaturg think about?" Profeta explores five arenas for the dramaturg's attention—text and language, research, audience, movement, and interculturalism. Drawing on her extended collaboration with choreographer and visual artist Ralph Lemon, she grounds her thinking in actual rehearsal-room examples and situates practice within theoretical discourse about contemporary dramaturgy. Moving between theory and practice, word and movement, question and answer until these distinctions blur, she develops the foundational concept of dramaturgical labor as a quality of motion. Dramaturgy in Motion will be invaluable to practitioners and scholars interested in the processes of creating contemporary dance and movement performance—particularly artists wondering what it might be like to collaborate with a dramaturg and dramaturgs wondering what it might be like to collaborate on movement performance. The book will also appeal to those intrigued by the work of Lemon and his collaborators, to which Profeta turns repeatedly to unfold the thorny questions and rich benefits of dramaturgical labor.
Choreography : a basic approach using improvisation
Labanotation : quiz book
No wind no word : neue Choreographie in der Gesellschaft des Spektakels = New choreography in the society of the spectacle : 9 portraits
Moving sites : investigating site-specific dance performance
The choreographic art : an outline of its principles and craft
"Assign & arrange: Methodologies of presentation in art and dance" aims to map the exchanges and transgressions between art and dance that characterize the manifold variety of relations between art and dance that can be observed today: dance performances taking place in art galleries or public spaces, for example, or visual artists developing specific presentational formats or exhibition displays that generate dimensions of dramaturgy and choreography for their visitors. Terms like mise-en-scene, situation, setting, choreography, and installation are being almost coevally used not only by theoreticians but also by contributors from both art and dance in order to define modes of presentation or to specify visitors' aesthetic experience. Taking into account historical and current examples, and involving perspectives from art history, dance studies, and architecture, the book explores similarities and differences in the respective practices, as well as in the theoretical concepts they correspond with.
No time to fly 2010 : a solo dance score
Algorithmic reflections on choreography
Theatre in my blood : a biography of John Cranko
Choreographic dwellings : practising place
Moving notation : a handbook of musical rhythm and elementary labanotation for the dancer
A choreographer's handbook
How can various technologies, from the more conventional to the very new, be used to archive, share and understand dance movement? How can they become part of new ways of creating dance? What does this tell us about the ways in which technology is part of how we make sense and think? Well-known choreographers and dance collectives including William Forsythe, Siohban Davis, Merce Cunningham, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker and BADco. have initiated projects to investigate these questions, and in so doing have inaugurated a new era for dance archives, education, research and creation. Their work draws attention to the intimate relationship between the technologies we use and the ways in which we think, perceive, and make sense. Transmission in Motion examines these extraordinary projects 'from the inside', presenting in-depth analyses by the practitioners, artists and collectives involved in their development. These studies are framed by scholarly reflection, illuminating the significance of these projects in the context of current debates on dance, the (multi-media) archive, immaterial cultural heritage and copyright, embodied cognition, education, media culture and the knowledge society.
Dance composition : a practical guide for teachers
Choreographing Copyright provides a historical and cultural analysis of U.S.-based dance-makers' investment in intellectual property rights. Although federal copyright law in the U.S. did not recognize choreography as a protectable class prior to the 1976 Copyright Act, efforts to win copyright protection for dance began eight decades earlier. In a series of case studies stretching from the late nineteenth century to the early twenty-first, the book reconstructs those efforts and teases out their raced and gendered politics. Rather than chart a narrative of progress, the book shows how dancers working in a range of genres have embraced intellectual property rights as a means to both consolidate and contest racial and gendered power. A number of the artists featured in Choreographing Copyright are well-known white figures in the history of American dance, including modern dancers Loie Fuller, Hanya Holm, and Martha Graham, and ballet artists Agnes de Mille and George Balanchine. But the book also uncovers a host of marginalized figures - from the South Asian dancer Mohammed Ismail, to the African American pantomimist Johnny Hudgins, to the African American blues singer Alberta Hunter, to the white burlesque dancer Faith Dane - who were equally interested in positioning themselves as subjects rather than objects of property, as possessive individuals rather than exchangeable commodities. Choreographic copyright, the book argues, has been a site for the reinforcement of gendered white privilege as well as for challenges to it. Drawing on critical race and feminist theories and on cultural studies of copyright, Choreographing Copyright offers fresh insight into such issues as: the raced and gendered hierarchies that govern the theatrical marketplace, white women's historically contingent relationship to property rights, legacies of ownership of black bodies and appropriation of non-white labor, and the tension between da
Choreographing copyright : race, gender, and intellectual property rights in American dance
Dramaturgy in motion : at work on dance and movement performance
Dance dramaturgy : modes of agency, awareness and engagement
In recent decades, dance has become a vehicle for querying assumptions about what it means to be embodied, in turn illuminating intersections among the political, the social, the aesthetical, and the phenomenological. The Oxford Handbook of Dance and Politics presents a compendium of newly-commissioned chapters that address the interdisciplinary and global scope of dance theory - its political philosophy, social movements, and approaches to bodily difference such as disability, postcolonial, and critical race and queer studies. In six sections 30 of the most prestigious dance scholars in the US and Europe track the political economy of dance and analyze the political dimensions of choreography, of writing history, and of embodied phenomena in general. Employing years of intimate knowledge of dance and its cultural phenomenology, scholars urge readers to re-think dominant cultural codes, their usages, and the meaning they produce and theorize ways dance may help to re-signify and to re-negotiate established cultural practices and their inherent power relations.
New German dance studies
Dance composition basics : capturing the choreographer's craft
A look at ballet in 50 years!. Volume 4
With the rise of ubiquitous computing technologies in everyday life, the daily actions of people are becoming ever more choreographed by the interactions available through technology. By combining the notion of inscriptions from actor-network theory and the qualitative descriptors of movement from Laban movement analysis, an analytic framework is proposed for exploring how the interplay of material and social inscriptions gives rise to movement patterns and behaviors, translated into choreographic inscriptions described with Laban effort and shape. It is demonstrated through a case study of an affective gesture mobile device. The framework provides an understanding of (a) how movement qualities are shaped by social and material inscriptions, (b) how the relative strength of inscriptions on movements may change according to different settings and user appropriation over time, and (c) how transforming inscriptions by design across different mediums can generate action spaces with varying degrees of openness..
Choreographic Dwellings: Practising Place extends the notion of the choreographic by highlighting the experiential condition of contemporary performance projects which enact place as action. It describes the kinaesthetic as a topological condition of choreographic dwelling where body-environment interactions produce platial efforts through their physical enactment of place place. The book simultaneously challenges and embraces discussions of embodiment from philosophy, geography and psychology, shifting the attention from the dancer, dance and dancing to that of the dynamic architectures of affect, agency and affordance. This paradigmatic shift in thinking the choreographic is brought to life in this collection with writings from artist-scholars and movement practitioners from dance, music, performance, urban studies, circus, interaction design and Parkour.
Ungoverning Dance examines the work of progressive contemporary dance artists in continental Europe from the mid 1990s to 2015. Placing this within its historical and political context - that of neoliberalism and austerity - it argues that these artists have developed an ethico-aesthetic approach that uses dance practices as sites of resistance against dominant ideologies, and that their works attest to the persistence of alternative ways of thinking and living. In response to the way that the radical values informing their work are continually under attack from neoliberalism, these artists recognise that they in effect share common pool resources. Thus, while contemporary dance has been turned into a market, they nevertheless value the extent to which it functions as a commons. Work that does this, it argues, ungoverns dance. Theoretically, the book begins with a discussion of dance in relation to neoliberalism and post-Fordism, and then develops an account of ethico-aesthetics in choreography drawing in particular on the work of Emmanuelle Levinas and its adaptation by Maurice Blanchot. It also explores ethics from the point of view of affect theory drawing on the work of Erin Manning and Brian Massumi. These philosophical ideas inform close readings of works from the 1990s and 2000s by two generations of European-based dance artists: that of Jerome Bel, Jonathan Burrows, La Ribot, and Xavier Le Roy who began showing work in the 1990s; and that of artists who emerged in the 2000s including Fabian Barba, Faustin Linyekula, Ivana Muller, and Nikolina Pristas. Topics examined include dance and precarious life, choreographing friendship, re-performance, the virtual in dance, and a dancer's experience of the Egyptian revolution. Ungoverning Dance proposes new ways of understanding recent contemporary European dance works by making connections with their social, political, and theoretical contexts.
Learning about dance : an introduction to dance as an art form and entertainment
Transmission in motion : the technologizing of dance
Gestures within Human-Technology Choreographies for Interaction Design
The beat goes on : The evolution of rock 'n' roll : For SATB voices and piano with optional instrumental accompaniment
Imaginative bodies : dialogues in performance practices
Reworking the ballet : counter narratives and alternative bodies
Moving (across) borders : performing translation, intervention, participation
As performative and political acts, translation, intervention and participation are movements that take place across, along, and between borders. Such movements traverse geographic boundaries, affect social distinctions, and challenge conceptual categorizations – while shifting and transforming lines of separation themselves. This book brings together choreographers, movement practitioners, and theorists from various fields and disciplines to reflect upon such dynamics of difference. From their individual cultural backgrounds they ask how these movements affect related fields such as corporeality, perception, (self-)representation, and expression.
