http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1825 homosexuality
homosexuality
Hollywood's silent closet : a novel
The spell
Breaking (up) point
Criminally queer : homosexuality and criminal law in Scandinavia 1842-1999
Wolf, wolf : a novel
The domain-matrix : performing lesbian at the end of print culture
Straight jobs gay lives : gay and lesbian professionals, the Harvard Business School, and the American workplace
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
Lies are a gentleman's manners
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Totally captivated. Vol. 5
Non-heterosexual young people at work and in the military service
The summer isles
Same-sex unions in premodern Europe
Based on surveys and interviews of two hundred gay men, Peter Nardi's new study presents the first book-length examination of contemporary urban gay men's friendships. Expertly weaving historical and sociological research on friendship with firsthand information, Nardi argues that friendship is the central organizing element of gay men's lives. Through friendship, gay identities and communities are created, transformed, maintained, and reproduced. Nardi explores the meaning of friends to some gay men, how friends often become a surrogate family, how sexual behavior and attraction affects these friendships, and how, for many, friends mean more and last longer than romantic relationships. While looking at the psychological joys and sorrows of friendship, he also considers the cultural constraints limiting gay men in contemporary urban America - especially those that deal with dominant images of masculinity and heterosexuality - and how they relate to friendship. By listening to gay men talk about their interactions, Nardi offers a rare glimpse into the mechanisms of gay life. We learn how gay men meet their friends, what they typically do and talk about, and how these strong relationships contain the roots of larger cultural forces such as social movements and gay identities and neighborhoods. Nardi also points out the political and social consequences when friendships fail to provide support against oppression. An intimate and informative look at gay life in urban America, Gay Men's Friendships ultimately shows how these relationships challenge the gender order of our society by questioning how masculinity is constructed and by offering a model for a more creative blending of gay and heterosexual masculinity.
Fall of man in Wilmslow
Merciless gods
"From social silence to social science: same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa presents a unique and innovative effort to examine what we know about homosexual transmission of HIV and AIDS in South Africa. It reverses the trend whereby categories of same sex sexual practice are almost always excluded from research of HIV and AIDS, as well as from care and intervention programmes. The varied contributors (academics, activists and programme planners) draw attention to the risk behaviours and treatment needs of people who engage in homosexual sex, and explain why same-sex sexuality has to be seen as key within South African efforts to study, test and prevent HIV infection. Relevant to scholarly debates about HIV and AIDS, it is also essential reading for anyone involved in research, policymaking, advocacy and community development"--Publisher Website.
Homosexuality in Republican and Augustan Rome
Disorienting sexuality : psychoanalytic reappraisals of sexual identities
Homosexuality and social work
Best gay erotica. 09
Pink tourism : holidays of gay men and lesbians
His favorite. Volume 9
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
The construction of homosexuality
The gay decameron
The velvet rage : overcoming the pain of growing up gay in a straight man's world
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Blue morning. Volume 5
Lovesick : modernist plays of same-sex love, 1894-1925
The devil's paintbrush
Gayness and gender
The importance of being earnest
Gay men's friendships : invincible communities
Jack Holmes and his friend
Abstract: Sexual and gender minorities in working life.
The poetics of waste : queer excess in Stein, Ashbery, Schuyler, and Goldsmith
120 days of Sodom
Massive : gay erotic manga and the men who make it
Same sex : debating the ethics, science, and culture of homosexuality
Ethnographic studies of homosexuality
"Don we now our gay apparel" : gay men's dress in in the twentieth century
The mythology of transgression : homosexuality as metaphor
The marriage of likeness : same-sex unions in pre-modern Europe : John Boswell
Moving from adolescent rooftop games to adult encounters in gay bars, from hair salons in Calcutta to McDonald's drive-thrus in California, this novel tells an unforgettable story about family, the struggle between having what we want and doing what we feel we must - and the sacrifices we make for those we love.
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
King of thieves
In another part of the forest : the Flamingo anthology of gay literature
Bisexuality : a study
When everything feels like the movies
Christopher Isherwood :  A personal memoir
Hotel living : a novel
How to be a real gay : gay identities in small-town South Africa
Earthian. [1]
Homosexualities : a study of diversity among men and women
Overcoming heterosexism and homophobia : strategies that work
The friendly young ladies
Queer visibility in post-socialist cultures
I'll give you the sun
There must be fifty ways to tell your mother : coming out stories
What's wrong with these people
From social silence to social science : same-sex sexuality, HIV & AIDS and gender in South Africa : conference proceedings
Totally captivated. Vol. 4
Punch up!. Volume 4
The lesbian sex bible : the new guide to sexual love for same-sex couples
Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Blue morning. Volume 1
Earthian. [3]
Sociological aspects of homosexuality : a comparative study of three types of homosexuals
The bell
Homosexuality : a European Community issue : essays on lesbian and gay rights in European law and policy
Sexual and gender minorities at work
Out of bounds
"How to be a Real Gay takes its title from a series of workshops organised by gay activists in the small town of Ermelo, South Africa. Focusing on everyday practices of gayness in hair salons, churches, taverns and meeting halls, it explores the ambivalent space that homosexuality occupies in newly democratic South Africa: on the one hand, protection of gay rights is a litmus test for our Constitutional democracy, yet on the other, homosexuality is seen to threaten traditional values, customs and beliefs. This book is the first to emerge that recounts how gays in small-town South Africa negotiate this difficult symbolic terrain. How do discourses on international gay and lesbian social movements and gay equality hang together with local views on identity, gender and relationships? Why do small-town gays harness fashion, style and glamour in the making and sustaining of identity? How do economically vulnerable gays organize, access resources and create networks linking small towns to cities? How to be a Real Gay delves to the core of what it means to be other in contexts of risk, exclusion and inclusion. In its richly textured way, it also speaks to the tremendous capacity of gays to imagine and create life worlds in a harsh environment."--Publisher's website.
These personal "coming out" stories from a wide range of young women and men in the UK are divided into three sections: "Coming Out", "Shouting Out" and "Moving On". The stories explore ways to combat the fear many people face before telling their family about their sexuality; the means of expressing pride and helping to fight prejudice; and the process of building strong, lasting relationships with gay friends and partners. A roleplay section is included for groups of friends to work from in developing the ideas and themes of the book.
Between the acts : lives of homosexual men 1885-1967
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
Totally captivated. Vol. 1
Death in Venice
A thirsty evil : seven short stories
"The workplace has become the next frontier for gay rights," stated a Fortune magazine cover story, and this book - based on a series of groundbreaking interviews with more than 100 gay and lesbian alumni of the Harvard Business School - is the most complete and most in-depth study ever made of gay and lesbian managers, executives, and employees in this country. Straight Jobs, Gay Lives frankly examines issues such as coming out versus being closeted in the workplace, harassment, discrimination, health and insurance benefits, resources and support groups, and the differences between the experiences of gay men and lesbians. With hundreds of personal stories -- from men and women of all ages and races - Straight Jobs, Gay Lives provides readers with the encouragement, information, and support that they need to navigate today's fast-changing business world.
Jackal in the dark
Red Girls : the Legend of the Akakuchibas
Both highly praised and intensely controversial, this brilliant book produces dramatic evidence that at one time the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches not only sanctioned unions between partners of the same sex, but sanctified them - in ceremonies strikingly similar to heterosexual marriage ceremonies.
Totally captivated. Vol. 3
Tales of the city
Gay soul : finding the heart of gay spirit and nature with sixteen writers, healers, teachers, and visionaries
Death in Venice and other stories
Wolfenden's witnesses : homosexuality in postwar Britain
The Wolfenden Report of 1957 has long been recognized as a landmark in moves towards gay law reform. What is less well known is that the testimonials and written statements of the witnesses before the Wolfenden Committee provide by far the most complete and extensive array of perspectives we have on how homosexuality was understood in mid-twentieth century Britain. Those giving evidence, individually or through their professional associations, included a broad cross-section of official, professional and bureaucratic Britain: police chiefs, policemen, magistrates, judges, lawyers and Home Office civil servants; doctors, biologists (including Alfred Kinsey), psychiatrists, psychoanalysts and psychotherapists; prison governors, medical officers and probation officers; representatives of the churches, morality councils and progressive and ethical societies; approved school headteachers and youth organization leaders; representatives of the army, navy and air force; and a small handful of self-described but largely anonymous homosexuals. This volume presents an annotated selection of their voices.
Especially loved by Allah : Muslim and LGBTQ in Istanbul
Unfinished business : screening the Italian Mafia in the new millenium
Gay semiotics
"At various times, homosexuality has been considered the noblest of loves, a horrible sin, a psychological condition or grounds for torture and execution. David F. Greenberg's careful, encyclopedic and important new book argues that homosexuality is only deviant because society has constructed, or defined, it as deviant. The book takes us over vast terrains of example and detail in the history of homosexuality."—Nicholas B. Dirks, New York Times Book Review
Cinnamon Gardens
The celluloid closet : homosexuality in the movies
Vincent River
Between the sheets, in the streets : queer, lesbian, gay documentary
Fisherman's lodge and other stories
Gay + lesbian London
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Call me home : a novel
Gay culture in America : essays from the field
Halfway home : a novel
Love lost in translation : homosexuality and the Bible
Gods & monsters : a queer film classic
Presents an analysis of the new sexual landscape faced by girls in today's high schools and colleges, revealing hidden truths, hard lessons, and important possibilities in girls' modern-world sex lives.
The porcupine of truth
Lovesick brings together six plays, each with individual introductions, including an author biography and a production history. The editor provides a contextual introduction to the volume offering valuable information about the ancestry of gay theatre and queer performance. The anthology reveals how 'sexual deviance' made its way into the drama of this time, and also how homosexual playwrights used comic or lyrical devices in order to celebrate a 'superior sensibility'.
The article builds on ethnographic fieldwork within the LGBTQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Queer) milieu of Istanbul. It is based on material collected through participant observation and semi-structured interviews with people who at the same time selfidentify as practicing Muslims and have romantic and sexual relations with people of their own sex. The protagonist of the article is a pious Muslim woman who can be placed in the category of LGBTQ Muslims who do not seek coherence and are not involved in a reinterpretation of their Islamic tradition. The article explores the complex ways in which this woman handles the potential conflicts between her sex life and her religious beliefs, and points specifically to the way she supports herself on the firm belief that Allah loves and protects her.
Tasked with investigating the suicide of a local recluse, Alan Turing, Det Sgt Corell is torn between admiration for the dead man's genius and disgust for his sexuality. A succession of remarkable discoveries drives Corell to examine his own prejudice, then he is rocked by two startling developments.
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Blue morning. Volume 4
Gay New York : the making of the gay male world, 1890-1940
God and the gay Christian : the biblical case in support of same-sex relationships
The development of homophobia : a cross-national analysis
Virtually normal : an argument about homosexuality
Dust to dust
The homosexual dialectic
David Fisher has lived by the rules all his life. Born to a Mennonite family, he obeyed his father and took over the family farm, married, and had two children. Now with both his kids in college and his wife deceased, he runs his farm alone and without joy, counting off the days of his life half-lived. When gay Manhattan party boy Christie Landon heads to the country for a break, he decides to approach his neighbor, David, with a plan to share meals and grocery expenses. David agrees, and soon the odd couple finds they really enjoy spending time together. Christie brings out feelings in David he buried long ago, and if he can break free of the past, he might find a second chance at happiness.
Dead Rock, Texas, 2037. Raleigh Williams made a promise to his brother before he died, that he’d scatter his ashes on Mars. Desperate to leave a life of bad memories behind and start over in the Martian colony, Raleigh fully intends to keep that promise. But his plans are thwarted when a meteor near-misses him in the desert, and Raleigh finds in its crater not debris or even a spacecraft, but a man covered in swirling scars and with no memory of who he is. At least he looks like a man—a man Raleigh can’t seem to keep his eyes off of—but whenever they touch it ignites a memory swap between them.  Raleigh agrees to help Meteor Man piece together his life through their cosmic connection. But the memory share goes both ways, and Raleigh becomes inexplicably entangled with a guy who is everything he needs—everything good that Raleigh is not—but might not even be human. As their minds and worlds collide, reality unravels and Raleigh must face a painful truth, one that could shatter his dreams of finding love, reaching Mars, and fulfilling his brother’s last wish.
Structure and development of homophobia
On the road to same-sex marriage : a supportive guide to psychological, political, and legal issues
Homosexual behavior among males : a cross-cultural and cross-species investigation
Art in nature
Queer Visibility in Post-Socialist Cultures explores the public constructions of gay, lesbian, and queer identities, as well as ways of thinking about sexuality and gender, in post-socialist cultures across the European region formerly known as the Eastern bloc. Featuring eleven essays by scholars and activist researchers focusing on Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Croatia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Romania, Belarus, and Russia, the collection encompasses a wide range of fields, including gender and sexuality studies, Eastern European studies, media and film studies, sociology, and cultural anthropology. Together, the essays reveal a paradigm of visibility politics centered on the vexed interaction between the post-socialist notions of queerness in activist strategies and the nationalist, mainstream representations of nonnormative sexualities.
His favorite. Volume 3
The politics and poetics of camp
Teens and LGBT issues
Totally captivated. Vol. 6
Junky : the definitive text of "Junk"
The mysteries of Pittsburgh
Studies in the Psychology of Sex / vol. 2. Sexual Inversion(1915)
Homocore : the loud and raucous rise of queer rock
Raising my rainbow : adventures in raising a fabulous, gender creative son
Love Lost in Translation systematically examines the biblical stories and passages that are generally assumed to deal with, or comment on, homoerotic relationships: Noah and Ham, Sodom and Gomorrah, Leviticus 18:22, Deuteronomy 23:17-18, Judges 19, Romans 1:26-27, and 1 Corinthians 6:9. K. Renato Lings convincingly demonstrates that mistranslations of these texts into Greek, Latin and other languages occurred early, and that serious errors continue to be committed by translators today. This explains the painful controversy about same-sex relationships, which has rocked Christian churches for decades.
The best man
Michael Tolliver lives
Behind the candelabra
A study of issues concerning homosexuality : report of the Advisory Committee of Issues Relating to Homosexuality Lutheran Church in America
Best gay romance. 2011
The relationship between affective and cognitive components of homophobic reaction : three cross-national replications
Encyclopedia of homosexuality
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
Prince of tricks
A man's world : the double life of Emile Griffith
Hold me closer : the Tiny Cooper story. A companion to the award-winning bestseller Will Grayson, Will Grayson
Cat on a queer tin roof : a descriptive study of the process of character analysis and directing
A second harvest
Homosexuality in cold war America : resistance and the crisis of masculinity
Master of the game
Born to be gay : a history of homosexuality
Two boys kissing
Introduction: sketching the framework for a history and sociology of homosexualities in the Nordic countries
Archer has four important role models in his life - his dad, his grandfather, his uncle Paul, and his favorite teacher, Mr. McLeod. When Uncle Paul and Mr. McLeod get married, Archer's sixth-grade year becomes one he'll never forget. --
The dark light
Don't let him know
Out of the Ashes
The Penguin book of gay short stories
Children of the sun
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
Three Junes : [a novel]
Lord Cucumber and The boy hairdresser : two novels
This book is gay
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
Earthian. [2]
Best gay erotica. 2012
Totally captivated. Vol. 2
Homosexuality and ethics
Psychoanalytic therapy and the gay men
Homosexuality and religion and philosophy
Gakuen heaven Nakajima : Boy's love scramble : Close to you
The nature and practice of homosexuality in an African society : the Nigerian urban experience
Sons of darkness : tales of men, blood, and immortality
A queer romance : lesbians, gay men and popular culture
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Homosexuality : social, psychological, and biological issues
Out of hiding
Balancing between identities : a gay athlete's experiences in sport and exercise domains in Finland
Adrian and the tree of secrets
Mother Clap's molly house : a play with songs
Homophobia : how we all pay the price
Made of stars
So fey : queer fairy fiction
Report of the Committee on Homosexual offences and Prostitution : presented to Parliament by the Secretary of State for the Home Department and the Secretary of State for Scotland by Command of Her Majesty, September 1957.
Homosexuality and homosexuals in the arts. edited with introductions by Wayne R. Dynes and Stephen Donaldson
Accepted : how the first gay superstar changed WWE
The lost library : gay fiction rediscovered
See a little light : the trail of rage and melody
The Domain-Matrix is about the passage from print culture to electronic screen culture and how this passage affects the reader or computer user. Sections are organized to emulate, in a printed book, the reader's experience of computer windows. Case traces the portrait of virtual identities within queer and lesbian critical practice and virtual technologies.
The pleasure principle : sex, backlash, and the struggle for gay freedom
Studies in the psychology of sex. Vol. 2, Sexual inversion
Naked lunch
Mother clap's molly house : the gay subculture in England 1700-1830
This book provides a coherent history of criminal law and homosexuality in Scandinavia 1842-1999, a period during which same-sex love was outlawed or subject to more or less severe legal restrictions in the Scandinavian penal codes. This was the case in most countries in Northern Europe, but the book argues that the development in Scandinavia was different, partly determined by the structure of the welfare state. Five of the most experienced scholars of the history of homosexuality in the region (Jens Rydström, Kati Mustola, Wilhelm von Rosen, Martin Skaug Halsos and Thorgerdur Thorvaldsdóttir) describe how same-sex desire has been regulated in their respective countries during the past 160 years. The authors with their backgrounds in history, sociology, and gender studies represent an interdisciplinary approach to the problem of criminalization of same-sex sexuality. Their contributions, consisting for the most part of previously unpublished material, present for the first time a comprehensive history of homosexuality in Scandinavia. Among other things, it includes the most extensive study yet written in any language about Iceland's gay and lesbian history. Also for the first time, the book discusses in detail same-sex sexuality between women before the law in modern society and presents previously unpublished findings on this topic. Female homosexuality was outlawed in Eastern Scandinavia, but not in the Western parts of this region. It also analyzes the modern tendency to include lesbian women in the criminal discourse as an effect of the medicalization of homosexuality and the growing influence of medical discourse on the law.
Blue morning. Volume 3
Blood relatives
