http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18227 photometry
photometry
A study of blue low surface-brightness galaxies : surface photometry and spectroscopy
Applications of radiometric measurements in non-contact thermometry and mesopic photometry
Characterization of light emitting diodes and photometer quality factors
The measurement of starlight : two centuries of astronomical photometry
New tools for high-throughput screening : homogenous quenching assays for hydrolyzing enzymes based on time-resolved fluorometry
Development of visual performance based mesopic photometry
The science of imaging : an introduction
Dynamical and photometric modeling of Saturn's rings
Understanding the formation and evolution of disc break features in galaxies
Adaptation luminance in a road lighting environment : analysis of non-uniform luminance distribution
Photometry of asteroids at small phase angles with related laboratory measurements
The resource handbook of electronics
CCD precision photometry workshop : proceedings of a meeting held at San Diego, California, USA, 6-7 June, 1998
Introduction to radiometry and photometry
Lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, and neodymium metals and their interaction with oxygen studied by photoelectron spectroscopy
Basic photographic materials and processes
The AISA data user's guide
Fluorometer measurements and transmission of light in different parts of Lake Ladoga, Russia
Signs of light : a biophotonic approach to human (meta)physical fundamentals
A photometric study of the Galactic disks based Strömgren photometry
Fluorometer measurements and transmission of light in different parts of Lake Ladoga
Spin and shape analyses for the slowly rotating asteroid (39420) 2084 T-2
Physical optics and light measurements
Handbook of optical systems, 1. Vol. 1, Fundamentals of technical optics
Optical properties of atmospheric aerosols using filter-based absorption photometers
Stellar photometry : current techniques and future developments : proceedings of the IAU Colloquium no. 136 held in Dublin, Ireland, 4-7 August 1992
Fundamentals of digital imaging
This second edition of an Artech House classic title describes in detail the relationship between radiometry and photometry. It covers information needed to solve problems in radiation transfer and detection, detectors, measuring instruments, and concepts in colorimetry. This revised second edition presents an updated treatment of modern radiometry and photometry, including brand new sections on applications and developments in light sources and scientific instruments for measuring radiation and light. Engineers are also provided with an exciting new chapter on the use of computerized optical ray tracing for "virtual" experiments on optical systems. Market Optical engineers; electrical engineers; lighting designers.
The nearby field galaxy survey : a spectrophotometric study of 196 galaxies in the local field
Reconstruction and analysis of surface variation using photometric stereo
Popular summary (in swedish).
Basic photographic materials and prosesses
An investigation of the magnetic and related stars through pohotelectric narrow-band photometry
Crowded field photometry and luminosity function analysis as probes of galactic evolution
Landolt-Börnstein : numerical data functional relationships in science and technology : new series. Group 6 volume 3, Astronomy and astrophysics : extension and supplement to volume 2 : subvolume a: instruments, methods, solar systems
The Tycho-2 catalogue : positions, proper motions and two-colour photometry of the 2.5 million brightest stars
The energy and energy distribution of auroral electrons
High-accuracy characterization of optical components : detectors, coatings and fibers
The discs in galaxies are radially extended, rotationally supported, ﬂattened systems. In the cosmological Lambda Cold Dark Matter model the formation of the discs is intimately connected with galaxy formation. Generally it is assumed that the discs have exponentially decreasing stellar surface brightness proﬁles, but completely satisfactory theoretical explanation for this has not been presented. Large number of studies in the past decade have challenged this view, and have found a change in the slope of the surface brightness proﬁle in the outer regions of many galaxies discs: the surface brightness can decrease more, or less, steeply than in the inner regions. The transition between the two slopes is often called a disc break. Consequently, the discs are divided in three major categories: single exponential Type I, down-bending break Type II, and up-bending break Type III. Formation of these break features has been linked to the initial formation of the discs, internal evolution, and also with the interactions between galaxies. By studying the detailed properties of the disc break features, the evolutionary history of discs, and galaxies in general, can be better understood. The thesis work focuses on the structural analysis of the galaxies in the Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies (S4G), which consists of 2352 galaxies observed in the 3.6 and 4.5 µm mid-infrared wavelengths with the Spitzer space telescope. Work has been carried out as a part of the data-analysis pipelines of the S4G survey, utilizing surface photometry. In addition, special emphasis has been put on the study of the disc and disc break properties in a wide range of galaxy morphological types and stellar masses. The thesis work attempts to at least partially understand how galaxy stellar mass and observed wavelength affect the properties of the discs and breaks, and how galaxy structural components are connected with the breaks. The data comprises mainly of the 3.6 µm infrared data, providing a view to the stellar mass distribution of galaxies. We ﬁnd that the Type II breaks are the most common disc proﬁle type, found in 45 ± 2% of the sample galaxies, consisting of 759 galaxies in the stellar mass range 8.5 ≲ log10(M*/M⊙) ≲ 11. Type I discs are found in 31 ± 2%, and the Type III breaks in 23 ± 2% of the sample. The fraction of the proﬁle types also depends of the galaxy stellar mass: fractions of the Types II and III increase, while Type I fraction decreases, with increasing stellar mass. We attribute these changes with stellar mass to the increased frequency of bar resonance structures in higher mass galaxies, which are commonly associated with a Type II break, and to the increased fraction of Type III proﬁles in generally more massive early-type disc galaxies. In addition to the Type II breaks associated with bar resonance structures, we ﬁnd that nearly half of these breaks relate to the visual spiral outer edge, conﬁrming previous results of the Type II break connection with galaxy structure, and thus the internal evolution rather than initial formation of discs. Complementary data in optical wavelengths from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey shows a strong change in the properties of the discs inside the Type II breaks, indicating that the inner discs are evolving via star formation. In late-type spiral galaxies (T ≳ 4) with a Type II break, possible evidence of radial stellar migration is found in the outer disc: the slope of the surface brightness proﬁle is shallower in the infrared compared to optical wavelengths, indicating that older stellar populations are more evenly spread throughout the disc. Formation of the Type I and III proﬁles remain poorly understood. However, indication that some of the Type III proﬁles are formed by environmentally driven processes is found, with a correlation between the properties of the local environment and the disc proﬁle parameters. Furthermore, indication of star formation possibly causing the up-bends in spiral galaxies is found through a presence of young stellar population in the outer disc section.
Optical radiometry using silicon photodetectors
Theory, design and immunological applications of a vertically measuring fluorometer
Visual performance under mesopic conditions : towards determination of adaptation luminance
High-accuracy spectrometer for applications in photometry and radiometry
Introduction to color imaging science
New measurement standards and methods for photometry and radiometry
Time dependent phenomena in the photometry of starspots
Spectrophotometry : accurate measurement of optical properties of materials
A user-centered design of discomfort glare evaluation for white LED light sources
Instrumental methods of analysis
Photometry of raselved stellar populations in local group galaxies
Trap detectors and their applications in the realisation of spectral respositivity, luminous intensity and spectral irradiance scales
Detector based realisation of units of photometric and radiometric quantities
