http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18289 mounts (bases)
mounts (bases) pedestals stands
Continental shelves
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 2, The area beyond the limits of national jurisdiction
The 200 mile exclusive economic zone in the new law of the sea. Barbara Kwiatkowska
Essays on the new law of the sea
Conclusions (s. 307-309).
The future for ocean technology
The exclusive economic zone in international law
Involute spur gears : design & lathe cutting
International maritime boundaries. Volume 4
A handbook on the new law of the sea. 2
The regime for the exploitation of transboundary marine fisheries resources : the United Nations Law of the Sea Convention Cooperation between states
The actions of the Arctic states respecting the continental shelf : a reflective essay
Training manual for delineation of the outer limits of the continental shelf beyond 200 nautical miles and for preparation of submissions to the Commission on the limits of the continental shelf
Radiocarbon date list 11 : East Greenland Shelf, West Greenland Shelf, Labrador Sea, Baffin Island Shelf, Baffin Bay, Nares Strait, and Southwest to Northwest Icelandic Shelf
Essays on the new law of the sea. 2
International maritime boundaries
Undiscovered oil and gas potential of the Alaska federal offshore : 1995 national resource assessment
Power politics or orderly development? : Why are states "claiming" large areas of the Arctic seabed?
Dispute settlement in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea
Under-ice petroleum exploration offshore East Greenland
Resource management and the oceans : the political economy of deep seabed mining
A handbook on the new law of the sea. 1
Radiocarbon date list. 8, Eastern Canadian Arctic, Labrador, Northern Quebec, East Greenland Shelf, Iceland Shelf, and Antarctica
Seabed politics
Small powers at sea : Scandinavia and the new international marine order
International maritime conventions
From manganese nodules to lunar regolith : a comparative legal study of the utilization of natural resources in the deep seabed and outer space
With a summary in English.
The law of maritime delimination - reflections
Decisions of the World Court relevant to the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea : a reference guide
The law of the sea : progress and prospects
Rights to oceanic resources : deciding and drawing maritime boundaries
On the issue of the continental shelf : two legal opinions
Conclusions (s. 218-221).
The exclusive economic zone : regime and legal nature under international law
Olje og fiske : rettslige problemer og rettslige muligheter = Studies in oil law: Oil and fishing - legal problems and legal possibilities
Sea-bed energy and mineral resources and the law of the sea. 1, The areas within national jurisdiction
Relevant circumstances and maritime delimitation
Recent sedimentogenesis and environment on the Arctic Shelf of Western Eurasia
The legal regime for deep seabed mining under the Law of the Sea Convention
Continental shelf limits : the scientific and legal interface
Women, work and family in the British, Canadian and Norwegian offshore oilfields
New directions in the law of the sea : (new series)
The legal determination of international maritime boundaries : the progressive development of continental shelf, EFZ and EEZ law
Mineral concessions and law in Greenland
Agreement between Sweden and Finland concerning the delimitation of the continental shelf in the Gulf of Bothnia, the Bothnian Sea, the Åland Sea and the northernmost part of the Baltic Sea (with protocol) (29 September 1972)
Do the continental shelf developments challenge the polar regimes?
International law and ocean use management : the evolution of ocean governance
The Aegean maritime disputes and international law
Pacific-ACP states regional legislative and regulatory framework for deep sea minerals exploration and exploitation
The peaceful management of transboundary resources
Land-locked and geographically disadvantaged states in the international law of the sea
The regime of islands in international law
The marginal seabed : United Kingdom legal practice
United States responses to excessive maritime claims
The law of the sea : current problems
Display and displacement : sculpture and the pedestal from Renaissance to post-Modern
The public order of the oceans : a contemporary international law of the sea
