http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18279 web portals
web portals
Blogs, wikis, Facebook and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Paper and pulp products trade in Europe - Participating in creation of forest information portal
Professional plone development : building robust, content-centric web applications with Plone 3, an open source content management system
Building powerful and robust websites with Drupal 6 : build your own professional blog, forum, portal or community website with Drupal 6
Designing portals : opportunities and challenges
Web search : public searching of the Web
A novel e-commerce web portal: a student led co-creation case within an SME and a Uni-versity of Applied Sciences
The mobile revolution : the making of mobile services worldwide
SOA : principles of service design
The purpose of the following thesis is to create content for the portal, Cyprusforall.com. Cyprusforall.com is a web portal, which functions as an online directory to hotels and other type of accommodation in Cyprus. The portal targets international and Cypriot tourists. Besides providing information about accommodation the portal offers its visitors supporting information regarding travelling in Cyprus.    The objectives of the thesis are to create and upload content for the portal, and to gain theoretical insight into e-marketing and web design, which will ensure academic background for the practical implementation of the project.    The thesis is project-based. The research method used is action research based on analysis, planning, and data collection and reflecting.    The author introduces general concepts related to e-marketing, web design and web content.      The project was carried out by first completing the analysis of the portal and research of the websites with related theme. Based on the analysis and action research findings the information was collected. Finally, the current content was created and uploaded on the portal. Additionally, the author introduced suggestions for the future improvements of the content and portal in general.
Arctic Learning Environment : (ALE) portal
Public services in the new millennium : programme of action to promote online governement, 2002-2003 : summary of a report by the Information Society Advisory Board, 31 December 2001.
MuseumFinland : Finnish museum on the Semantic Web
Service-oriented architecture : concepts, technology, and design
Pro project management with SharePoint 2010
M-business : the race to mobility
Virtual regions? : a web site based comparison of Finnish and Norwegian inter-municipal ICT partnerships
The advanced internet searcher's handbook
Peer-to-peer : harnessing the benefits of a disruptive technology
Abstract: Energy report portal.
Charles F. Goldfarb's XML handbook
Portals : people, processes and technology
Towards knowledge portals : from human issues to intelligent agents
Practical liferay : Java-based portal applications development ; [a down-to-earth, practical approach to developing full-featured Java-based Web portals with blogs, wikis, and more]
Free business and industry information on the web
View-based user interfaces for the semantic web
The Nelli information retrieval portal - a service for the nation
An online portal as an effective marketing and selling tool for Finnish design and craft
Microsoft SharePoint foundation 2010: step by step
Liferay administrator's guide
Build a Next-Generation Enterprise Digital Platform with Portals and UXP A Complete Guide to Portals and User Experience Platforms provides in-depth coverage of portal technologies and user experience platforms (UXPs), which form the key pillars of a modern digital platform.
Provides information on building an Ajax-based Web site using ASP.NET 3.5.
The E-business (r)evolution : living and working in an interconnected world
Enriching cultural heritage : CIDOC 2012 Helsinki, Finland 10-14.6.2012 : abstracts & programme
Delivering digital services : a handbook for public libraries and learning centres
Creating content for the portal Cyprusforall.com
SharePoint 2010 user's guide : learning Microsoft's business collaboration platform
Professional SharePoint(R) 2007 development
Total perceived quality on Metso Pulp & Paper portal
Mohamed 2.0 : disruption manifesto
Framework for advertising inventory optimization for a Finnish online publisher
Digital futures : strategies for the information age
Building integrative enterprise knowledge portals with semantic web technologies
Creating portal-based international business to business relationships in  retail business
Mobile commerce : technology, theory, and applications
A complete guide to portals and user experience platforms
Building a Web 2.0 Portal with ASP.NET 3.5
Beginning SharePoint 2007 administration : Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007
Microsoft SharePoint : building Office 2003 solutions
Information politics on the Web
Encyclopedia of portal technologies and applications
Evaluating e-government : the case of palkka.fi-portal
Role based user management in the supplier interface extranet portal
Beginning Sharepoint 2007 : building team solutions with MOSS 2007
Beginning SharePoint 2007 : building team solutions with MOSS 2007
Qt Quality Visualization
Implementing a purchase web portal
The purpose of this project is to create the basic guidelines on how to implement the purchase web portal and also have the purchase web portal working on the basic level. The purchase web portal will be built based on these guidelines. Further more a user manual for the future customers is created.     ITaito Oy has assigned this project to Rahil Bedretdin as he is employed by iTaito Oy. It is decided that Rahil Bedretdin is responsible for implementing and maintaining the purchase web portal. ITaito Oy Monitors and supports Rahil Bedretdin as necessary.    This thesis consists of guidelines for customer creation, customer management, pricing, product management and printout creation. Further more subject of information gathering and naming conventions are touched briefly.    The user manual version 1.0 is created and we're still waiting for the launch of the purchase web portal after which improvements (if needed) will be done based on customer feedback.    The guidelines that have been set in this thesis are being used in the actual creation of the purchase web portal. The project is slowly going on. The guidelines will be uploaded to Kronodoc program where ITaito employees can view the guidelines and use them if they need to.    The purchase web portal is tested and there are 3 "Pilot" customers using it. The full potential of the portal hasn't been released yet because Kaseya project is not ready yet and the integration between the purchase web portal and Planmill is not ready.
Blogs, wikis, Facebook, and more : everything you want to know about using today's Internet but are afraid to ask
Liferay portal 6 enterprise intranets : build and maintain impressive corporate intranets with Liferay
View-based user interfaces for the Semantic Web
Web portals : the new gateways to Internet information and services
Portal integration in project business as a working method
Methods for building semantic portals
Implementation and Evaluation of eCodicology Web Portal - CodiHub
"This book offers complete coverage of the nature, characteristics, advantages, limitations, design, and evolution of Web portals. Other topics include semantic portals, philosophical portal issues, and personal portals. This authoritative encyclopedia encompasses the economics of setting up and using personal portals, knowledge management, strategic planning, user acceptance, security and the law"--Provided by publisher.
Electronic literature publishing and distribution in Europe
SAP NetWeaver® portal
Tiivistelmä: Paper and pulp products trade in Europe - Participating in creation of forest information portal.
Assessing Intranet Services : A Usability analysis of employee portal in HAMK Valkeakoski
Microsoft SharePoint server 2010 bible
Scripting intelligence : Web 3.0 information gathering and processing
Rich Adobe Flex -application as a portlet in an enterprise portal
