http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18263 pseudepigrapha
pseudepigrapha
The Pseudepigrapha on sexuality : attitudes towards sexuality in apocalypses, testaments, legends, wisdom, and related literature
Enoch and Qumran origins : new light on a forgotten connection
Evil within and without : the source of sin and its nature as portrayed in second temple literature
Invention, arrangement and style : rhetorical criticism of Jude and 2 Peter
This thesis investigates the transmission processes of earlier traditions in Judaism during the late Second Temple period (c. 250 BCE-70 CE). In previous research transmission has been seen rather one-sidedly as a series of literary dependencies that have been investigated almost exclusively as textual changes. The current study will contribute to this broad discussion from the point of view of the changes observable in the late Second Temple literature depicting in various ways the creation of humanity traditions. In practice the thesis maps out, how Jewish sages answered the most fundamental questions of human existence, such as why do humans live and die, and how can we live in harmony with nature, each other, and God. The focus of the study is on the different strategies of interpreting and transmitting the creation of humanity traditions. This dissertation is the first comprehensive study on changes in the traditions concerning the creation of humanity and their interpretation in late Second Temple Jewish literature, and what can they reveal about the mechanics of the transmission processes. Much has already been written by scholars, especially during the recent decade, concerning the general way texts were formed and the intentional and accidental changes happening in them during a literary transmission processes, as well as, on specific aspects of the individual source texts used in the thesis. But thus far there have been no studies that would have incorporated the full source material available from the Second Temple period with so many texts from different genres and text corpora, and investigated them from the perspective of a particular biblical tradition. It is demonstrated that the two creation accounts attested in Genesis form the background and stepping stone for all the later interpretive textual sources analyzed in this study. These two creation accounts are treated in numerous different ways in texts from the late Second Temple period when the form and status of Genesis had not yet been fully fixed. Some texts focus merely on the two creation accounts of Genesis and read them as one narrative. Many select and emphasize more elements from either the first or the second creation account whereas others seem to aim to incorporate all the available material from a wider range of traditions. Finally, there are also some compositions that pick a theme or an image from the Genesis creation accounts, supplement it with material from elsewhere and build their own interpretation on the basis of all of these. This research shows that in order to draw a comprehensive picture of the reception and transmission processes of the creation of humanity, the investigation cannot just function between the different text forms and with questions and terminology strictly linked to such a framework. Therefore, such an exploration should rather also incorporate the recognition of the importance of scribes and the various strategies they used, as well as, a consideration of the paradigm shifts on the societal level, that sometimes surfaced on the textual level and that forced scribes to reinterpret texts and traditions in novel ways.
Third Corinthians : reclaiming Paul for Christian orthodoxy
Jewish literature between the Bible and the Mishnah : a historical and literary introduction
Abstract in english.
The Jewish teachers of Jesus, James, and Jude : what earliest Christianity learned from the Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha
Apocalyptic and eschatological heritage : the Middle East and Celtic realms
Forgery and counterforgery : the use of literary deceit in early Christian polemics
The Book of Jubilees
Studies on the Testaments of the twelve patriarchs : text and interpretation
Reception of the creation of humanity : transmission and interpretation of the creation traditions in late Second Temple Jewish literature
Pseudepigraphie und Verfasserfiktion in frühchristlichen Briefen = Pseudepigraphy and author fiction in early Christian letters
The pseudepigrapha and Christian origins : essays from the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas
Learning through suffering : the educational value of suffering in the New Testament and its milieu
Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament as part of Christian literature : the case of the testaments of the twelve patriarchs and the Greek life of Adam and Eve
In this volume Devorah Dimant assembles twenty-seven thoroughly updated and partly rewritten articles discussing various aspects of the Dead Sea Scrolls that she published over the past three decades. An introductory essay written especially for this volume surveys the present state of research on the Scrolls. Dealing with major themes developed in the Dead Sea Scrolls, the author reflects the rapid expansion and change of perspective that has taken place in research on the collection in recent years following its full publication. Among the topics treated are the nature and contents of the Scrolls collection as a whole, the specific literature of the community that owned this collection, the Aramaic texts and the apocryphal and pseudepigraphic works found therein. The volume also includes discussions of particular themes such as the history of the community related to the Scrolls, its self-image and particular interpretation of biblical prophecies, and its notion of time.
The meaning of the Dead Sea scrolls : their significance for understanding the Bible, Judaism, Jesus, and Christianity
A comprehensive study of early Christian pseudepigrapha. Ehrman argues that ancient critics-- pagan, Jewish, and Christian-- understood false authorial claims to be a form of literary deceit, and thus forgeries. Ehrman considers the extent of the phenomenon, assesses the criteria ancient critics applied to expose forgeries and the techniques forgers used to avoid detection. Shining light on an important but overlooked feature of the early Christian world, Ehrman explores the possible motivations of the deceivers who produced these writings, situating their practice within ancient Christian discourses on lying and deceit.
A study of the geography of 1 Enoch 17-19 : "no one has seen what I have seen"
Acts of Paul : a new translation with introduction and commentary
Paul and pseudepigraphy
Seconding Sinai : the development of Mosaic discourse in Second Temple Judaism
The other Bible : Jewish pseudepigrapha, Christian apocrypha, Gnostic scriptures, Kabbalah, Dead See scrolls
Selected studies in the Slavonic pseudepigrapha
The making of Colossians : a study on the formation and purpose of Deutero-Pauline letter
History, ideology and Bible interpretation in the Dead Sea Scrolls : collected studies
The metaphorical use of language in deuterocanonical and cognate literature
The Anchor Bible reference library. The Old Testament Pseudepigrapha, vol. 1: Apocalyptic literature and Testaments
A walk through Jubilees : studies in the Book of Jubilees and the world of its creation
The Gospel of Judas : rewritting early christianity
Enoch and the Messiah Son of Man : revisiting the Book of parables
The Depiction of Eve in the Life of Adam and Eve
Asking for a meaning : a study of Enoch 1-5
Old Testament pseudepigrapha and the Scriptures
The Coptic gnostic library : a complete edition of the Nag Hammadi codices
The lost Gospel of Judas Iscariot : a new look at betrayer and betrayed
In Paul and Pseudepigraphy, an international group of scholars engage open questions in the study of the Apostle Paul and those documents often deemed pseudepigraphal. This volume addresses many traditional questions, including those of method and the authenticity of several canonical Pauline letters, but they also reflect a desire to think in new ways about persistent questions surrounding pseudepigraphy. The focus on pseudepigraphy in relationship to Paul affords a unique opportunity to address this innovative inclination, not readily available in studies of New Testament pseudepigraphy in general. Regarding these concerns, new approaches are introduced, traditional evidence is reassessed, and some new suggestions are offered. In addition to Pauline letters, treatments of related non-canonical Pauline pseudepigraphs are included in discussion.
The great controversy : the individual's struggle between good and evil in the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs and in their Jewish and Christian contexts
Biblical figures in Deuterocanonical and cognate literature
The Armenian Gospel of the Infancy : with three early versions of the Protevangelium of James
Heralds of that good realm : Syro-Mesopotamian gnosis and Jewish traditions
The Antichrist theme in the intertestamental period
Social-science commentary on the book of Revelation
Richard I. Pervo provides the most complete translation of the pseudepigraphic Acts of Paul in English, together with a detailed commentary. The research perspective of this work is primarily literary, with detailed attention to the history of composition and revision. The author encourages a fresh look at this section of the 'Apocraphal Acts' through the lens of the Pauline legacy and in the context of ancient popular narrative.
Jewish apocalypticism in late first century Israel : reading 'Second Baruch' in context
Metaphors are a vital linguistic component of religious speech and serve as a cultural indicator of how groups understand themselves and the world. The essays compiled in this volume analyze the use, function, and structure of metaphors in Jewish writings from the Hellenistic-Roman period (including the works of Philo and the texts of Qumran), as well as in apocryphal early Christian texts and inscriptions.
The Anchor Bible reference library. Old Testament Pseudepigrapha, vol. 2: Expansions of the "Old Testament" and legends, wisdom and philosophical literature, prayers, psalms, and odes, fragments of lost Judeo-Hellenistic works
The history of the Qumran community : an investigation
The stars will fall from heaven : cosmic catastrophe and the world's end in the New Testament and its world
Of scribes and sages : early Jewish interpretation and transmission of Scripture. Vol. 1, Ancient versions and traditions
The Pseudepigrapha and early biblical interpretation
Fragments from Hellenistic Jewish authors. Volume 1, Historians
2 Thessalonians among Pauline letters: tracing the literary links between 2 Thessalonians and other Pauline epistles
Hebrews as Pseudepigraphon : the history and significance of the Pauline attribution of Hebrews
Fragments from Hellenistic Jewish authors. Volume 3, Aristobulus : by Carl R. Holladay
Miryam T. Brand explores how texts of the Second Temple period address the theological problem of the existence of sin and describe the source of human sin. By surveying the relevant Apocrypha, Pseudepigrapha, and Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as the works of Philo and (where relevant) Josephus, the study determines the extent to which texts' presentation of sin is influenced by genre and sectarian identification and identifies central worldviews regarding sin in the Second Temple period. The analysis is divided into two parts; the first explores texts that reflect a conviction that the source of sin is an innate human inclination, and the second analyzes texts that depict sin as caused by demons. The author demonstrates that the genre or purpose of a text is frequently a determining factor in its representation of sin, particularly influencing the text's portrayal of sin as the result of human inclination versus demonic influence and sin as a free choice or as predetermined fact. Second Temple authors and redactors chose representations of sin in accordance with their aims. Thus prayers, reflecting the experience of helplessness when encountering God, present the desire to sin as impossible to overcome without divine assistance. In contrast, covenantal texts (sectarian texts explaining the nature of the covenant) emphasize freedom of choice and the human ability to turn away from the desire to sin. Genre, however, is not the only determining factor regarding how sin is presented in these texts. Approaches to sin in sectarian texts frequently built upon already accepted ideas reflected in nonsectarian literature, adding aspects such as predestination, the periodization of evil, and a division of humanity into righteous members and evil nonmembers.
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 1, [Apocalyptic literature and testaments]
Old Testament Pseudepigrapha and the Scriptures contains the papers of the Colloquium Biblicum Lovaniense 2012, which focused on a series of contemporary questions in Pseudepigrapha research. The papers discuss the relationship of Old Testament Pseudepigrapha to scriptures, both in a technical sense (how did authors rewrite or interpret Scripture) and in a literary sense (how and why did authors expand or extend earlier scriptures). Many papers cover the phenomenon of pseudepigraphy, giving explanations ranging from pious forgery through various kinds of literary devices to authorial self-effacement. Some contributions discuss the historically fluid boundaries between canonical and pseudepigraphic texts, and the production and use of Old Testament pseudepigrapha in early Christianity.
The Greek versions of the Testaments of the twelve patriarchs : edited from nine MSS together with the variants of the Armenian and Slavonic versions and some Hebrew fragments
The making of Colossians : a study on the formation and purpose of a deutero-Pauline letter
3 Baruch : Greek-Slavonic Apocalypse of Baruch
City of ruins : mourning the destruction of Jerusalem through Jewish apocalypse
The Old Testament pseudepigrapha. 2, Expansions of the "Old Testament" and legends, wisdom and philosophical literature, prayers, psalms, and odes, fragments of lost Judeo-Hellenistic works
The gospel of Barnabas as a counter-history in the power relations of Morisco Spain
The provenance of the Pseudepigrapha : Jewish, Christian, or other?
The Apocryphal New Testament : being the Apocryphal Gospels, Acts, Epistles, and Apocalypses, with other narratives and fragments
Critical reflections on the Odes of Solomon. Vol. 1, Literary setting, textual studies, Gnosticism, the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Gospel of John
Psalmoi Solomōntos = Psalms of the Pharisees, commonly called the Psalms of Solomon : the text newly revised from all the mss
An Editio Minor of the Armenian Version of the Testaments of the Twelve Patriarchs
No one spoke ill of her : essays on Judith
The Apocrypha and Pseudepigrapha of the Old Testament in English : with introductions and critical and explanatory notes to the several books. Vol. 2, Pseudepigrapha
