http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18264 Polish language literature
Polish language literature
Polish queer modernism
A kind of testament
A fugitive from Utopia : the poetry of Zbigniew Herbert
Skamander : the poets and their poetry 1918-1929
Polish and Hebrew literature and national identity
Inside the head of Bruno Schulz
Polish short stories
"No one is born a poet without pain," writes acclaimed Polish poet Eugeniusz Tkaczyszyn-Dycki. In "Peregrinary," a selection from his nine volumes of poetry to date, Tkaczyszyn-Dycki offers deeply personal meditations on suffering and dying, and on the dead and our relationship with them. At the same time and in an unmistakable poetic voice, he interweaves his autobiography, combining spirituality, eroticism, and nostalgia to create a unique narrative of travel, sickness, and the poet's place. The book's title refers to the itinerary of the pilgrim and relates both to the real journeys and the metaphorical ones of the writer's own life, in which he has chosen "poetry as a place on earth." Eugeniusz Tkaczyszyn-Dycki was born in 1962 in southeastern Poland close to the Ukrainian border. The author of nine collections of poetry, he has won numerous literary prizes both in Poland and elsewhere, including the prestigious Kazimiera Illakowiczawna Prize, the Barbara Sadowska Prize, and Germany's Hubert Burda Prize. His work has previously appeared in various English-language journals as well as in the Zephyr Press anthology "Carnivorous Boy Carnivorous Bird." "Peregrinary" is his first book-length publication in English. Bill Johnston has held translation fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities; in 2005, he won the translation award of the American Association of Teachers of Slavic and East European Languages (AATSEEL) for his rendering of Magdalena Tullis prose poem Dreams and Stones. He teaches literary translation at Indiana University, where he is also director of the Polish Studies Center.
Contemporary Polish poetry, 1925-1975
The anonymous poet of Poland : Zygmunt Krasiński
Linguistic images of emotions in translation from Polish into Swedish : Henryk Sienkiewicz as a case in point
From her point of view : woman's anti-world in the poetry of Anna Świrszczyńska
View with a grain of sand : selected poems
Wiersze zebrane = Collected poems
Sobbing superpower : selected poems of Tadeusz Różewicz
Bruno Schulz : new readings, new meanings = Bruno Schulz : nouvelles lectures, nouvelles significations
Magnetic poles : essays on modern Polish and comparative literature
Muse & messiah : the life, imaginiation & legacy of Bruno Schulz (1892-1942)
Sienkiewicz's bodies : studies of gender and violence
A gnostic tragedy : a study in Stanisława Przybyszewska's aesthetics and works
Absent culture : the case of Polish Livonia
Stranger in our midst : images of the Jew in Polish literature
Striking the chords of spirit and flesh in Polish poetry : a serendipity
Whither Quo vadis?
Wislawa Szymborska's poetry : choice of essays
O Czesławie Miłoszu mniej znanym : obiektywem i słowem = A lesser-known Czesław Miłosz : lens and the word
The kingdom of insignificance : Miron Bialoszewski and the quotidian, the queer, and the traumatic
Tadeusz Dabrowski was born in northern Poland in 1979. From his first volume, published in 1999, he has been critically acclaimed for poetry that combines a tone of metaphysical meditation with the theme of love. His poems are like snapshots taken by a sensitive camera that captures moments filled with the "caring absence" of God and intimacy with the woman the poet loves. Here we find gravity laced with humor and sublimity mixed with pleasure. So far Dabrowski has published five volumes of poetry in his native Poland, which have won him numerous awards. His work has appeared in translation in thirteen European languages. English translations of his poems by Antonia Lloyd-Jones have been published in several leading literary journals, including Agni, American Poetry Review, and Tin House. Black Square is his first collection to be published in English.
Map : collected and last poems
Gender and sexuality in ethical context : ten essays on Polish prose
Ryszard Kapuściński : reportage and ethics or fading tyranny of the narrative
Collective memory embodied in poetry as poison : the mnemonic role of Romantic poets discussed on the basis of Adam Mickiewicz’ Konrad Wallenrod and Forefathers (part III)
Wisława Szymborska : a Stockholm conference, May 23-24, 2003
Nothing more = wiecej nic
Gombrowicz, Polish modernism, and the subversion of form
The Mature Laurel : essays on modern Polish poetry
Bruno Schulz : new documents and interpretations
Contact zone identities in the poetry of Jerzy Harasymowicz : a postcolonial analysis
Lines of desire : reading Gombrowicz's fiction with Lacan
Second space : new poems
Polish literature in transformation
A world apart by Gustaw Herling
The marriage
Ten centuries of Polish literature
Renaissance and humanism from the Central-East European point of view : methodological approaches
City of memory : a bilingual anthology of contemporary Polish poetry
Between literature and science : Poe and Lem, and explorations in aesthetics, cognitive science, and literary knowledge
Literatura polska w przekładach 1990-2000 = Polish literature in translations 1990-2000
Miłosz like the world : poet in the eyes of Polish literary critics
The captive mind
Warsztaty translatorskie = Workshop on translation. 4
The art and science of Stanisław Lem
Six Polish poets
(Un)masking Bruno Schulz : new combinations, further fragmentations, ultimate reintegrations
Gombrowicz's grimaces : modernism, gender, nationality
Peregrinary
On the margins of reality : the paradoxes of representation in Bruno Schulz's fiction
From Norvid to Kantor : essays on Polish modernism
New Polish drama : Polish drama in the face of transformation
Polish-Jewish literature in the interwar years
"Long out of print in English, Diary is now presented in a convenient single volume featuring a new preface by Rita Gombrowicz, the author's widow and literary executor. This edition also includes ten previously unpublished pages from the 1969 portion of the diary"--Publisher's website.
The poetics of revitalization : Adam Mickiewicz between Forefathers' eve, part 3, and Pan Tadeusz
Modernist trends in twentieth-century Polish fiction
Black Square : selected poems of
Krystyna Milobedzka, one of Poland's leading and most innovative poets, was first published in 1960; her early volumes were singled out by Stanislaw Baranczak for their "dramatic ungrammaticalness", as they speak about elementary human relationships - between woman and man, mother and child - "in a language that is 'being thought'." Her prose poems, rooted in the body and earth, reveal an immediacy of expression, "seemingly uncontrolled, reporting the birth of the yet unspecified thought: a sentence broken off, a sudden mental leap, an ellipsis, a slip of the tongue." Nothing More, Milobedzka's first full-length book in English, samples her entire career. Here her kinship with the world, a unity in multitude, is reported in imperfect jottings, with "words broken in half broken to quarters". Commenting on her sparse diction, the poet explains: "I think it would be best if each writer could invent their own language to write down the very little they have to say. Only the necessary words." Elzbieta Wojcik-Leese invents her own translated language to convey Milobedzka's experimental poems into English. More 'collaborations' than translations, according to Robert Minhinnick in his introduction to this book, they are "the fruits of an exemplary literary symbiosis."
Polish romantic literature
Reading the apocalypse in bed : selected plays and short pieces
Regions of the great heresy : Bruno Schulz, a biographical portrait
An invisible rope : portraits of Czesław Miłosz
I cień i światło ... : o twórczości Adama Zagajewskiego = Both light and shadow ... : the work of Adam Zagajewski
The poetry of Adam Mickiewicz
Malvina, or, The heart's intuition
The poetics of W. B. Yeats and K. Wierzyński : a parallel
Polish writers on writing
Contemporary polish literature
Essays on the dramatic works of Polish poet Zbigniew Herbert
The history of Polish literature
