http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18265 PHOTO (computer programmes)
PHOTO (computer programmes)
Picture yourself learning Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo X2
Corel Photo-paint 5 unleashed
Nordic now!
Heat-sensitive UV-Vis measurements for Phytochrome
Innovative marketing communications : strategies for the events industry
Magnum Magnum : with 413 photographs in colour and duotone
Design & Photo from Finland
Select: Photo Studio : create, edit and enhance photos professionally
Here is the fourth and final volume in Abrams' definitive series on Photorealism, one of the most popular contemporary art movements. The first three volumes reproduced all Photorealist paintings created before 2000. 'Photorealism In The Digital Age' includes 841 full-colour artworks produced since 2000. Photorealists work painstakingly from photographs to create startlingly real paintings, sometimes as few as four in any given year. Where once they used cameras and film as tools for gathering information, they now rely on digital technology, which has vastly expanded the amount of detail that can be captured in an image. They bring new insights to vernacular subjects and succeed in making the commonplace "uncommon". Meisel covers every major Photorealist still active as well as artists new to the movement. For the first time he also includes Photorealist-like sculpture.
"Artists in the Photo League, active from 1936 to 1951, were known for capturing sharply revealing, compelling moments from everyday life. Their focus centered on New York City and its vibrant streets--a newsboy at work, a brass band on a bustling corner, a crowded beach at Coney Island. Though beautiful, the images harbor strong social commentary on issues of class, child labor, and opportunity. The Radical Camera explores the fascinating blend of aesthetics and social activism at the heart of the Photo League, tracing the group's left-leaning roots and idealism to the worker-photography movement in Europe. Influenced by mentors Lewis Hine, Berenice Abbott, and Paul Strand, artists in the Photo League worked within a unique complex comprising a school, a darkroom, a gallery, and a salon, in which photography was discussed as both a means for social change and an art form. The influence of the Photo League artists on modern photography was enormous, ushering in the New York School. Presenting 150 works of the members of the Photo League alongside complementary essays that offer new interpretations of the League's work, ideas, and pedagogy, this beautifully illustrated book features artists including Margaret Bourke-White, Sid Grossman, Morris Engel, Lisette Model, Ruth Orkin, Walter Rosenblum, Aaron Siskind, W. Eugene Smith, and Weegee, among many others"--Provided by publisher.
US - Finnish relations reflected in the "Photo Fighter" of True Comics
Digital photography with your computer
Real photo postcard guide : the people's photography
Exactitude : hyperrealist art today
Abstract.
Interpretation of journalistic photographs as an instrument of visual literacy education
Questions without answers : the world in pictures by the photographers of VII
Non-neuronal roles for GDNF and novel GDNF family receptors
Regulation and roles of c-myc and other growth factor-responsive genes
World press photo. 04
Corel Photo-paint 10 : the official guide
Photo-narrative processes with children and young people
Film stars : photographs of Magnum Photos = Stars : photographies de Magnum Photos = Filmstars : fotografien von Magnum Photos
Criticizing photographs : an introduction to understanding images
Toward the margin of life: from primitive man to population crisis
Reading Magnum : a visual archive of the modern world
The radical camera : New York's Photo League, 1936-1951
Molecular Signatures of Biogeochemical Transformations in Dissolved Organic Matter from Ten World Rivers
Reading the faces of hunger : disturbing images of child malnutrition in the World Press Photo competition
Image brokers : visualizing world news in the age of digital circulation
Magnum contact sheets
Influence of Nitrogen Doping on Device Operation for TiO2-Based Solid-State Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells: Photo-Physics from Materials to Devices
Photorealism in the digital age
World press photo 04
Kathie Lee Gifford or Riitta Väisänen? : translating culture-bound material on Erma Bombeck's "When you look like your passport photo, it's time to go home"
In remembrance of you
