http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18221 liverworts
liverworts
The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of North America : east of the hundredth meridian. 2
Austral Hepaticae. 35, A taxonomic and phylogenetic study of Telaranea (Lepidoziaceae), with a monograph of the genus in temperate Australasia and commentary on extra-Australasian taxa
Hepatics (Bryophyta) of Tohmajärvi, North Karelia, Finland
On the taxonomic significance of lobule characteristics in the Lejeuneaceae (Hepaticae)
Xylolejeunea, a new genus of the Lejeuneaceae (Hepaticae) from the Neotropics, Madagascar and the Seychelles
Phylogenetic relationships of the generic complex Chiloscyphus-Lophocolea-Heteroscyphus (Geocalycaceae, Hepaticae) : insights from three chloroplast genes and morphology
BRYOATT = Attributes of British and Irish mosses, liverworts and hornworts : with information on native status, size, life form, life history, geography and habitat
A taxonomic monograph of the genus Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae)
A new record of the genus Otolejeunea (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae) in subtropical China
Tritomaria exsectiformis (Lophoziaceae, Hepaticae) in Finland
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae). 5, On the identity of Pycnolejeunea spinistipula Mizut. and Lepidolejeunea queenslandica Thiers
Evolutionary relationships of liverworts with a special focus on the order Porellales and the family Lejeuneaceae
Catalogue of the genus Lejeunia Lib. (Hepaticae) of Latin America
Hepatics from northwestern Sichuan,China, with a checklist of Sichuan hepatics
"Noble Fellow" William Starling Sullivant
Hepaticae from Yunnan, China, with a checklist of Yunnan Hepaticae and Anthocerotae
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 7, Herbertus (Herbertaceae, Hepaticae)
Floristic elements of the hepatic flora from Northern Finland to Lithuania
A study of some Chinese Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae)
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Lejeunea neelgherriana and Tuyamaella serratistipa (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
Páramos : a cheklist of plant diversity, geographical distribution, and botanical literature
Circumscription of the family Scapaniaceae, with segregation of the new family Diplophyllaceae (Hepaticae)
Austral Hepaticae. Part 1.
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 2, Scapania koponenii sp. nova (Scapaniaceae, Hepaticae)
Illustrated moss flora of Fennoscandia. 1, Hepaticae
Two new Plagiochila species (Plagiochilaceae, Hepaticae) from Yunnan, China
Revision of Asian Herbertus (Herbertaceae, Marchantiophyta)
An annotated checklist of Polish liverworts and hornworts = Krytyczna lista wa̜trobowców i glewików Polski
Anastrophyllum cavifolium, comb. nova (Hepaticae, Jungermanniaceae)
The botanical journeys of A. K. Cajander and J. I. Lindroth to Karelia and Onega River in 1898 and 1899, with a list of their bryophyte and lichen collections
Guide to the liverworts and hornworts of Java
Common Interior Alaska cryptogams : fungi, lichenicolous fungi, lichenized fungi, slime molds, mosses and liverworts
Notes on Lophozia. 4, Some new taxa of Lophozia sensu stricto
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 64, Aphanolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae)
Three new species of Scapania (Hepaticae) from India and China
Mosses and liverworts of Mount Kinabalu
Hepatics from the North Karelia Biosphere Reserve and adjacent territories : rare and new species for Finland and Karelia borealis
Should I stay or should I go? : reproductive and dispersal strategies of site-specific liverwort species
Illustrated flora of Nordic liverworts and hornworts
Arable bryophytes : a field guide to the mosses, liverworts and hornworts of cultivated land in Britain and Ireland
Austral Hepaticae. 22, The genus Balantiopsis in New Zealand, with observations on extraterritorial taxa and a phylogeny of Balantiopsis and the family Balantiopsaceae (Jungermanniales)
On the Sichuan hepatic flora
Notes on the taxonomy and distribution of Cololejeunea platyneura (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
Taxonomy and distribution of Lejeunea exilis (Lejeyneaceae, Hepaticae)
Two new synonyms in the genus Ptychomitrium (Musci; Ptychomitriaceae)
Liverworts, mosses and ferns of Europe
On the evolution and classification of Scapania (Hepaticae) - subgenus Plicaticalyx
Drepanolejeunea longii (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae), a new species from Bhutan
Atlas of British & Irish Bryophytes : The distribution and habitat of mosses and liverworts in Britain and Ireland
The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of North America : east of the hundredth meridian. 1
The liverworts (Bryophyta) of the Julmat Lammet Nature Reserve, Central Finland
Distribution of Lejeunea cavifolia (Ehrh.) Lindb. (Hepaticae) in Finland
Phytogeography and habitat ecology of Western Melanesian endemic Hepaticae
Bryophyte communities in herb-rich forests in Koli, eastern Finland : comparison of forest classifications based on bryophytes and vascular plants
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae), IV
The liverworts and hornworts of the Tristan da Cunha group of islands in the South Atlantic Ocean
Long-term importance of aspen retention trees in the conservation of epiphytic bryophytes
Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of Great Himalayan National Park and its environs (HP), India
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae), V : On the identity of Pycnolejeunea spinistipula Mizut. and Lepidolejeunea queenslandica Thiers
On the present state of study of Western Melanesian Lejeuneaceae
A guide to the common liverworts and hornworts of Singapore
The family Herbertaceae and its novel systematic position within liverworts
Multi-gene phylogeny supports single origin of jungermannioid perigynium
A revision of Californian Porella (Hepaticae)
In celebration of Dr. John J. Engel : a tribute to 40 years in bryology
Notes on neotropical Cyathodium
Monographic studies on Cryphaea (Bryopsida)
Liverworts of New England : a guide for the amateur naturalist
The status of knowledge on threatened bryophytes in Finland
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 1    , Bryophytes from Mangshan Nature Reserve and Wulingyuan Global Cultural Heritage Area
Notes on Chinese Geocalycaceae (Hepaticae).1
The Hepaticae and Anthocerotae of Brazil
Phylogeny of Vetaformaceae, Lepicoleaceae and Herbertaceae (including Mastigophoraceae) inferred from chloroplast trnL-F, nuclear ITS2, and morphology
Bryophyte flora of Hunan Province, China. 4, Diplophyllaceae and Scapaniaceae (Hepaticae)
Type studies on Pycnolejeunea (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae), III Two Asiatic species described by Hoffmann
Nomenclatural notes on Cheilolejeunea inaequitexta and C. trapezia (Lejeuneaceae, Hepaticae)
Ecology of asexual reproduction in hepatics
Notes on the taxonomy and distribtion of Acanthocoleus yoshinaganus and Lejeunea papilionacea (Hepaticae, Lejeuneaceae)
The genus Plagiochila (Hepaticae) in Finland
Austral Hepaticae. Part 2.
Additions to the hepatic flora of Finland
Hepatics from northwestern Sichuan, China, with a checklist of Sichuan hepatics
Catalogue of Australian liverworts and hornworts
British mosses and liverworts : an introductory work, with full descriptions and figures of over 200 species, and keys for the identification of all except the very rare species
The bryophyte flora of Bromarv, southwest Finland, based on Hans Buch's reliquiae and other collections
Austral Hepaticae 45 : a monograph of the genus Chiloscyphus Corda (Lophocoleaceae) for Australasia
Sedum : cultivated stonecrops
Additions of Lejeuneaceae taxa to the hepatic flora of Yunnan, China
The genius Plagiochila (Hepaticae) in Finland
Hepatic and hornwort flora of Singapore
The liverwort flora of Antarctica
Epiphyllous liverworts of China
A new locality of Lophozia marchica in Norway
Type specimens of liverworts and hornworts located in the herbarium of the Hattori Botanical Laboratory (NICH)
The bryophytes of Finnmark
Guide to the plants of Central French Guiana. Part 4. Liverworts and hornworts
Bryophyte flora in three historical man-made habitats in southern Finland
Additions to the liverwort flora of the Paanajärvi National Park and its vicinity
Flora of Southern Africa, Hepatophyta. Part 1 : Fasc. 1, Marchantiopsida : Marchantiidae
Chemosystematic correlations of Taiwanese Hepaticae
Austral Hepaticae. 32, A revision of the genus Lepidozia (Hepaticae) fo New Zealand
Anastrophyllum linicola (Lophoziaceae), a new species from the Sino-Himalaya, and A. hellerianum new to China
Bryophyte flora of the Huon Peninsula, Papua New Guinea. 65, Preliminary contributions on Lejeuneaceae (Hepaticae) 1.
