http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18204 queues
queues
Queueing networks : customers, signals and product form solutions
Dead tomorrow
Abstract.
A convergence study of dynamic iteration methods using compound and multirate discretization
Stochastic process limits : an introduction to stochastic-process limits and their application to queues
Introduction to probability and statistics : principles and applications for engineering and the computing sciences
Introduction to operations research
A first course in mathematical analysis
Queueing systems. 1, Theory
The objective of the thesis was to explore organized customer service and the use of queue line management in Finland. The purpose of this thesis was to study what is the queue line managements' impact on customer service and customer satisfaction. Another purpose was to find out how organized customer service has affected on employees work satisfaction and work motivation.    The theoretical framework was based on literature about customer service, service marketing and human resource management. Literature was used from authors such as: Pesonen, Lehtonen, Toskala, Pilbream and Corbridge.     After the theoretical framework the study was carried out. The analytical research methodology was qualitative. The data was gathered through interviews with regular shoppers, service employees and upper level managers in shopping centers. This way conclusions were able to be done based on three different viewpoints. In addition, data was collected through observations.    The results indicated that queue line management plays an essential role in certain locations. It seemed that organized customer service is a significant tool to improve customers' service experience. In addition, the results suggested that customer service employee's work is more pleasant when queue line management machines are used.    In sum, organized customer service and queue line management was seen as a positive and efficient method to improve customer service and service employees' work satis-faction. The use of queue line management improves interaction between the customer and service employee. In other words, queue line management makes service employee's duties more relaxed and customers service experiences more positive.
Design of enterprise systems : theory, architecture, and methods
Computer systems performance modeling
Queueing theory
Queueing theory in OR
Earth accretionary systems in space and time
Networks and grids : technology and theory
Explaining and extending the bit-parallel algorithm of Myers
Fundamentals of queueing theory : student solutions manual to accompany
Introduction to the theory of queues
Safety aspects of drivers using interactive in-vehicle systems during car following situations
Elements of queueing theory : Palm-Martingale calculus and stochastic recurrences
Requirements for media servers in broadband networks
Performance analysis of telecommunications and local area networks
Introduction to real analysis
Schaum's outline of theory and problems of advanced calculus
Organized customer service : the use of the queue management system in Finland
Fundamentals of queueing theory
Ladybird stories for 5 year olds
Applying generalized linear models
Albania : family, society and culture in the 20th century
Elements of queueing theory
Stochastic storage processes : queues, insurance risk, and dams
Stochastic networks and Queues
Why does the other line always move faster? : the myths and misery, secrets and psychology of waiting in line
Applied probability and queues
Quantitative methods for business
Abstract: The structure and effectiviness of industrial maintenance.
River trilogy : travels down three of the world's great rivers
Calculus : early transcendentals
Stochastic dynamic programming and the control of queueing systems
Data structures and problem solving using Java
Performance modeling of automated manufacturing systems
Effect of waiting time on health outcomes and service utilization : a prospective randomized study on patients admitted to hospital for hip or knee replacement
Performance modeling and design of computer systems : queueing theory in action
Probability, statistics, and queueing theory : with computer science applications
Queueing and related models
Switching processes in queueing models
Introduction to stochastic networks
Applications of queueing theory
Queueing systems. 2, Computer applications
Digital lines, Sturmian words, and continued fractions
Modeling the joint dynamics of instantaneous and exponentially averaged queue lengths
Elements of applied stochastic processes
Operations research : an introduction
Simulation of queueing structures : a feasibility study
Higher order Fourier analysis
Special functions in queuing theory and related stochastic processes
Creating democratic citizenship through drama education : the writings of Jonothan Neelands ; edited by Peter O'Connor ; foreword by David Booth and Juliana Saxton
The effect of waiting time on health outcomes and costs of total joint replacement in hip and knee patients : a prospective randomized controlled trial
Studies in queueing theory
Erikoissairaanhoidon hoitoonpääsy vuosina 2007–2012 = Tillgången till specialiserad sjukvård åren 2007–2012 = Access to services in specialised health care in 2007–2012
Non-standard rank tests
Operations research calculations handbook
Fibonacci numbers
Stochastic comparisons of nonhomogeneous queueing systems with exponential servers
Queuing theory : a study of waiting lines for business, economics and science
Queueing theory in manufacturing systems analysis and design
eGate solution for self-service restaurants: case : TAMKOTUKI
Waiting lists for elective care in the Scandinavian health care systems : explanations and experiences
"This text provides the fundamental concepts and techniques of real analysis for students in all of these areas. It helps one develop the ability to think deductively, analyse mathematical situations and extend ideas to a new context. Like the first three editions, this edition maintains the same spirit and user-friendly approach with addition examples and expansion on Logical Operations and Set Theory. There is also content revision in the following areas: introducing point-set topology before discussing continuity, including a more thorough discussion of limsup and limimf, covering series directly following sequences, adding coverage of Lebesgue Integral and the construction of the reals, and drawing student attention to possible applications wherever possible".
The encyclopedia of integer sequences
Iterative methods for queuing and manufacturing systems
Stochastic modeling in broadband communications systems
Elements of queueing theory : with applications
Data structures and algorithm analysis
Who's in the loo?
Discrete-event system simulation
Analysis of queueing systems
Queueing networks and Markov chains : modeling and performance evaluation with computer science applications
Production control : case: ABB Oy, Motors and Generators Vaasa
Resource allocation in wireless access network : a queueing theoretic approach
Sublinear parametrized single and multiple string matching
On the optimality of the shortest line discipline
Point processes and queues : martingale dynamics
The mathematics of harmony : from Euclid to contemporary mathematics and computer science
