http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p1828 sexual minorities
sexual minorities
Tilting the tower : lesbians, teaching, queer subjects
"Sexual Identities and the Media encourages students to examine media as a site of negotiation for how people make sense of their own and others' sexual identities. Taking a critical/cultural approach, Wendy Hilton-Morrow and Kathleen Battles weave together theory, synthesis of existing research, and original analysis of contemporary media examples in order to explore key areas of debate, including: - an historical context for contemporary GLBTQ representations; - the advantages and limitations of media visibility, including a discussion of the strengths and limitations of stereotype research and the quest for "positive" representations; - the role of consumer culture in constructing GLBTQ identities; - strategies of mainstream media resistance by GLBTQ community members, including oppositional/queer reading strategies and the production of media products by and for the GLBTQ community; - the complexities of comedy as a popular narrative device in GLBTQ portrayals; - the closet as a structuring metaphor in both GLBTQ identities and engagement with media; - media representations of GLBTQ bodies as sites of non-normative desires and gender identities. Featuring an enormous range of discussion questions and case studies--from celebrity coming-out narratives, transgender models, and slash fiction writers to Glee and Modern Family--this textbook offers a timely, informative, and demystifying introduction to this vital intersection in contemporary culture"--$cProvided by publisher
"In a hugely ambitious study which crosses continents, languages, and almost a century, Gregory Woods identifies the ways in which homosexuality has helped shape Western culture. Extending from the trials of Oscar Wilde to the gay liberation era, this book examines a period in which increased visibility made acceptance of homosexuality one of the measures of modernity. Woods shines a revealing light on the diverse, informal networks of gay people in the arts and other creative fields. Uneasily called "the Homintern" (an echo of Lenin's "Comintern") by those suspicious of an international homosexual conspiracy, such networks connected gay writers, actors, artists, musicians, dancers, filmmakers, politicians, and spies. While providing some defense against dominant heterosexual exclusion, the grouping brought solidarity, celebrated talent, and, in doing so, invigorated the majority culture. Woods introduces an enormous cast of gifted and extraordinary characters, most of them operating with surprising openness; but also explores such issues as artistic influence, the coping strategies of minorities, the hypocrisies of conservatism, and the effects of positive and negative discrimination. Traveling from Harlem in the 1910s to 1920s Paris, 1930s Berlin, 1950s New York and beyond, this sharply observed, warm-spirited book presents a surpassing portrait of twentieth-century gay culture and the men and women who both redefined themselves and changed history"--
Diversity management experienced by lesbian, gay, bi and transgender employees in Finland
The Adventures of Priscilla : Queen of the desert ; Compiled by Kim Green
The gay revolution : the story of the struggle
For sociologist Henning Bech, the image of the male homosexual has become emblematic of the modern urban condition, in which freedom and mobility contend with transience and superficiality, in which possibility, energy, and engagement vie with uncertainty and restlessness. In this powerful and frankly provocative critique, Bech skillfully examines the distinctive relationship between urban modernism and the gay experience, exploring in compelling fashion its growing ramifications for the cultural mainstream. Gay society has persevered, even flourished, in this highly charged urban environment, aestheticizing and sexualizing the spaces, both public and private, where men meet. With profound insight and honesty, Bech details this world, candidly reflecting on sex, friendship, love, and life as manifest in the homosexual form of existence. He convincingly demonstrates that, in the face of modern alienation, successful coping strategies developed by gay men are gradually being adopted by mainstream heterosexual society. These adaptations are often masked by what Bech calls an "absent homosexuality, " in which sublimated themes of homosexuality and masculine love surface, only to be disavowed in expressions of social anxiety. This "absent homosexuality" acts as a kind of cultural filter, allowing key traits of gay life to be absorbed by the mainstream, while shielding heterosexual males from their own homophobic anxieties. Ultimately, Bech foresees, a postmodern convergence of hetero- and homosexual forms of exisce emergent from this urban landscape and, with it, a new masculine synthesis. Certain to ignite immediate controversy, When Men Meet offers both a penetrating scholarly analysis of the modern homosexual condition and an unflinching cultural vision of the masculine in transition.
"A renowned legal scholar tells the definitive story of Hollingsworth v. Perry, the trial that will stand as the most potent argument for marriage equality. In 2008, California voters passed Proposition 8, rescinding the right of same-sex couples to marry in the state. Advocates for marriage equality were outraged. Still, major gay-rights groups opposed a federal challenge to the law, warning that it would be dangerously premature. A loss could set the movement back for decades. A small group of activists, however, refused to wait. They turned to corporate lawyers Ted Olson and David Boies--best known for arguing opposite sides of Bush v. Gore--who filed a groundbreaking federal suit against the law. A distinguished constitutional law scholar, Kenji Yoshino was also a newly married gay man who at first felt ambivalent about the suit. Nonetheless, he recognized that Chief Judge Vaughn Walker's decision to hold a trial in the case was momentous.Boies and Olson rose to the occasion, deftly deploying arguments that LGBT advocates had honed through years of litigation and debate. Reading the 3,000-page transcript, Yoshino discovered a shining civil rights document--the most rigorous and compelling exploration he had seen of the nature of marriage, the political status of gays and lesbians, the ideal circumstances for raising children, and the inability of direct democracy to protect fundamental rights. After that tense twelve-day trial, Walker issued a resounding and historic ruling: California's exclusion of same-sex couples from civil marriage violated the U.S. Constitution. In June 2013, the United States Supreme Court denied the final appeal in Hollingsworth v. Perry, leaving same-sex couples in California free to marry. Drawing on interviews with lawyers and witnesses on both sides of the case, Yoshino takes us deep inside the trial.He brings the legal arguments to life, not only through his account of the case, but also by sharing his own story of finding love, marrying, and having children. Vivid, compassionate, and beautifully written, Speak Now is both a nuanced and authoritative account of a landmark trial, and a testament to how the clash of proofs in our judicial process can force debates to the ultimate level of clarity"--
Girls & sex : navigating the complicated new landscape
Relevance of identity and lifestyle in LGBT : segment for corporate marketing
Censoring sexuality
Born this way : real stories of growing up gay
Why is the penis shaped like that? : and other reflections on being human
Gay & lesbian history for kids : the century-long struggle for LGBT rights, with 21 activities
Introduction to multicultural counseling for helping professionals
Handbook of Gender and Sexuality in Psychological Assessment brings together two interrelated realms: psychological assessment with gender and sexuality. This handbook aids in expanding the psychological assessors' knowledge and skill when considering how gender and sexuality shapes the client's and the assessor's experiences. Throughout the six sections, gender and sexuality are discussed in their relation to different psychological methods of assessment; various psychological disorders; special considerations for children, adolescents, and older adults; important training and ethical considerations; as well as several in-depth case discussions.
Straight expectations : what does it mean to be gay today?
From perverts to fab five : the media's changing depiction of gay people and lesbians
Sexuality
"This book examines inequalities experienced by LGBT people and considers the role of social work in addressing them. The book is organised in three parts: the first provides a policy context in four countries, the second examines social work practice in tackling health inequalities, and part three considers research and pedagogic developments. The book's distinctive approach includes international contributions, practice vignettes and key theoretical perspectives in health inequalities, including social determinants of health, minority stress, ecological approaches and human rights. Lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans health inequalities is relevant to social work educators, practitioners and students, alongside an interdisciplinary audience interested in LGBT health inequalities." -- Publisher's description.
Let's get this straight : the ultimate handbook for youth with LGBTQ parents
Lesbian couples : a guide to creating healthy relationships
Love alters : lesbian stories
This is a book for parents of gay kids : a question & answer guide to everyday life
Media, gender and identity : an introduction
Trans voices : becoming who you are
City of night
Sex, art and American culture : essays
Spartacus. 2011/2012 : international gay guide
Poisoned ivy : lesbian and gay academics confronting homophobia
Fifteen-year-old Aki Simon has a theory. And it's mostly about sex.  No, it isn't that kind of theory. Aki already knows she's bisexual—even if, until now, it's mostly been in the hypothetical sense. Aki has dated only guys so far, and her best friend, Lori, is the only person who knows she likes girls, too.  Actually, Aki's theory is that she's got only one shot at living an interesting life—and that means she's got to stop sitting around and thinking so much. It's time for her to actually do something. Or at least try.  So when Aki and Lori set off on a church youth-group trip to a small Mexican town for the summer and Aki meets Christa—slightly older, far more experienced—it seems her theory is prime for the testing.  But it's not going to be easy. For one thing, how exactly do two girls have sex, anyway? And more important, how can you tell if you're in love? It's going to be a summer of testing theories—and the result may just be love.
Gay Bombay : globalization, love and (be)longing in contemporary India
The glass closet : why coming out is good business
Diaspora : an introduction
The third sex
The margins of the city : gay men's urban lives
Christology from the margins
When Cyd Zeigler started writing about LGBT sports issues in 1999, no one wanted to talk about them. Today, this is a central conversation in American society that reverberates throughout the sports world and beyond.  In Fair Play, Zeigler tells the story of how sports have transformed for LGBT athletes, diving into key moments and issues that have shaped sports for LGBT people today. He shares intimate behind-the-scenes details about various athletes and stories--including NFL Hall of Famer Michael Irvin, transgender MMA fighter Fallon Fox, and NFL hopeful Michael Sam, among others--along with contextual insights about elite sports, including the overhyped "distraction" myth surrounding gay athletes.
Textual orientations : lesbian and gay students and the making of discourse communities
Art and homosexuality : a history of ideas
Sex changes : transformations in society and psychoanalysis
Speak now : marriage equality on trial : the story of Hollingsworth v. Perry
Handbook of gender and sexuality in psychological assessment
Queering the gallery : in search of counter-normative curatorial strategies
Queering tourism : paradoxical performances at gay pride parades
Fleeing homophobia : sexual orientation, gender identity and asylum
Serving lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning teens : a how-to-do-it manual for librarians
Gay travels in the Muslim world
Discrimination of sexual and gender minorities in sports and exercise
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans health inequalities : international perspectives in social work
Promoting educational equity through teacher empowerment : web-assisted transformative action research as a counter-heteronormative praxis
Fair play : how LGBT athletes are claiming their rightful place in sports
Gaysia : adventures in the queer east
Dishonorable passions : sodomy laws in America 1861-2003
Queer looks : perspectives on lesbian and gay film and video
Gay soul : finding the heart of gay spirit and nature with sixteen writers, healers, teachers, and visionaries
Social work with lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people : making a difference
Allah made us : sexual outlaws in an Islamic African city
Social perspectives in lesbian and gay studies : a reader
Academic outlaws : queer theory and cultural studies in the academy
Gay semiotics
The bat
The abyss surrounds us
The celluloid closet : homosexuality in the movies
Lesbian pulp fiction : the sexually intrepid world of lesbian paperback novels 1950-1965
Heroic desire : lesbian identity and cultural space
Growing up before stonewall : life stories of some gay men
Diverse sexuality and schools : a reference handbook
More than forty years have passed since members of the LGBTQ community took to the streets of New York City on the first anniversary of the Stonewall Riots for the world s first march for gay rights. From its modest, though ambitious, beginnings, the annual event has grown into an all-encompassing celebration of queer culture, drawing more than a million people. It has also come to mean many things to many people. For some, Pride has become too commercial or irrelevant as queer culture has become mainstream. To others, the festivities should be less about the politics of the gay rights movement and more about a joyful celebration of what it means to be queer. With an introduction by the nationally known satirist and activist Kate Clinton and published in the wake of the historic U.S. Supreme Court decision on same-sex marriage, "Pride and Joy" is an ode to this New York institution. Energetic, colorful, and irreverent, these images are a playful confirmation of equality. Incorporating portraits of marchers and bystanders and leading figures in the LGTBQ community, these photographs revel in the rich diversity of the parade. Exquisitely presented, the book includes interviews with members of the queer community about their relationship to the march, offering a startling variety of responses to this integral part of New York life. "Pride and Joy" is an inspiration not only to the queer community but to all those still fighting for their basic human rights.
Sound
The first and only book of its kind, this cutting-edge and incredibly hysterical monologue book is specifically for actors auditioning for LGBTQ roles. LGBTQ Comedic Monologues That Are Actually Funny features works by LGBT writers and comics (and their allies) who have written and/or performed for Comedy Central, Backstage magazine, NBC, the Huffington Post, the Onion, Second City, E!, and many more. This collection is the go-to source for the comedic monologue needs of actors seeking LGBT material, as well as a paean to LGBT characters and artists.
Lesbian friendship : for ourselves and each other
Sex, love & homophobia : lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender lives
The mayor of Castro Street : the life and times of Harvey Milk
Together forever? : the gay guide to good relationships
Multicultural issues in counseling : new approaches to diversity
How do teens know if they are LGBT? -- What issues do LGBT teens have with coming out? -- What challenges do LGBT teens face? -- How can teens get help with LGBT issues?
Modern brides & modern grooms : a guide to planning straight, gay, and other nontraditional twenty-first-century weddings
Religious and sexual nationalisms in Central and Eastern Europe : gods, gays, and governments
Breaking down the walls of heartache : how music came out
Virtually normal : an argument about homosexuality
For lesbian parents : Your guide to helping your family grow up happy, healthy, and proud
"A genre-bending memoir, a work of 'autotheory' offering fresh, fierce, and timely thinking about desire, identity, and the limitations and possibilities of love and language. At its center is a romance: the story of the author's relationship with the artist Harry Dodge. This story, which includes the author's account of falling in love with Dodge, who is fluidly gendered, as well as her journey to and through a pregnancy, is an intimate portrayal of the complexities and joys of (queer) family-making"--Dust jacket flap.
Life outside : the Signorile report on gay men : sex, drugs, muscles, and the passages of life
"The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender offers a comprehensive examination of media and gender studies, charting its histories, investigating ongoing controversies, and assessing future trends.The 59 chapters in this volume, written by leading researchers from around the world, provide scholars and students with an engaging and authoritative survey of current thinking in media and gender research.The Companion includes the following features: With each chapter addressing a distinct, concrete set of issues, the volume includes research from around the world to engage readers in a broad array of global and transnational issues and intersectional perspectives.Authors address a series of important questions that have consequences for current and future thinking in the field, including postfeminism, sexual violence, masculinity, media industries, queer identities, video games, digital policy, media activism, sexualization, docusoaps, teen drama, cosmetic surgery, media Islamophobia, sport, telenovelas, news audiences, pornography, and social and mobile media.A range of academic disciplines inform exploration of key issues around production and policymaking, representation, audience engagement, and the place of gender in media studies.The Routledge Companion to Media and Gender is an essential guide to the central ideas, concepts and debates currently shaping media and gender research"--
Queer Prague : a guide to the LGBT history of the Czech capital, 1380-2000
The culture of desire : paradox and perversity in gay lives today
The sins of Scripture : exposing the Bible's texts of hate to reveal the God of love
I love Led Zeppelin : Panty-dropping comics
"The UK's Civil Partnership Act 2004 and the Marriage (Same-Sex) Act 2014 are important legal, social and historical landmarks. For, beyond their practical implications, same-sex relationship recognition throughout the western world has become a key site of political contestation rich in symbolic, material and cultural meanings. While fiercely opposed by many, within mainstream narratives they are often represented as a victory in a legal reform process that commenced with the decriminalisation of homosexuality. For others, however, they represent a problematic and ambivalent political engagement with the institution of marriage. These reforms, then, provide an invaluable opportunity to engage with issues that arguably affect everyone, regardless of sexual orientation or relationship status. This collection brings together leading scholars and commentators from a wide range of professions and disciplinary backgrounds to critically reflect on the first ten years of the Civil Partnership Act and the introduction of same-sex marriage: some providing a close reading of their judicial interpretation, and their media representation; some locating them within the context of British political history and the history of sexuality; and some exploring their wider implications for struggles around homosexuality within the Commonwealth. Marking the 10th anniversary of the first civil partnership ceremonies, and coinciding with the first same-sex marriages, this critical reflection on the first decade of same-sex relationship recognition provides a much needed foundation for encouraging and suggesting new ways of engaging with this reality"--
In Heroic Desire Sally Munt revisits identity politics through the figure of the lesbian hero. The result is one of the most exciting works of lesbian theory to appear in years. Written in a strong and engaging personal voice, Heroic Desire will excite, provoke, enlighten, and entertain the reader with this original insights into questions of lesbian identity, culture, and community.
Counseling multiracial families
EU LGBT survey : European Union lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender survey : main results
Queer theory arose as a challenge to the stability of sexual categories. But is queer theory in the 1990s in danger of becoming just another category of theoretical inquiry and just another academic discipline? As queer studies is being legitimated within American universities, what dangers and opportunities arise from the process of legitimation? The essays in The Gay '90s address these questions in two distinct ways. The first section of the book, "Disciplinary Reflections," reflects upon the process of disciplinary formation as it affects lesbian and gay studies in the academy, contrasting older academic disciplines with newer, identity-based areas of study. The second section, "Interdisciplinary Readings," demonstrates the extent to which contemporary queer studies involves practices of interdisciplinary reading and analysis.
Spartacus : international gay guide. 2003/2004
The marriage of likeness : same-sex unions in pre-modern Europe
Hyvinvoiva sateenkaarinuori -tutkimushanke : tulosten tiivistelmä : resultaten i sammandrag : summary of results
Cities and cinema
Inappropriate relationships : the unconventional, the disapproved & the forbidden
More than four decades after the start of the gay liberation movement, lesbians and gay men can legally marry, adopt children, and enjoy the same rights and respect as heterosexuals... or can they? In Straight expectations, Julie Bindel tracks the changes in the gay community in the last 40 years and asks whetehr fighting for the right to marry has achieved genuine progress, or whether the new legal rights have neutered a once-radical social movement. - Drawing on extensive original research into changing attitudes towards sexuality, as well as interviews with scientists examining the 'gay gene', gay liberation pioneers, religious figures and key players of all political persuasions, Straight expectations asks: Is sexual orientation learned or latent? Do lesbians and gay men have anything in common? Have we now reached a stage where the 'only gay in the village' mentality no longer has any place in UK society? What can we learn from the battles being fought internationally?
Top 250 LGBTQ books for teens : coming out, being out, and the search for community
The no-nonsense guide to sexual diversity
Fat activism : a radical social movement
New life styles, new barriers to break down : rainbow family tourism, service description and analysis
This book tells the stories of 11 American gay men who tried to make sense of their identities in the years before the modern gay movement began. In their own words, these men recollect fascinating accounts of what it was like negotiate their desires within a social and psychological context in which homosexuality was marginalized. The editors carefully situate the lifestories in US culture before Stonewall and skillfully raises the issues and problems in presenting such stories.
Ethnic and cultural diversity among lesbians and gay men
Sexual orientation discrimination : an international perspective
Forming identity in silence: personal narratives from Japan's LGB people
Midnight in the garden of good and evil : a Savannah story
Teens and LGBT issues
LGBT activism in urban China : online, underground or under construction?
Queer inclusion in teacher education : bridging theory, research, and practice
Kicked out
Because I have a voice : queer politics in India
Homintern : how gay culture liberated the modern world
Scholarly yet provocatively written, Academic Outlaws presents a discussion of how life in the academic world is experienced by gay men and lesbian women. Using a narrative style that mixes autobiography, case study data and fiction, William G. Tierney provides timely insight into the challenges gays and lesbians face in higher education and proposes an alternative process for redefining long-established cultural norms.
Universal human rights in theory and practice
Queer sites : gay urban histories since 1600
What is marriage for?
Bisexuality : the psychology and politics of an invisible minority
Getting it on online : cyberspace, gay male sexuality, and embodied identity
Gender : an ethnomethodological approach
God is not a Christian : speaking truth in times of crisis
Between a man and a woman? : why conservatives oppose same-sex marriage
Our worlds in our words : exploring race, class, gender, and sexual orientation in multicultural classes
Queer futures : reconsidering ethics, activism, and the political
The gay '90s : disciplinary and interdisciplinary formations in queer studies
From civil partnerships to same-sex marriage : interdisciplinary reflections
Becoming subjects : sexualities and secondary schooling
Activating theory : lesbian, gay, bisexual politics
Pride & joy : taking the streets of New York City
This book is gay
A chronicle of the modern struggle for gay, lesbian and transgender rights draws on interviews with politicians, military figures, legal activists and members of the LGBT community to document the cause's struggles since the 1950s.
The sexual revolution : toward a self-regulating character structure
Sexual identities and the media
The other side
Reproductive health in southern Africa : government policies and changes in sexual and reproductive health and rights : final report
Our own private universe
Situation of bisexual and homosexual persons in Poland : 2005 and 2006 report
Religion, gender and sexuality in everyday life
Lesbian and gay books and conference papers might be hot items these days, but lesbian and gay academics all over the country are still subjected to homophobic personal slights, harassment, and discrimination. How do they cope, and what kinds of actions can promote positive change? In "Poisoned Ivy", Toni A. H. McNaron tells her own story and reports on the experiences of some 300 lesbian and gay academics with at least fifteen years in their profession. McNaron, a lesbian who has spent thirty years teaching English at one institution, tells of her own painful steps toward coming out to colleagues and students. Recalling her terror of being identified as a lesbian, she describes how she awkwardly attempted to befriend other (probably closeted) faculty members and stifled class discussions that veered too close to the taboo topic of sexuality. Like McNaron, faculty from a wide range of disciplines, geographical regions, and institutions speak out about their long-term experiences in negotiating the difficult terrain of casual conversations with colleagues, departmental politics, and administration policies. Each had to carefully weigh the risks of coming out, and their stories dramatically underscore that no decision fits all situations. In stark contrast to accounts of being denied tenure or promotion are testimonies about the elation that comes from doing lesbian/gay scholarship or political work on campus, or mentoring students and junior faculty. As numerous personal testimonies make clear, the bad old days are far from over. Lesbian and gay individuals flourish in relatively few progressive departments and institutions; at others, they find ambivalent or inhospitable responses. Seeing the hard-won gains in civil liberties under siege all over the country, some lesbian and gay faculty wonder whether they were wise to come out; others are steadfast in their choice but not sanguine about the threat to their careers. "Poisoned Ivy" is an unsparing account of contemporary academic life.
Homophobia : how we all pay the price
Hatred in the hallways : violence and discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students in U.S. schools
From Invisibility to Twitter - Four Decades in the Lives of Japanese Lesbians
LGBTQ comedic monologues that are actually funny
Sexology in culture : labelling bodies and desires
The Routledge companion to media and gender
Summaries.
Gay & lesbian literature
Sport, sexualities and queer/theory
The argonauts
Bisexuality and same-sex marriage
Lesbian couples guide to planning a wedding : everything you need to know about planning your dream wedding
For Cassandra Leung, bossing around sea monsters is just the family business. She's been a Reckoner trainer-in-training ever since she could walk, raising the giant, genetically engineered beasts to defend ships as they cross the pirate-infested NeoPacific. But when the pirate queen Santa Elena swoops in on Cas's first solo mission and snatches her from the bloodstained decks, Cas's dream of being a full-time trainer seems dead in the water. Waiting for her on the pirate ship is an unhatched Reckoner pup. Santa Elena wants to take back the seas with a monster of her own, and she needs a proper trainer to do it. She orders Cas to raise the pup and teach him to fight for the pirates. If Cas fails, her blood will be the next to paint the sea.
The adventures of Priscilla, queen of the desert : original motion picture soundtrack
When men meet : homosexuality and modernity
