http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18275 music policy
music policy
Media policy and music activity
Music in Fascist Italy
Finnish Music Quarterly 2002:4 : Music, the Church's problem child
Music and politics : collected writings 1953-81
Composing the party line : music and politics in early cold war Poland and East Germany
In the fall of 1938, following Kristallnacht, the symphonic orchestra in Palestine cancelled the performance of Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg. No one could foresee that this would be the beginning of a never-ending boycott. The boycott began in a society struggling for its existence and collective identity; it continues in a well-established culture that maintains close ties with Germany and German culture, when numerous Israeli institutions are involved in commemorating the Holocaust. At present Wagner is known in Israel mainly as a symbol of the Holocaust. From the late twentieth-century Wagner is the only composer who aroused strong opposition when attempts were made to publicly play his music. Analysis of this controversy sheds light on the changes that have taken place in Israel - from a pioneering to a traditional society, and from a socialist to a capitalistic one. In the Wagner Year The Ring of Myths appears in a revised edition, including interpretations from new perspectives on the place of the Holocaust in Israeli society and the processes of change until 2012.
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the fourth annual conference of the Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
On the art of opera : talk to creative workers in the Field of Art and Literature, September 4-6, 1974
Rock and popular music : politics, policies, institutions
Hanns Eisler political musician
Opera for the people
Music and Soviet power : 1917-1932
Music in the dialogue of cultures : traditional music and cultural policy
Classics for the masses : shaping Soviet musical identity under Lenin and Stalin
Composing for the state : music in twentieth-century dictatorships
The Soviet proletarian music movement
Multiple meaning : Techno: an artistic and political laboratory of the present
Kwaito's promise : music and the aesthetics of freedom in South Africa
The resisting muse : popular music and social protest
Music, theatre and politics in Germany : 1848 to the Third Reich
The ring of myths : the Israelis, Wagner and the Nazis
Music and power : proceedings of the 5th International Congress of Hungarian Studies, Music Symposium 9th & 10th August 2001
Composer, performer, public : A study in communication
The music business
The fierce urgency of now : improvisation, rights, and the ethics of cocreation
Taking part in music : case studies in ethnomusicology
Socialist realism in the opera house : Ivan Dzerhinskii's opera Tikhii Don
Rebel rock : the politics of popular music
"In mid-1990s South Africa, apartheid ended, Nelson Mandela was elected president, and the country's urban black youth developed kwaito&#x2014;a form of electronic music (redolent of North American house) that came to represent the post-struggle generation. In this book, Gavin Steingo examines kwaito as it has developed alongside the democratization of South Africa over the past two decades. Tracking the fall of South African hope into the disenchantment that often characterizes the outlook of its youth today - who face high unemployment, extreme inequality, and widespread crime&#x2014;Steingo looks to kwaito as a powerful tool that paradoxically engages South Africa&#x2019;s crucial social and political problems by, in fact, seeming to ignore them. Politicians and cultural critics have long criticized kwaito for failing to provide any meaningful contribution to a society that desperately needs direction. As Steingo shows, however, these criticisms are built on problematic assumptions about the political function of music. Interacting with kwaito artists and fans, he shows that youth aren&#x2019;t escaping their social condition through kwaito but rather using it to expand their sensory realities and generate new possibilities. Resisting the truism that "music is always political," Steingo elucidates a music that thrives on its its radically ambiguous relationship with politics, power, and the state"--Publisher's website.
Aspects of musical life and music education in Finland
Liberation music : spiritual jazz and the art of protest on Flying Dutchman Records 1968-1974
Special issue : the philosophy of music
The spirit of Utopia
Popular music and the state in the UK : culture, trade or industry?
The problem of the modern and tradition : early Soviet musical culture and the musicological theory of Boris Asafiev (1884–1949)
Beating time
Composers speak out
Rednecks & bluenecks : the politics of country music
Music and the play of power in the Middle East, North Africa and Central Asia
The last Party : Britpop, Blair and the demise of English rock
Performing the nation : Swahili music and cultural politics in Tanzania
Roosevelt's blues : African-American blues and gospel artists on president Franklin D. Roosevelt
Paying the piper : culture, music and money
The origins and foundations of music education : cross-cultural historical studies of music in compulsory schooling
Creative life : music, politics, people, and machines
Rationalizing Lithuanian contemporary music field : institutional processes in the five music festivals during the first decade of independence
Listellany : a miscellany of very British top tens, from politics to pop
Pop grenade : from Public Enemy to Pussy Riot : dispatches from musical frontlines
Popular music studies in seven acts : conference proceedings of the Fourth Annual Conference of Finnish Society for Ethnomusicology (1995)
Music in the mix : the story of South African popular music
Luigi Dallapiccola and musical modernism in Fascist Italy
Socialist realism instead of formalism : the formation and development of the Soviet music control system 1932-1950
Music breaks in : essays on music radio and radio music in Finland
Sober living for the revolution : hardcore punk, straight edge, and radical politics
Towards a twenty-first-century feminist politics of music
State composers and the red courtiers : music, ideology, and politics in the Soviet 1930s
Popular music in theory : an introduction
The American Symphony Orchestra : A Social History of Musical Taste
The twisted muse : musicians and their music in the Third Reich
V. Nemzetközi Hungarológiai Kongresszus : Jyväskylä, Finnország 2001. augusztus 6-10. : tudományos program = The 5th International Congress of Hungarian Studies : academic program
Under the dictatorships of the twentieth century, music never ceased to sound. Even when they did not impose aesthetic standards, these regimes tended to favour certain kinds of art music such as occasional works for commemorations or celebrations, symphonic poems, cantatas and choral settings. In the same way, composers who were more or less ideologically close to the regime wrote pieces of music on their own initiative, which amounted to a support of the political order. This book presents ten studies focusing on music inspired and promoted by regimes such as Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, France under Vichy, the USSR and its satellites, Franco's Spain, Salazar's Portugal, Maoist China, and Latin-American dictatorships. By discussing the musical works themselves, whether they were conceived as ways to provide "music for the people", to personally honour the dictator, or to participate in State commemorations of glorious historical events, the book examines the relationship between the composers and the State. This important volume, therefore, addresses theoretical issues long neglected by both musicologists and historians: What is the relationship between art music and propaganda? How did composers participate in musical life under the control of an authoritarian State? What was specifically political in the works produced in these contexts? How did audiences react to them? Can we speak confidently about "State music"? In this way, Composing for the State: Music in Twentieth Century Dictatorships is an essential contribution to our understanding of musical cultures of the twentieth century, as well as the symbolic policies of dictatorial regimes.
Music in the information society : final report
Beale Street dynasty : sex, song, and the struggle for the soul of Memphis
Dangerous crossroads : popular music, postmodernism and the poetics of place
Rockonomics : the money behind the music
Policing pop
Music and the politics of culture
The artist as citizen
Soviet composers and the development of Soviet music
Music and monumentality : commemoration and wonderment in nineteenth-century Germany
Reverberations of dissent : identity and expression in Iran's illegal music scene
War, exile and the music of Afghanistan : the ethnographer's tale
Soundscapes : exploring music in a changing world
Words will break cement : the passion of Pussy Riot
Music and propaganda in the short twentieth century
The significance of Rimsky-Korsakov in the development of a Russian national identity
Radio to start music reviews : Helena Hiilivirta eager to put punch into Channel 1 journalism
The no-nonsense guide to world music
Sounds of change : social and political features of music in Africa
Gender, politics, and performance in South Asia
Hatalom és kultúra : plenáris előadások & kerekasztal vitaindítók = Power and culture : plenary sessions & round-table introductions
The social and applied psychology of music
Soviet music and society under Lenin and Stalin : the baton and sickle
Science, technology and innovation policy review : Jamaica
Popular music industries and the state : policy notes
Ghosts of my life : writings on depression, hauntology and lost futures
A few weeks after the reunification of Germany, Leonard Bernstein raised his baton above the ruins of the Berlin Wall and conducted a special arrangement of Beethoven's ninth symphony. The central statement of the work, that "all men will be brothers," captured the sentiment of those who saw a brighter future for the newly reunited nation. This now-iconic performance is a palpable example of "musical monumentality" - a significant concept which underlies our cultural and ideological understanding of Western art music since the nineteenth-century. Although the concept was first raised in the earliest years of musicological study in the 1930s, a satisfying exploration of the "monumental" in music has not yet been made. Alexander Rehding, one of the brightest young stars in the field, takes on the task in Music and monumentality, an elegant, thorough treatment that will serve as a foundation for all future discussion in this area.
Music, politics, and war : views from Croatia
Parallels and paradoxes : explorations in music and society
Music, culture, and the library : an analysis of discourses
Beethoven's Ninth : a political history
Film theory and philosophy
Companion to contemporary musical thought. Volume 2
When the Music's Over : The Story of Political Pop
Music and politics
Presents a fresh way of thinking about the absence of women's music. This title encourages us, with the assistance of Deleuze, and feminist-Deleuzian work, to begin the important work of imagining what else might be possible, not in order to provide answers but to open up the as yet unknown.
Evaluating music policy : applying ethnomusical frame of reference to the study of a "political system directing the production of music"
Understanding popular music
Pianos and politics in China : middle-class ambitions and the struggle over western music
The political force of musical beauty
