http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18325 homicide offenders
homicide offenders murderers killers
The one I left behind
A dead body has been found on board, and all passengers seem to have an alibi. Luckily there are several professionals on board willing to help, but can you trust them? By asking clever questions and using deductive reasoning you just might manage to expose the missing alibi and identify the murderer
The Chelsea murders
Alice in the Country of Clover : My Fanatic Rabbit. 2
He's a serial killer. A murderer of young women, all killed in brutal attacks. But despite Hamish Wolfe's conviction, he's always stuck to his story--he's innocent and he's been wrongly imprisoned. And now he wants someone to investigate and, more importantly, to write his story. Maggie Rose is a notorious defense attorney and writer whose specialty is getting convictions overturned. At first, Maggie is reluctant to even acknowledge Hamish's requests to meet, ignoring his letters. But this is a very charismatic and persuasive man, good-looking and intelligent. Eventually even she can't resist his lure...
Royal assassin Celaena must travel to a new land to confront a truth about her heritage, while brutal and monstrous forces are gathering on the horizon, intent on enslaving her world.
Keeper of the bride
Gunslinger girl. Omnibus collection 6. Vol. 13-14
Skin and bones
Men of blood : murder in modern England
Alice in the country of Clover : Marchs Hare
I hear the sirens in the street
The killing kind
No rest for the wicked
Queen of shadows
Winter house
Secret in their eyes
Victim without a face
After Gin's family was murdered by a Fire elemental when she was thirteen, she lived on the streets and eventually became an assassin to survive. Now, Gin is given an assignment by her handler to rub out an Ashland businessman, but it turns out to be a trap. After Gin's handler is brutally murdered, she teams up with the sexy detective investigating the case to figure out who double-crossed her and why.
The outlander
In cold blood : The classic study of crime and punishment
Perfume : the story of a murderer
The killing
Acts of violence
The regional office is under attack!
The last time I saw her : a novel
The heart of Betrayal
Mortal heart
The increment
Under wraps
Jack Glass : a golden age story
Focussing upon deaf people who have been murder victims, 15 stories from all over the world here include the killing of the Deaf son of Australia's biggest drugs baron, several gang-related murders in the USA and Mafia killings of Deaf people in Russia. The book also features reports on the unique murder at the Deaf and Dumb Institute in Hull, England and one of Ireland's biggest murder trials of recent years.
Grave dance : an Alex Craft novel
A sexual sadist, he took pleasure in torture and murder. His first victims were a teenage couple, stalked and shot dead in a lovers' lane. After another slaying, he sent his first mocking note to authorities, promising he would kill more. The official tally of his victims was six. He claimed thirty-seven dead. The real toll may have reached fifty.  Robert Graysmith was on staff at the The San Francisco Chronicle in 1968 when Zodiac first struck, triggering in the resolute reporter an unrelenting obsession with seeing the hooded killer brought to justice. In this gripping account of Zodiac's eleven-month reign of terror, Graysmith reveals hundreds of facts previously unreleased, including the complete text of the killer's letters.
The kiss of deception
Heir of fire
The informant
Stray toasters
Dexter is delicious
Heart of venom
Toxic : a Pretty little liars novel
Child of God
Lethal repetition : serial killing in European cinema
Gin Blanco is the most feared assassin in the South. She's retired now but trouble still has a way of finding her. Two men barrage her restaurant trying to kill Violet Fox, someone Gin agreed to help in dealing with an evil coal-mining tycoon.
The devil's edge
Neverwhere
The murder of an angel
Murder as a fine art
Aiding and abetting : a novel
Gunslinger girl. Omnibus collection 3. Vol. 7-8
Very British murder : the story of a national obsession
Assassin's creed. [Volume 1], Trial by fire
The Boston strangler
The fugitive
Throne of glass
Hour of the wolf : an inspector Van Weeteren mystery
Gunslinger girl. Omnibus collection 4. Vol. 9-10
The ice queen : a novel
House of psychotic women : an autobiographical topography of female neurosis in horror and exploitation films
Donovan creed two up 5-6
Why we love serial killers : the curious appeal of the world's most savage murderers
The bat
Midnight caller
The history of Australian true crime : true-life stories of greed, obsession, drugs and murder
I hired a contract killer
Handsome brute : the true story of a ladykiller
Twisted
By a thread
New York to Dallas
Grave memory
Split second
Hack/slash : my first maniac
Field of prey
Murder houses of London
The final girls
She must have known
Naming Jack the Ripper : new crime scene evidence, a stunning forensic breakthrough, the killer revealed
A treasury of Victorian murder compendium. II
Alice in the Country of Clover : My Fanatic Rabbit. 1
The murder of Harriet Krohn
Now You see me
Crime beat : true stories of cops and killers
True story : murder, memoir, mea culpa
Under suspicion
Professional killers
Assassins's creed. 1, Trial by fire
Under the gun
Edge of midnight
Documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae. A brutal triple murder in a remote northwestern crofting community in 1869 leads to the arrest of a young man by the name of Roderick Macrae. There's no question that Macrae is guilty, but the police and courts must uncover what drove him to murder the local village constable. And who were the other two victims? Ultimately, Macrae's fate hinges on one key question: is he insane? A story ingeniously recounted through the accused's memoir, trial transcripts and newspaper reports, His Bloody Project is a riveting literary thriller that will appeal to fans of Hannah Kent's Burial Rites.
The race
Donovan creed two up 3-4
Perhaps her darkest and most chilling novel, it features a remorseless serial killer who leaves no trace of his crimes. Once again breaking the rules and establishing new paths, Grafton wastes little time identifying this sociopath. The test is whether Kinsey can prove her case against him before she becomes his next victim.
The convictions of John Delahunt
You
Spider's trap
Stalin's hammer : Rome
Dead men walking : true stories of the most evil men an women on Death Row
The meaning of night : a confession
The piper's sons
Hack/slash omnibus vol. 1
Assassin's creed. Templars. [Book 1]
Double Dexter : a novel
Midnight fear
Female homicide offenders have greatly increased mortality from unnatural deaths
Deadly sting
I am your judge : a novel
Butterfly palace
Black night in red square : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
"It's hard to be a bad assassassin when a giant is beating the crap out of you. Luckily, I never let pride get in the way of my work. My current mission is personal: annihilate Mab Monroe, the Fire elemental who murdered my family. Which means protecting my identity, even if I have to conceal my powerful Stone and Ice magic when I need it most. To the public, I'm Gin Blanco, owner of Ashland's best barbecue joint. To my friends, I'm the Spider, retired assassin. I still do favors on the side. Like ridding a vampire friend of her oversize stalker--Mab's right-hand goon who almost got me dead with his massive fists. At least irresistible Owen Grayson is on my side. The man knows too much about me, but I'll take my chances. Then there's Detective Bria Coolidge, one of Ashland's finest. Until recently, I thought my baby sister was dead. She probably thinks the same about me. Little does she know, I'm a cold-blooded killer...who is about to save her life."--P. [4] of cover.
Gunslinger girl. Omnibus collection 5. Vol. 11-12
Tangled threads
The other half lives
Deadly charm : the story of a deaf serial killer
Women who kill : profiles of female serial killers
The cutting
Deadly duos : partners in crime and their addiction to murder
Native son
Touch the devil
His bloody project : documents relating to the case of Roderick Macrae : a novel
The spectacular finale to the New York Times bestselling trilogy that began with Mr. Mercedes (winner of the Edgar Award) and Finders Keepers--In End of Watch, the diabolical "Mercedes Killer" drives his enemies to suicide, and if Bill Hodges and Holly Gibney don't figure out a way to stop him, they'll be victims themselves. In Room 217 of the Lakes Region Traumatic Brain Injury Clinic, something has awakened. Something evil. Brady Hartsfield, perpetrator of the Mercedes Massacre, where eight people were killed and many more were badly injured, has been in the clinic for five years, in a vegetative state. According to his doctors, anything approaching a complete recovery is unlikely. But behind the drool and stare, Brady is awake, and in possession of deadly new powers that allow him to wreak unimaginable havoc without ever leaving his hospital room. Retired police detective Bill Hodges, the unlikely hero of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers, now runs an investigation agency with his partner, Holly Gibney--the woman who delivered the blow to Hartsfield's head that put him on the brain injury ward. When Bill and Holly are called to a suicide scene with ties to the Mercedes Massacre, they find themselves pulled into their most dangerous case yet, one that will put their lives at risk, as well as those of Bill's heroic young friend Jerome Robinson and his teenage sister, Barbara. Brady Hartsfield is back, and planning revenge not just on Hodges and his friends, but on an entire city.  In End of Watch, Stephen King brings the Hodges trilogy to a sublimely terrifying conclusion, combining the detective fiction of Mr. Mercedes and Finders Keepers with the heart-pounding, supernatural suspense that has been his bestselling trademark. The result is an unnerving look at human vulnerability and chilling suspense. No one does it better than King.
The waking dark
The sixty greatest conspiracies of all time : history's biggest mysteries, coverups, and cabals
The child who
The diabolical Miss Hyde
The butchers of berlin
Web of lies
Sisters of blood and spirit
"Everyone Celaena Sardothien loves has been taken from her. Embracing her identity as Aelin Galathynius, Queen of Terrasen, Celaena returns to the empire--for vengeance, to rescue her once-glorious kingdom, and to confront the shadows of her past"--
A treasury of Victorian murder compendium. [Vol. 1]
The dead student
The Bane chronicles
TRUE CRIME. Although it's hard to believe now, Rose West was an exceptionally beautiful little girl with long, glossy dark hair and big brown eyes. Strangers would stop and stare at her in the street and she could entrance people from an early age. Looking at photos of young Rosie as a child, it is almost impossible to comprehend that she would grow up to become one of Britain's most notorious female murderers.What happened to that little girl to make her capable of such violence? Or was there something wrong - a predisposition to cruelty - which she was born with? Crime writer Jane Carter Woodrow goes back to the start of Rose's life to piece together what it was that turned her into a monster. In doing so, she presents us with a profile of the young Rose West and a fascinating insight into the mind of a killer.Rose's early life made her the perfect partner for Fred West when they met just before her sixteenth birthday.
The mermaids singing
Cold granite
The monarch : a thriller
The life I left behind
Death sworn
Night rounds
The house of smoke
The priest of evil
End of watch : a novel
Daisy in chains
The secret poisoner : a century of murder
Into the dark
One of your own : the life and death of Myra Hindley
After her : a novel
Murder most rare : the female serial killer
The Borden tragedy : a memoir of the infamous double murder at Fall River, Mass., 1892
Deviant : the story of Ed Gein, the original Psycho
Donovan creed two up 7-8
Grave Mercy
Whispers
"Murder by poison alarmed, enthralled, and in many ways encapsulated the Victorian age. Linda Stratmann's dark and splendid social history reveals the nineteenth century as a gruesome battleground where poisoners went head-to-head with authorities who strove to detect poisons, control their availability, and bring the guilty to justice. She corrects many misconceptions about particular poisons and documents how the evolution of issues such as marital rights and the legal protection of children impacted poisonings. Combining archival research with a novelist's eye, Stratmann charts the era's inexorable rise of poison cases both shocking and sad"--
The dangerous husband : a novel
A cold red sunrise : an Inspector Porfiry Rostnikov mystery
My friend Dahmer : a graphic novel
Of men and monsters : Jeffrey Dahmer and the construction of the serial killer
Brother : a novel
The Dead Sea deception
When Rachel marries dark, handsome David, everything seems to fall into place. Swept from single parenthood to the beautiful Carnhallow House in Cornwall, she gains wealth, love, and even a new brother for her daughter, Millie. But then her stepson Jamie makes a chilling prediction, and Rachel's perfect life begins to unravel. Haunted by the spectre of David's late wife - Jamie's real mother - Rachel finds herself drawn to the deserted mines where she plunged to her death, three years prior. As Rachel starts digging into the past, she begins to grow suspicious of her husband. Why is he so reluctant to discuss Jamie's behaviour? And what exactly happened to cause his ex-wife's untimely suicide? With December looming, Rachel begins to fear there might be truth in Jamie's words: 'You will die at Christmas'
Donovan creed two up 1-2
The prisoner of heaven
Beneath the bleeding : a novel
The fire child
The stranger you know
Library of the dead
Myth of martyrdom : what really drives suicide bombers, rampage shooters, and other self-destructive killers
Two gruesome murders have shocked the Swedish town of Helsingborg. The first victim, a thug who liked using his fists, died with his hands sawn off. His sidekick, a fan of steel-capped boots, was crushed to death feet-first. Both men were bullies in the same class at school. Is someone serving justice after thirty years? The killer leaves no trace behind. But for lead investigator Fabian Risk, the lack of forensic evidence is not the only problem. He too was a student in that class--which makes him both a potential victim and a potential suspect... Full of unremitting suspense and unexpected twists, Stefan Ahnhem's Victim Without a Face is a sensational thriller from a superb debut storyteller. -
High heat : a Jack Reacher novella
Murder in Mississippi : the true story of how I met a white supremacist, befriended his black killer and wrote this book
Gunslinger girl. Omnibus collection 2. Vol. 4-6
Manson : the life and times of Charles Manson
The Murder Complex
The facts of life and death
Let the devil sleep
X is for..
From the deaf crime series, this takes a look at a number of famous cases from Britain, Europe, Australia and the USA. Many of the cases caused considerable headaches to the various legal systems due to the sign language interpretation requirements. One case led to a review of procedures for treatment of mentally-ill patients in community care provision.
Death around the green
You could do something amazing with your life (you are Raoul Moat)
