http://www.yso.fi/onto/yso/p18318 conservation
conservation
Preserving a heritage
Science for conservators. Book 1, An introduction to materials
Conservation and restoration of pictorial art / edited by Norman Brommelle and Perry Smith
Conservation of clocks and watches
SFT Jubilee Conference 1st-4th September 1997 : Silk - different aspects
The chemistry of the Vasa : iron, acids and degradation
The conservator as an investigator
Situation and problems of the training of restorers
ICOM news
Conservation of cultural heritage, Glossary of technical terms concerning mortars for masonry, renders and plasters used in cultural heritage
The conservation of antiquities and works of art : treatment, repair, and restoration / H. J. Plenderleith, A. E. A. Werner
The nature of conservation : a race against time / Philip Ward
Canadian Association for Conservation of Cultural Property : twenty-sixth annual conference, Ottawa, May 14-17, 2000 : conference abstracts = Association Canadienne pour la Conservation et la Restauration des Biens Culturels : vingt-sixième congrès annuel
Canadian Association for Conservation of Cultural Property : twenty-seventh annual conference, Halifax, May 11-13, 2001 : conference abstracts = Association Canadienne pour la Conservation et la Restauration des Biens Culturels : vingt-septième congrès an
[Clear head, steady hand : Netherlands Institute for Cultural Heritage Education Department Publication 2005] / [commisioned by: Frans Grijzenhout]
Conservation of building and decorative stone. Vol. 2, 1990
The preservation of the Wasa
Non-destructive field tests in stone conservation : field and laboratory tests
En översikt av behandlingsmetoder för bemålat barktyg = A summary of treatments of painted barkcloth
Catalog Croatian Institute for Restoration exhibition held on the occasion of the 5th Triennial Meeting of the International Committee for Conservation ICOM in Zagreb from 1-8 October 1978
Archaeological conservation using polymers : practical applications for organic artifact stabilization
Recent advances in conservation : contributions to the IIC [International Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works] Rome conference, 1961 / edited by G. Thomson
Modern art:, who cares? : an interdisciplinary research project and an international symposium on the conservation of modern and contemporary art
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines for design of showcases for exhibition and preservation of objects. part 1, general requirements
Recording, documentation, and information management for the conservation of heritage places : guiding principles
Historical perspectives on preventive conservation
Cleaning safely with a laser in artwork conservation : COST
Conservation of cultural heritage, Surface protection for porous inorganic materials : laboratory test methods for the evaluation of the performance of water repellent products
Journal of the Institute of Conservation
Scientific investigations of works of art / Marco Ferretti
Abstracts : 34th conference and workshop : Montréal 2008 : Canadian Association for Conservation conference, May 30 - June 5, 2008 = Résumés : 34e congrés et atelier : Montréal 2008 : Association Canadienne pour la Conservation et la Restauration, 30 mai  / CAC-ACCR
Handle with care : preserving your heirlooms
Antiques : their restoration and preservation
HMS Victory : classic ships no 1 : their history and how to model them
Studying 18th-century paintings and works of art on paper : CATS proceedings, II, 2014
National Gallery technical bulletin
Study of artworks by using non-invasive UV-Vis-IR spectroscopic and THz-TDS imaging techniques / Marcello Picollo
Journal of the International Institute for Conservation, Canadian Group
Symposium on ethnographic and water-logged leather : 9, 10, 11 June 1986 Amsterdam - Netherlands
Architecture in conservation : managing development at historic sites
Conservation of cultural heritage, Transport methods
Restoring oil paintings : a practical guide
Metal 2013 Edinburgh, Scotland : 16th-20th September 2013 : interim meeting of the ICOM-CC Metal Working Group, conference proceedings
Evaluation of cellulose ethers for conservation
The nature of conservation : a race against time
Furniture restoration : a professional at work
Printed on paper : the techniques, history and conservation of printed media : 5-7 September 2007, the Sage Gateshead, UK : conference handbook / presented by Northumbria University and the American Institute for Conservation of Histroc and Artistic Works
Stabilization processing : Multi-Organizational Co-Operative Project for Preserving and Restoring Cultural Assets Damaged by Tsunami on March 11th, 2011
Abstracts Ottawa '97 : 23rd Annual Conference of the Canadian Association for Conservation of Cultural Property, Ottawa, May 30 - June 1, 1997 = Résumes Ottawa '97 : 23e Congrès annuel de l'Association candienne pour la conservation et la restauration des
Conservation without limits : IIC Nordic Group XV Congress : August 23.-26. 2000, Helsinki, Finland :  preprints / [editor: Riitta Koskivirta]
The static restoration of monuments : basic criteria-case histories, strengthening of buildings damaged by earthquakes
Survey of the legal and professional responsabilities of the conservator-restorers as regard the other parties involved in the preservation and conservation of cultural heritage = étude des responsabilitiés légales et professionelles des conservateurs-res / apel = acteurs du patrimoine européen et législation
Incredible industry : preserving the evidence of industrial society : Nordic Association of Conservators 18' Conference, May 2009 Denmark : conference proceedings / edited by Morten Ryhl-Svendsen, Karen Borchersen and Winnie Odder
Transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramic and Glass Conservation Group meeting held at Millbank Towers on 9 November 1991.
Leather conservation : a current survey
Archaeological conservation and its consequences : IIC preprints of the contributions to the Copenhagen Congress, 26-30 August 1996
Conservation of cultural heritage, Integrated pest management (IPM) for protection of cultural heritage
Canadian Association for Conservation of Cultural  Property : 30th conference & workshop : Québec May 26 - 30, 2004 : abstracts = Association canadienne pour la conservation et la restauration des biens culturels : 30e Congrès et atelier : Québec 20 au 30
Asian sacred natural sites : philosophy and practice in protected areas and conservation
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines to characterize natural stone used in cultural heritage
Theory and practice in conservation : international seminar
Proceedings of the 12th ICOM-CC working group on wet organic archaeological materials conference
Conservation of iron objects found in a salty environments
Laureates 2016 : European Union Prize for Cultural Heritage : Europa Nostra awards
Authenticity in transition : changing practices in art making and conservation : proceedings of the international conference held at the University of Glasgow, 1-2 December 2014
The picture restorer
Conservation and access : contributions to the London Congress, 15-19 September 2008 / edited by David Saunders, Joyce H. Townsend and Sally Woodcock
"Brooklyn Wainwright is a skilled surgeon. Sure, her patients might smell like mold and have spines made of leather, but no ailing book is going to die on her watch. The same can't be said of Abraham Karastovsky, Brooklyn's friend and former employer. On the eve of the celebration for his latest book restoration, Brooklyn finds her mentor lying a pool of his own blood. With his final breath, Abraham leaves Brooklyn a cryptic message, 'Remember the devil,' and smiles as she takes possession of his priceless, and supposedly cursed, copy of Goethe's Faust .... "--p. [4] of cover.
Conservation concerns : a guide for collectors and curators / Konstanze Bachmann, editor
The restauration of painting / Knut Nicolaus ; editor: Christne Westphal
Painting conservation catalog : volume 1 : varnishes and surface coatings / Wendy Samet, compiler ; the Paintings Specialty Group of the American Institute for Conservation
Krakowska szkoła konserwacji w programie Tempus = Cracow's School of Conservation in the Tempus Programme = Krakauer Konservierungsschule im Tempus-Programm
ICOM Committee for Conservation, 6th Triennial Meeting, Ottawa, 21-25 September 1981 : preprints
Adhesives and consolidants : preprints of the contributions to the Paris congress, 2-8 Sept. 1984
Conservation of cultural heritage. Guidelines for the management of waterlogged wood on an archaeological terrestrial sites
Welterbe Zollverein : Neuanfang, Wachstum, Perspektiven = World heritage : new beginning, growth, prospects
11tn Triennial Meeting, Edinburgh, Scotland, 1-6- September 1996 : preprints : 1-2 / ICOM Committee for Conservation
1964 Delft Conference on the Conservation of Textiles : collected preprints
Odsalanie kamiennych obiektów zabytkowych : metoda elektrodializy membranowej = The desalting of stone historic objects : by means of membrane electrodialysis
Benefits of non-destructive analytical techniques for conservation : papers from a COST Action G8 workshop held in Kalkara, Malta, on 8 January 2004
Homicide in hardcover
Futuro no. 001 : Documentation and evaluation of preservation need
"Over the last decade the technique of X-ray fluorescence has evolved from dependence on laboratory-based standalone units to field use of portable and lightweight handheld devices. These portable instruments have given researchers in art conservation and archaeology the opportunity to study a broad range of materials with greater accessibility and flexibility than ever before. In addition, the low relative cost of handheld XRF has led many museums, academic institutions, and cultural centres to invest in the devices for routine materials analysis purposes. Although these instruments often greatly simplify data collection, proper selection of analysis conditions and interpretation of the data still require an understanding of the principles of x-ray spectroscopy. These instruments are often marketed and used as 'point and shoot' solutions; however, their inexpert use can easily generate deceptive or erroneous results"--P. [4] of cover.
Purloined, damaged, recovered, restored : Vermeer's The Letter
Estrategias relativas al patrimonio cultural mundial : la salvaguardia en un mundo globalizado : principios, prácticas y perspectivas = Strategies for he world's cultural heritage : preservation in a globalised world : principles, practices, perspectives = Stratégies pour le patrimoine culturel du monde : la conservation dans un monde globalisé : principes, pratiques, perspectives
Ours for keeps? : a resource pack for raising awareness of conservation an collections care / Great Britain. Museums and Galleries Commission
The interface between science and conservation / edited by Susan Bradley
Conservation of cultural heritage, Extraction and determination of soluble salts in natural stone and related materials used in and from cultural heritage
The conservation of antiquities and works of art : treatment, repair and restoration
The architectural heritage : local authorities and the policy of integrated conservation
Scientific examination of art : modern techniques in conservation and analysis
Science for conservators. Book 2, Cleaning
Art objects : their care and preservation : a handbook for museums and collectors
Conservation today : papers presented at the UKIC 30th Anniversary Conference 1988
Cultural heritage in Asia and the Pacific: conservation and policy : Proceedings of a symposium held in Honolulu, Hawaii, september 8-13, 1991.
Reviews in conservation
"The papers in this volume were presented at the Icon Publishing Group conference _Appearance and Reality: Examining Colour Change in Paintings_ which attempted to present an overview of the current state of research related to colour change in paintings, ranging from Old Masters to modern art. The contributors addressed not only analytical investigation into changes in painting materials, but also methods of assessing colour change, lighting paintings, alternative methods of display, and different approaches to the restoration of paintings whose colour and tonality have shifted."--Back cover.
Metallrestaurierung : Internationale Tagung zur Metallrestaurierung ... München 23.-25. Oktober 1997 = Metal restoration : International Conference on Metal Restoration ..
Problems of completion, ethics and scientifical investigation in the restoration
Analytical archaeometry : selected topics / edited by Howell Edwards, Peter Vandenabeele
Sanatorium Zonnestraal : history and restoration of a modern monument
12th Triennial Meeting, Lyon, 29 August - 3 September 1999 : preprints / ICOM Committee for Coservation ; [editor: Janet Bridgland]
Deacidification Projection in Paper Conservation : Tekes projekti 40437/98 = Paperien neutraloimisprosessien tutkimus
Dust, dirt and debris : transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramics and Glass Conservation Group Meetings, West Dean College 25-27 April 1997
A history of architectural conservation
The conservation of Cave 85 at the Mogao Grottoes, Dunhuang : a collaborative project of the Getty Conservation Institute and the Dunhuang Academy
Solubility and solvents for conservation problems
Shared experiences : transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramics and Glass Conservation Group Meetings
Exhibitions and conservation : pre-prints of the conference held at The Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh, 21st-22nd April 1994
Facing the challenges of panel paintings conservation : trends, treatments, and training : proceedings from the symposium Facing the Challenges of Panel Paintings Conservation : Trends, Treatments, and Training organized by the Getty Conservation Institute, the Getty Foundation, and the J. Paul Getty Museum : The Getty Center, Los Angeles, May 17-18, 2009
Bookbinding and the conservation of books : a dictionary of descriptive terminology
Seeking balance : preservation, use conservation : the 10th Baltic states triennal restorers' : posters Riga 2014 = Lı̄dzsvaru meklējot : saglabāšana, izmantošana, restaurācija : 10. baltijas valstu restauratoru triennāles : stenda referātu krājums Rı̄ga, 2014
The Red Monastery church : beauty and asceticism in upper Egypt
Handheld XRF for art and archaeology
Conservation of cultural heritage, Cleaning porous inorganic materials : laser cleaning techniques for cultural heritage
Studies in Conservation
Centro Nordico del restauro a Firenze = The Nordic centre for restauration in Florence 1967-70 : a summary on the 50th anniversary of the flood of Florence
Conservation turn-return to conservation : tolerance for change, limits of change : proceedings of the International Conferences of the ICOMOS, International Scientific Commitee for the Theory and the Philosophy of Conservation and Restoration : 5-9 May 2010, Prague, Cesky Krumlov, Czech Republic, 3-6 March 2011, Florence, Italy
Conservation - wise guide
ICOM : 6th triennial meeting Ottawa 1981 : preprints : vol I, II, III, IV
13 th triennial meeting in Rio de Janeiro 22-27 September 2002 : preprints : 1-2 /  ICOM Committee for Conservation ; [editor: Roy Vontobel]
Kohti eurooppalaista ennalta ehkäisevän konservoinnin strategiaa : Hyväksytty Vantaan kokouksessa 21.-22.9.2000 = Towards a European preventive conservation strategy. Adopted at the Vantaa meeting september 21-22, 2000.
Maritime heritage
HMS Victory : her construction, career and restoration
Vessel glass, stoneware, air systems, cleaning agents : West Dean Conference, 17th May 1992.
ICOM Committee for Conservation, 6th Triennial Meeting : Ottawa, Canada 1981 : Working group: textiles
Back to basics : transcripts of lectures given at the Ceramics and Glass Conservation Group Meetings
Studies in conservation
16th triennial conference, Lisbon, 19-23 september 2011 : Abstracts / [managing editor Janet Bridgland]
The analysis of pigments and plasters : its relevance to current wall painting and stone conservation practice
Abstract: Nkondi : a Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation. The purpose of this study was to find conservation methods and treatments suitable for an nkondi nail fetish that originates from the Congo region in Africa. This ethnographic object is on display at the permanent exhibition in the Helinä Rautavaara museum. The main problem is the extensive corrosion of the iron parts. This thesis is a combination of ethnography, artefact research, and conservation. Thesis also deals with the complexity of ethnographic conservation and its special role in the field. The object was documented thoroughly with photographs, drawings, and x-rays. Sizeable amount of material analyses were done and the condition of the object was mapped out carefully. Conservation treatments, procedures, and materials were explained and described thoroughly. After the conservation treatments the object is more stable chemically and structurally, and aesthetically the looks are more pleasing. The treatments keep the object from deteriorating further, thus helping it to survive longer. Conservation of an ethnographic object is an intricate process. It involves a lot of discussion about the ethics and other special issues. It is daunting task for a conservator, especially when encountering them for the first time.
Current technical challenges in the conservation of paintings
Mortars, cements and grouts used in the conservation of historic buildings = Mortiers, ciments et coulis utilisés dans la conservation des bâtiments historiques : symposium 3.-6.11.1981 Rome
International perspectives on textile conservation : papers from the ICOM-CC Textiles Working Group Meetings, Amsterdam 13-14 October 1994 and Budapest 11-15 September 1995
Windows : history, repair, and conservation
Conservation of cultural heritage, Guidelines and procedures for choosing appropriate lighting for indoor exhibitions
The conservator-restorer's professional activity and status and its responsibility towards the cultural heritage : preprints first E.C.C.O. congress, Florence, Palazzo degli Affari, 29-31 May 1997 / [organized by European Confederation of Conservator-Restorers' Organizations (E.C.C.O.), Associazione Restauratori d'Italia (A.R.I.)
Colour change in paintings
This is the sixth volume to appear in the Getty Conservation Institute's Readings in Conservation series, which gathers and publishes texts that have been influential in the development of thinking about the conservation of cultural heritage. The present volume provides a selection of more than sixty-five texts tracing the development of the field of preventive conservation from antiquity to the present day. The volume is divided into nine parts: Philosophies of Preventive Conservation, Keeping Things, Early Years of Conservation in Museums, Relative Humidity and Temperature, Light, Pests, Pollution, The Museum Environment and Risk Management, and Future Trends. Writings by such well-known figures as M. Vitruvius Pollio, John Ruskin, and Rachel Carson are complemented by selections from diverse sources including early housekeeping books, eighteenth-century archivist manuals, and Victorian novels.
Rethinking collection development and management
Journal of paper conservation : Mitteilungen der IADA
The British Museum technical research bulletin
Science and technology in the service of conservation : preprints of the contributions of Washington Congress, 3-9 September 1982 / edited by N.S. Brommelle and Garry Thomson
Holding it all together : ancient and modern approaches to joining, repair and consolidation / edited by Janet Ambers ... [et al.]
Conservation science 2007 : papers from the conference held in Milan, Italy 10-11 May 2007 / edited by Joyce H. Townsend ... [et al.]
Shared responsibility : proceedings of a Seminar for Curators and Conservators : National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa, Canada 26, 27 and 28 October 1989 = Responsabilité partagée : les actes d'un colloque à l'intetion des conservateurs et des restaurateurs
Caring for the past : issues in conservation for archaeology and museums
International workshop on flexible materials in Asian collections, exchange of approaches to conservation, presentation and use
Historic interiors : conservation, restoration and reconstruction
Cleaning, retouching and coatings : technology and practice for easel paintings and polychrome sculpture
Sredniowieczne witraze koscioła Mariackiego w Krakowie : historia i konserwacja = The Medieval stained-glass windows of St Mary's Church in Cracow : history and restoration = Mittelalterliche Glasfenster der Marienkirche in Krakau : Geschichte und Konservierung
Nkondi: A Case Study in Ethnographic Conservation
This volume contains papers from the NeCCAR 2014 conference "Authenticity in Transition". The papers debate the various ways that changing artistic practices affect our interpretation, conservation, and curation of contemporary art, with a special reference to the shifting concepts of authenticity and artistic intent. The papers examine the topic through many mediums including artists' viewpoints, the ephemeral nature of materials, historical perspective. The volume especially focuses on the problems caused by a shifting concept of authenticity to the conservation of artworks and conservation ethics.
How to wet-clean undyed cotton and linen
Interim meeting : international conference on painting conservation, canvases: behaviour, deterioration & treatment
James Strike explains the strategies for producing new development at historic sites, examining the philosophy of conservation practive and stressing the importance of taking into account the characteristics of each individual site.
Survey of reissues of U.S. recordings
The trail of lot 163 : in search of lost art treasures
Oriental rug repair : step-by-step reknotting and reconstruction, care and preservation
Bibliography, theses, dissertations, research reports in conservation : a preliminary report : [published on the occasion of the 6th International Restorer Seminar Veszprém- Budapest 13.7 - 23.7. 1987]
Open-air rock-art conservation and management : state of the art and future perspectives
Leather conservation news
Conservation of cultural heritage, Test methods : determination of the drying properties
Canadian Association for Conservation of Cultural Property : twenty-ninth annual conference, Victoria, May 23-25, 2003: conference abstracts = Association Canadienne pour la Conservation et la Restauration des Biens Cultrels : vingt-nevièm congrès annuel,
1964 Delft Conference : [preprints]
"This collection of thought-provoking essays by visionary and innovative library practitioners covers theory, research, and best practices in collection development, examining how it has evolved, identifying how some librarians are creatively responding to these changes, and predicting what is coming next"--
Practical conservation : our guide to caring for your treasures
Raamat - aeg - restaureerimine : artiklite kogumik = Book - time - restoration : collection of articles. 8.
Ateneum 1994 : Valtion taidemuseon museojulkaisu = Statens konstmuseums årsskrift = The Finnish National Gallery bulletin
V & A Conservation Journal
Novel living : collecting, decorating, and crafting with books
15th triennial conference New Delhi 22-26 September 2008 : preprints 1-2 / ICOM Committee for Conservation ; managing editor: Janet Bridgland
15th triennial conference, New Delhi, 22 - 26 September 2008 : preprints volume 1-2 / [managing editor Janet Bridgland]
Protection of historical monuments in Poland
Modern art : who cares? : an interdisciplinary research project and an international symposium on the conservation of modern and contemporary art / editors: Ijsbrand Hummelen & Dionne Sillé ; text editor: Marjan Zijlmans
Conservation of paintings : research and innovations
Atlas of fibre fracture and damage to textiles
Baroque furniture in the Boulle technique : conservation, science, history
Conservation of glass
Conservation research 1996 - 1997 / [editorial board: Ross M. Merrill (chairman) ... [et al.] ; managing editor: Carol Lehman Eron ; manuscript editor: Ann Hofstra Grogg]
The best in heritage : Dubrovnik, 22-24 September 2011 : in partnership with Europa Nostra : with new projects dedicated to the memory of Kenneth Hudson OBE and Georges Henri Riviere
Keeping for the future [Elektroninen aineisto] : high-profile conservation and restoration projects in the Netherlands = Bewaren voor de toekomst : belangrijke conserverings- en restauratieprojecten in Nederland / a production of Arte et Cetera in co-operation with Visser & Van Rijckevorsel Filmproducties = een productie van Arte et Cetera in samenweking met Visser & Van Rijckevorsel Filmprodukties
Picture framing : a practical guide to all aspects of the art and the craft
Contemporary theory of conservation
Raamat - aeg - restaureerimine : artiklite kogumik = Book - time - restoration : collection of articles. 7.
Historical and philosophical issues in the conservation of cultural heritage / edited by Nicholas Stanley Price, M. Kirby Talley Jr., Alessandra Melucco Vaccaro
The conservation of english wallpaintings : being a report of a Committee
Metal 04 : proceedings of the International Conference on Metals Conservation = Actes de la Conférence international sur la conservation des métaux : Canberra, Australia, 4-8 October 2004
Conservation environment guidelines for libraries and archives
Removal of damaging conservation treatments on mural paintings : a research and development report from the workshop November 2 & 3, 2007, Österbybruk, Uppland, Sweden
Furniture finishes : Twelfth International Symposium on Wood and Furniture Conservation : past, present and future of transparent wood coatings, proceedings
Conservation of iron recovered from the sea
The conservation centre : Masterplan
Preventive Conservation: a Key Method to Ensure Cultural Heritage s Authenticity and Integrity in Preservation Process
Proceedings of the 10th ICOM Group on Wet Organic Archaeological Materials Conference, Amsterdam 2007
Practical picture restoration
Conservation of ethnographic collections and archaeological sites : report on a Churchill Fellowship Study Tour 16th May to 31st October, 1969
The National Trust manual of housekeeping : care and conservation of collections in historic houses
Nkondi : a case study in ethnographic conservation
Conservation plans in action : proceedings of the Oxford Conferene
Seeking balance : preservation, use conservation : conference proceedings : the 10th Baltic states triennal restorers' : posters Riga 2014 = Lı̄dzsvaru meklējot : saglabāšana, izmantošana, restaurācija : 10. baltijas valstu restauratoru triennāles : stenda referātu krājums Rı̄ga, 2014
Conservation science 2002 : papers from the conference held in Edinburgh, Scotland 22-24 May 2002 / edited by Joyce H. Townsend, Katherine Eremin and Annemie Adriaens
Science and tehcnology in the service of conservation : preprints of the contributions to the Washington congress, 3-9 September 1982
Repliker av reliker : repliktillverkningen vid Wasavarvets konserveringsavdelning = Replicas of relics : replica production at the conservation department of the Wasa Museum
Human remains : conservation, retrieval, and analysis : proceedings of a conference held in Williamsburg, VA, Nov. 7-11th, 1999
Fly past, fly present : a celebration of preserved aviation
14th triennial meeting, Hague, 12 - 16 September 2005 : preprints volume 1-2 / [managing editor Isabelle Verger]
